 This is a fascinating and chilling -LRB- if too brief -RRB- look into the history of Jim Jones and his People 's Temple . What it offers beyond mere history , though , is a glimpse into the seductive nature of good turned into evil , through the eyes and words of people who at one time followed and believed in Jones . Most of them acknowledge some sense of strangeness , even psychosis , in the behavior of Jim Jones , but they chose to focus on the good he was doing and the utopian hope he was preaching publicly . And clearly in its early days , the People 's Temple WAS doing good , and offering hope and a real sense of community - integrated community - to those who came through the doors . But somewhere , somehow , it all began to go wrong . And yet people averted their eyes , as Jones drifted deeper and deeper into madness and drug his followers with him . This film esposes these issues without rendering any judgment upon them - it reveals the dreams and the hopes that were shattered that November day in 1978 along with all those lives . It is a morality tale for anyone who knows the power and goodness , but also the dark side , of religious faith . I am a Presbyterian pastor , and I would highly , highly recommend this film - as hard as it is to watch at times - for anyone who is interested not just in history , but in the power of faith - a power that can do such good , and yet be used in the wrong hands , for such evil .
 I give the 4 stars because of the vast quantity of material used in this documentary , photos , interviews , as well as testimonies make this documentary a good option for those who want to learn about the Jonestown massacre . The only reason I did n't give 5 stars is because this DVD does n't have subtitles and basically does n't show to much about the aftermath of the event 's .
 This is the best and most extraordinary documnentary on what happen on Nov. 18,1978 . showing actual news reel footage of the events and interviews of the real participants not actors recounting their experiences as temple members and life under Jim Jones is truly chilling and shocking !! i like the special feature section where Stanley Clayton describes his escape plan from all the carnage that was surrounding him !! this is not some movie with actors but the real people who were thier !!
 What 's most amazing is the tape recording of his final speech to convince all the parents to begin giving their children poison . Only one headstrong black woman speaks up with a speech that `` these babies deserve to live . '' Sadly , the interviewer just lets the survivors ramble , when most seem quite willing to answer tough follow up questions . It needed at least another hour .
 It is dated - I originally purchased around 1990 when the video workout craze first started . It has remained one of my favorite workouts for a tough , short 30 minute aerobic workout -LRB- and I have them all - Cathe , Firm , Gin Miller , Karen Voight , etc -RRB- . The choregraphy is more athletic and basic but she changes the moves enough that it is not too repetitive . The camera angles and production quality is good and I like the outdoor setting.Folks who prefer dancy , complex choregraphy like Amy Bento or Christi Taylor may not like this but I love this as a good alternative to running where I can zone out with the music and just move without tripping over my feet . There are not any power moves but it is high impact as the title mentions -LRB- kind of like Cathe 's Maximum Intensity cardio or Charlene Pricket 's early high impact workouts -RRB- .
 Loved this Series as much as the first season great for the scifi lovers cant wait for season 3 to come out on DVD
 Wanted to watch it all in one day , great follow-up to Season 1 . Ca n't wait for Season 3 on TV .
 I really Loved the Sanctuary You never knew what to expect , with how the second season ended.I hope they get the Thrid season done , or we will be hanging out to dry , Woundering !!! What Happens Next How will this be taken care of . . Wounderful Movie.Enjoyed the Fantasy about it.and all the scarey Guys .
 We streamed a few shows of Sanctuary -LRB- not the best Internet connection at our house for streaming -RRB- and decided to buy the Blu-ray disc set as soon as it came out.We save watching the Sanctuary shows for when nothing else is on ; we do n't want the shows to end too soon.We are Stargate fans , and we find Sanctuary to be a wonderful option for science fiction.Why would any person complain ? There is nothing else worth watching for people who only receive over-the-air television .
 Sanctuary , the second season continues to bring a unique sci-fi storyline to the green screen . If I could fault it for anything , it would be that the second season focused more on their enemies than the abnormal creatures it protects .
 I just finished watching this season 2 on Blu-Ray ... much better picture than on regular TV . I have one major complaint , but the rest is all good . The complaint is about the packaging ... they cheaped out or something and 2 of the 4 discs were out of the holders and floating free and scatched up because they went with some new design where the top discs slide into a semicircle at the bottom of the top disc only and the bottom discs rest in an indentation so the DESIGN is for them to lie on top of the other ! Who 's stupid idea was that ? The design , even if it works , is n't going to protect 2 out of 4 discs from getting scratched up ! Stupid ! ********* UPDATE ! ****** I have just gotten a replacement set due to bad sound on the final episode # 13 ... Frankly this episode sounds as if someone forgot to set up for 5.1 dolby or 5.1 DTS ... it sounds like the sound from the old 2.0 stereo from years ago ... with one difference , the music and sound effects are still coming through the center speaker , but no dialogue . Dialogue is coming through the right front speaker ! And very little is coming out of left front at all ... So , I do n't know what to make of this ... all the other episodes 1 thru 12 on discs 1-3 sound just fine ... only the final episode on disc 4 is like this - on both sets Amazon sent me ... so , is this a manufacturing problem ? You people will have to tell me that .
 Everything went perfectly with this order . It was easy and enjoyable . The DVDs arrived in a timely manner and were in perfect condition . I would definitely order from this company again .
 This is the long awaited second season of sanctuary . I was disappointed in the wrap up of the story line with Ashley and the cabal . I was left wondering why they wrote Ashley off the series . the development of Agam 's character was very nice and she is a good addition . after the wrap-up of the cabal storyline , the season found its voice and the episodes were much better . I hope that they have not eliminated the jack the ripper character . I eagerly await season 3
 I love this series , at first it took a while to comprehend the plot but after buying season 1 and then 2 , I really started to like this . It is good science fiction at the core.I hope that this series can go on for a many long seasons . I rated it at five . The only complaint I have is that there are not enough episodes per season .
 As a scifi geek it is nice to see that there is a show out there that has returned to the old days of monsters and has kept it clean enough for the whole family to watch together . Some people may think that keeping it clean and less gory is lame , but it 's needed out there . For having good story lines and not leaning on the shock factor to catch your interest I say bravo . Well done . I only wish that the series could come out more quickly in order . Got season one and two , still waiting on season three and the show is way into new seasons already . You have to be patient if you want this series . Bit of a drag but worth it .
 This is an great serie . I do n't have or want cable , I saw the show online and wanted to buy the DVD . Could not find in stores so I went to Amazon to find the show I want to buy . THe company delieved in a timely manner . How I just have to get season three , ca n't waite . I recommend this company they have reasonable prices and fast delievery .
 AFTER RENTING THE FIRST SEASON I DESIDED TO PERCHACE THE SECOND SEASON . WHILE STARTING OUT TO BE A VERY GOOD SCI/FI SERIES I WAS A LITTLE BEWILDERED BY THE UNFOLDING PLOT OF THIS SEASON . ONE CAN ONLY HOPE THAT NEXT SEASON WILL GATHER MOMENTIOM OR IT WILL SURELY BE IT 'S LAST .
 I am patiently waiting for the next season . Twists in plots and a few special effects keep us wanting more .
 I love this series . It is a great set . I wish there were more episodes in one season .
 Thanks , Amazon , for making it so easy to keep getting seasons of my absolute favorite television series . Sanctuary and all the Stargate series are great !!! My whole family love Helen Magnus and her crew . Even gotmy husband , who is strictly a sports and western fan , to watch and now he 's hooked . Never need to worry thatmerchandise will be anything but perfect when it arrives , barring any problems during transit .
 Season 2 of Sanctuary may leave you nostalgic for the first season . There are many ups and down throughout the 13 episodes . Some of them can even be downright depressing , but they are balanced with some very good , light moments and episodes that are n't taken too seriously.Overall season 2 has a lot to offer and is a better season than the first even though it is darker and maybe less satisfying than the first season . I recommend this to any fan of science fiction and definitely to Sanctuary fans who want to continue following the story . And even if you are n't a fan or do n't like the season , there is on scene in the last episode that makes the whole thing worthwhile . : -RRB-
 Awesome and I ca n't wait for season three to come out ! I purchase television series because I do n't like commercials on T.V. and I do n't own cable or satelite . In my household my family and I after dinner watch episodes on DVD . I also purchased Sanctuary first season . I had no idea that this was even on television . My family and I are antsipating the third season . Amanda Tapping is a great actress . Her character in this series is very different from the SG1 series . The other characters in this series are amazing and with each episode you will get hooked on wanting to watch the next one right after the other . I now follow Amanda on Twitter and her offical website just to see what she is up to now a days . I have never had a favorite actor/actress before and I do believe that I have found Amanda Tapping to be my favorite !
 I have just bought the blu ray version and although it clearly states on the back that it should work in all regions it does not work in Region B.As I ca n't play it I obviously ca n't review it ... LOL
 Very entertaining and will capture your attention well ! I was pleased with this season of Santuary it completed some story arcs from first season and added some new twists to what is going on . I fee that Amanda Tapping is doing great things with in her producer mode . The only drawback is some of the effects that involve a complete ` green screen ' seem to be much more perceptible to me than in some other shows recently . All in all a very engadging and fun story that is being told by this series .
 Sanctuary is definatley getting better . it started out a little slow with the entitre first three episodes dedicated to Ashley and the Cabal , although they were saved by having three of the five in the first two , who have great chemistry.the introduction of kate was a bit crap , but then in my opinion so is the character . she is very single minded and not very appealing.The stuff I loved most this year was the Druitt/Magnus work . Chris Heyerdarhl -LRB- if ive spelt that right -RRB- and Amanda Tapping have an amazing onscreen chemistry , the scenes between them at the beginning of the year as well as in the Druitt episode was fantastic . personally though i think they do too many episodes of just Amanda Tapping and Robin Dunne -LRB- Magnus and Will -RRB- . It worked in the first series when they were integrrating will into the sanctuary but now its just taking away from the other characters.There is definately places it can improve , but mostly it is finding the balance between giving all the characters the correct amount of time . however in series three they have 20 episodes so maybe they will find it easier , and maybe we will see more of the five as well .
 I love this show . It keeps evolving ... change is good ! The characters farmed from the SG1 and SGA series are great ! I was missing Rodney when I first watched the webisodes !!!! Danial Jackson , Todd and Beckett !!! LOVE IT !!! The stories are fresh ! Ugh I hate the `` continued '' at the end of the season !!! I am impatient !!! I like the new monsters weekly ! Always a bad guy to contend with ! I look forward to season three !!!
 Sanctuary is the best and very imaginative in it story lines . I love Amanda Tapping and the whole cast , they are so talented . The bonus features were great too , I liked hearing what they had to say about an episode or anything else . I love Sanctuary , I can not wait for season 3 . Big Fan , Christine Martin
 The Second Season of Sanctuary was incredible . Although I loved the first season , it was more of an introduction to the show than anything else . The second season allowed for more exploration of the characters and the story lines , and did so remarkably well.I never thought I would like a ` Sci Fci ' show , but this really is n't . It 's not more ` out there ' than Lost or Fringe or any of the other shows on basic networks . I would recommend it to everyone .
 THIS IS A GREAT SERIES FOR THE MONEY . IF YOU LIKE SCI FI WITH SUSPENCE AND SOME MONSTERS IN IT THIS IS THE SHOW FOR YOU . GREAT ACTING AND STORY LINE ESPECIALLY WITH THE LOW BUGET THEY HAVE FOR THESE SHOWS .
 This Syfy show is about monsters called abnormals by normal humans . Amanda Tapping is the leader of several sanctuaries around the world for these abnormals to live in peace or captured as dangerous ones to everyone , not just normals .
 This is a great syfy show you could not ask for anything more in one show . Action , creatures and unexplained powers .
 Sanctuary is a great Sci-fi show . The cast is fun to watch . The stories are crazy . I love that it is available on Blu-ray .
 I had seen several of the later episodes when they aired , but was a bit confused in a few places as to how , when and where . After purchasing Seasons 1 and 2 , the blanks are filled in , and while I have found some episodes sort of ordinary , others make it well worth while to watch.The presise is n't new - not matter who or what we are -LRB- or look like -RRB- we deserve conpassion , but it 's taken over the top , and pushes that point . A bit quirky , especially with a reformed Jack the Ripper , and Tesla popping in and , but totally enjoyable.If you like fantasy served up as possiblity , you 'll love the series .
 Couldnt stop watching it . I watched every season , and I 'm really pooped that they are not doing a fifth season
 I was really hooked to the first season and now a more exciting and action second season has added more questions . . Can hardly wait for the thirsd season .
 I 'm unsure about the result of Ashley being killed off ... I liked the fact that Helen had someone , family . It seems a bit much to think of someone living that long and having no one . Love the series !
 Ever since watching Sanctuary - Season One - I have become hooked on this show . It is clever , intelligent , and fun , with a bit of suspended belief -LRB- OK , more than a little -RRB- , and takes you on a journey of adventure and suspense in Sci-Fi land . The cast is great , and what they have accomplished with a very low budget , NO big studio -LRB- just a small enough sound stage -RRB- , and CGI , is amazing . That alone makes it worth the viewing . But the stories are well-written and add to the overall experience .
 I was most impressed with the follow-up to Season 1 . I so like the imagination which comes out in the range of creatures that are a part of the show.I am now looking at purchsing Season 3 .
 I am very pleased with my purchase . It was sent very quickly and in great condition . I will buy from this company again . Love the series .
 This is a great series we are happy to collect . It fits in well in our collection . We really enjoy watching this over and over . It arrived in perfect condition ahead of schedule . We would without doubt purchase from this vendor again !
 Not going to go on too much here , others have written most of the pros and cons . I , too , thought the first season was much better , and I was one that really liked the Ashley character and was quite disappointed when they wrote her off . As much as I would want to ` like ' the Kate character , I 'm not a big fan of the smart-ass , mouthy type , and the way she was integrated into the storyline so quickly , left some ho-hums ... how 'd that come about , what ? ... questions . Have always loved Amanda Tapping , I still greatly miss the wonderful Stargate shows . . both SG-1 and Atlantis -LRB- Christopher Heyerdahl as my favorite Wraith -RRB- . As an aside here , I really liked the Wraith as the ` bad guys ' in SG-A , I was hoping somehow they might show up in Universe -LRB- which I was sorely disappointed in -RRB- , but no such luck . Anyhow , I too thought the Cabal storyline could morph into all kinds of situations , but Season 2 seemed to go in an entirely new direction . From what I 've seen of Season 3 so far , there 's potential still , but I wish the writers would get back to what made the show so great -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- in the beginning . . the abnormals , the Cabal intrigues , somehow bringing Ashley back from wherever she went -LRB- anything 's possible you know -RRB- . Still , all in all , I really like Sanctuary and am really looking forward to some new episodes .
 I just finished watching Kali parts 1 , 2 and 3 and I loved the storyline . It gets better every season !
 The Sanctuary is a haven for all kinds of paranormal creatures , from the monstrous to the shunned . Dr. Helen Magnus has made the protection and study of abnormals her first priority . Following the cliffhanger ending from season one , Magnus ' daughter Ashley has been kidnapped by the deadly Cabal . And Magnus and her team discover the Cabal 's plans and their plans for Ashley.Joining Magnus ' team this season is Kate Freelander , a con artist with a good heart . Adam Darshi plays the initial rogue-turned-hero throughout the season . Her character changes quite a bit , as early on , I found her annoying and out of place . And the rest of the team is back , of course
 Season two built on season one perfectly . I love this series and can not wait until season three has been released so I can find out what happens to Will -LRB- and the world -RRB- in relation to Kali .
 Better than season 1 . Best episodes are the ones where less characters are involved as long as the main character , Helen Magnus , is one of them .
 Having been a comic book & Science Fiction geek for most of my life ; I can say the following with quite a bit of experience . Sanctuary is yet another series that can take an episode or two to `` GET ONTO '' it . I have found that as I keep tabs on the show , I am still intrigued enough every week to see what kind of creature of gadget they 'll throw into a scene . The acting is very good with green screen filming . Some of the editing leaves the actors just a hint off , yet it flows well . CGI is very expensive & used with good taste to keep the monsters & such quality up to today 's standards . Many years ago just getting an actor to try and imagine something was in front of them left alot of awkward movements . I am sure that if you watch the show for a week or two you wo n't be disappointed .
 I love this series ! I own season one and now I own season two . I have bought both for not only myself but as gifts to ! If you know of Santurarian this is the gift they want !!!
 Great show . Something different than all the other shows out there . Wish they had more episodes each season .
 The shows second season was better than the first , and the third is even better.BUt this was a solid season . I do think the loss of ashley was a shame but that 's the way this show went . Amanda Tapping , as usual leads the show with her usual skill , beauty and talent that you would expect of her . The rest of the cast is good too . I do think the big hairy guy is underused . THe dvd set looks fine here with some bonus material .
 The Sanctuary DVDs are well written and well acted . They keep you interested and wanting to buy the next season .
 Very different sci-fi / fantasy concept . Good actors and they worked hard to make you believe the fantasy . Fun for the sci-fi fix . Season 2 was not my favorite but a fun watch .
 Same as above for third season . Received package on time and in great condition . My granddaughter has viewed and/or scanned everything . Everything seems to be in order .
 I really am into this show . It is still fun . I can see where it is heading for darker times , but that was obvious with the destruction of seasons ones villan . The cast shifts and characters die off or change . I felt some of it was rushed and not fully explained . But overall a good seasons worth of entertainment and still fun to watch.If you enjoyed the first season you should get in to this season also . I really Enjoy watching Heyerdahl as Druid.He makes every episode this character is in riveting he does a fine job of holding your interest .
 You wont find out what happens in the Kali episodes until season three . That is how they get you to watch , duhh ! You do n't watch one episode and know what is going on . I watched the whole season and the hook they threw in at the end is good for what it was put there for ... to get me to watch season 3 !! If you will excuse me , I have a 3rd season to watch !
 I like this show . But then again I like Sy-fi . Amanda Tapping is a good actress . Enjoyed her in StarGate SG1 . And in the show sanctuary she does a great english imitation . .
 I ordered Sanctuary Season Two as a Christmas present . I was delivered on time and in great shape . My friend loves the show and says that season two is great !
 The season I received came from Amazon and was in excellent conditiion and on time . I enjoyed this season very much as I did not have to see the commericals . The extra were interesting
 this is not nearly as good as The Fringe , etc. , but it is very interesting and keeps one on the edge of the seat -- I was surprised when I bought it and am looking forward to seeing the next season that should be released soon .
 This show is exciting and a true pleasure . If you like science fiction I think you will like this .
 Having watched many teachers demonstrate soldering , I can confidently recommend this instructional DVD set , which is geared especially to the beginner . Lexi Erickson is a professional metalsmith with experience , a calm manner , and a methodical teaching style that is easy to understand and follow . She demystifies the process and takes the fear out of using a torch to solder jump rings , rings , bezels , and more.Safety issues , tools required , how to set up a Smith torch -LRB- her favorite -RRB- , fitting joins together , cleaning metal and solder , applying paste flux , correct placement of solder , and finally heating with the torch are all covered , step by step . Quenching hot metal and pickling in a crock-pot -LRB- she uses pH Down as a pickle ; personally I prefer citric acid -RRB- and then shaping the metal , etc. are also included . All of this is covered in the first DVD in the set.Lexi also shows you closeup shots of her few mistakes -LRB- on one ring , she did n't use enough solder -RRB- . I appreciate that so much!The second DVD begins with a lengthy segment on stick/sweat soldering , which is really terrific and worth the price of the entire DVD . Using a thick 16ga stick of solder , Lexi heats the fluxed metal and then gently touches the solder to the metal with the solder in three places
 Lexi is a great teacher . She explains what she is doing as well as showing . She does n't go too fast with her explainations either . I would buy her DVDs anytime !
 I just watched the permanent return of Amy Madison from rat status during the sixth season of `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' and wanted to look back at our first meeting with the young witch of Sunnydale High School . This tape is the second of the three that make up the first season collection of `` BtVS , '' and it was the weakest tape in the set because it includes a pair of episodes that are only tangentially important to the developing Buffy mythos.When we first meet Amy in `` The Witch '' she is just another girl trying out for the Sunnydale High Cheerleading squad along with Buffy and Cordelia . This is one of those early episodes that acknowledges the original feature film as background for the series by having Buffy show up in a cheerleading costume . Of course this is Sunnydale , so we are not surprised when one of the girls spontaneously bursts into flames during the tryouts . Eventually our attention is drawn to Amy , who is pretty uncoordinated but whose mother really , really , REALLY wants her to be on the squad . Every time something bad happens to another one of the girls , Buffy and Amy move up the ladder of cheerleading success . `` The Witch '' is -- surprise , surprise -- the episode that introduces the occult into the Buffy universe , which has major implications for Willow down the road . Written by Dana Reston , it is clearly the stronger of the two episodes on this particular tape . `` Never Kill A Boy On The First Date '' does have a marvelous moment where Buffy goes after the bad guy screaming , `` You killed my date ! '' Remember the sub-text for Buffy is that High School is Hell for children , so here we have Buffy trying to at least pretend she is a normal student and actually go out on a normal date . Just wait until Owen finds out what `` normal '' means in the wonderful and wacky world of Buffy . The Master 's attempt to use `` the Anointed One '' to kill the Slayer is the major sub-plot in this episode , which is far and away the weakest of the six included in this boxed set . Of course , now that we have all but the final season of `` BtVS '' available on DVD there is no real reason to pick this up because if you want to enjoy these episodes in Spanish you can do that with the DVD set , which is one of the most reasonably priced complete seasons of a television series available .
 This pair of episodes sets the stage for the larger mythos of the Buffyverse . The introduction of the Annointed One in `` Never Kill a Boy on the First Date '' is the first hint that this series will be more than Good Buffy vs. Evil Master every week . BTVS has defined character and story arcs -- certainly not a new concept for US television but you 'll be hard pressed to find a better example of growth and change in a long-running series . The first season -LRB- of which these episodes are a part -RRB- are a story unto themselves but also provide a springboard for the future . Watch and enjoy .
 The `` Anglo Saxon Attitudes '' story is told through the eyes and memory of Gerald Middleton , played by Richard Johnson , who is a retired historian with little to show for his working life . He struggles with a new job offer also along the historical mode . He 's mentally pained from love choices made during his earlier life . Gerald seems to be about the only sane character in the story . He is a person everyone can relate to , especially older generations with a few miles and mistakes under their own belt . Gerald also knows a secret about the Melpham phallic idol found in 1912 inside a religious tomb . Should he tell after all these years?Middleton thinks through many film flashbacks about love and marriage choices that currently seem quite unsatisfactory . His wife , Inge , played by Elizabeth Spriggs -LRB- Sense & Sensibility among others -RRB- is disgustingly overbearing to the entire family which includes 3 adult children . The children each have their own secret problems making this family situation so quirky that OUR own normal/dysfunctional -LRB- there 's an oxymoron -RRB- families seem quite acceptable.Even Kate Winslet -LRB- Sense & Sensibility ; The Holiday ; etc. -RRB- makes an early screen role appearance , in this case as Caroline Jevington during episode 3 . Reoccurring young love images in the form of Dollie is a constant frustration to Gerald 's attempt to accept his current wife and life . There is plenty to be physically seen of Dollie -LRB- Tara Fitzgerald - `` Jane Eyre '' -RRB- so this is not 3 episodes for the kids . Fitzgerald also played in the British comedy `` Five Children and It '' . That one is also recommended AND one for the children.This is a much different British story compared to most of the available series presented by BBC and other books turned into miniseries . As a warning for those potentially offended
 Your decisions throughout your life can bring about much folly , especially if you are self deceived . This is what happened to Gerald Middleton , who must come to terms with all of it , in his career , marriage , family , and the missed opportunity for real passionate love .
 The `` Anglo Saxon Attitudes '' story is told through the eyes and memory of Gerald Middleton , played by Richard Johnson , who is a retired historian with little to show for his working life . He struggles with a new job offer also along the historical mode . He 's mentally pained from love choices made during his earlier life . Gerald seems to be about the only sane character in the story . He is a person everyone can relate to , especially older generations with a few miles and mistakes under their own belt . Gerald also knows a secret about the Melpham phallic idol found in 1912 inside a religious tomb . Should he tell after all these years?Middleton thinks through many film flashbacks about love and marriage choices that currently seem quite unsatisfactory . His wife , Inge , played by Elizabeth Spriggs -LRB- Sense & Sensibility among others -RRB- is disgustingly overbearing to the entire family which includes 3 adult children . The children each have their own secret problems making this family situation so quirky that OUR own normal/dysfunctional -LRB- there 's an oxymoron -RRB- families seem quite acceptable.Even Kate Winslet -LRB- Sense & Sensibility ; The Holiday ; etc. -RRB- makes an early screen role appearance , in this case as Caroline Jevington during episode 3 . Reoccurring young love images in the form of Dollie is a constant frustration to Gerald 's attempt to accept his current wife and life . There is plenty to be physically seen of Dollie -LRB- Tara Fitzgerald - `` Jane Eyre '' -RRB- so this is not 3 episodes for the kids . Fitzgerald also played in the British comedy `` Five Children and It '' . That one is also recommended AND one for the children.This is a much different British story compared to most of the available series presented by BBC and other books turned into miniseries . As a warning for those potentially offended
 Nice video but the quality was not as good as I was hoping . It is not really much better than what I already have . It is just a slight upgrade for me . But , I am still glad to get the video . And , it is nice to have some old footage of Red Foley and some others along with Brenda Lee which is the reason I purchased the DVD.As for the seller , it was a good transaction and the DVD was received in less than a week after purchasing . I would purchase again from this seller .
 Well , after months of hearing about it , my most anticipated DVD of 2008 finally arrived and I have mixed feelings . From a performance standpoint , this is an AWESOME show featuring guest appearances by ex-Scorps Michael Schenker , Uli Jon Roth , and Herman Rarebell . The addition of these great musicians for a one-night reunion is a blessing for those of us who listened to the Scorpions long before Rock You Like a Hurricane took the mainstream rock world by storm in the early 80s . All musicians are at the top of their game , and enjoying themselves on this special night.Unfortunately , as is often the case with DVDS these days , this suffers from the dreaded MTV-video style editing throughout , causing even non-epileptics to go into seizures after awhile . Special guest guitarists Roth and Schenker deserve more camera time during their brief appearances , but their amazing solos were caught only momentarily in the unyeilding flashing of images.Camera shots changing every second is fine for a 4 minute video , but it gets really annoying on a concert that stretches over two hours . Someone needs to string these video editors up by the gonads and let them hang for a week on CNN Updates to get the point across . It virtually ruins my ability to just sit and watch the concert all the way through -LRB- unless I 'm really drunk or multi-tasking -RRB- . I also have some issues with the audio . On my 5.1 computer system speakers , the volume is very low and I have to max out all controls to get it to sound anywhere near a rock concert . Also , the bass end is lost in the mix and I had to really boost up both my EQ and subwoofer to get some PUNCH out of this show . When I did that , the bass guitar was just a rumbly drone.In contrast , on my television 's old-school tower speakers with a modern subwoofer , the over-all volume level is fine -LRB- probably because of the amplifier -RRB- , but again the bass guitar is distorted when I tune the subwoofer to kick me with the drums . A legendary concert of this magnitude deserves a better mix in my opinion.I do have to give the audio engineers credit on the 5.1 surround mix though , it is a fantastic use of the technology . Really cool stereo/front-rear effects , and they are featured throughout . Hearing it on my tv 's stereo system just does n't do it justice compared to the surround.With the video/audio flaws setting this DVD at 3 stars , the nearly perfect musical performance brings it up to a solid 4 STARS and is still worthy of purchase for any long-time Scorpions fan . My recommendation
 This is it ! long wait finally ending ! , this is a reunion dream show , 26 tracks ! all eras covered here ! awesome track list :1 . Coming Home2.Bad Boys Running Wild3.The Zoo4.Loving You Sunday Morning5.Make It Real6.Pictured Life7.Speedy 's Coming8.We 'll Burn The Sky9.Love 'em or Leave 'em 10 . Do n't Believe Her11.Tease Me Please Me12.Coast To Coast13.Holiday14.Love1drive15.Another Piece Of Meat16.Kottak Attack17.Blackout18.No One Like You19.Six String Sting20.Big City Nights21.Can ' t Get Enough22.Still Loving You23.In Trance24.Bolero25.Ready To Sting -LRB- Appearance of the Scorpion -RRB- 26 . Rock You Like A HurricaneRead what the band has to say about this magic night at wacken -LRB- 2006 -RRB- SCORPIONS : Wacken 2006 -- this was a very special concert for us , exciting and challenging and -- most important of all -- a family reunion.We wanted our fans to participate , so in summer 2006 we put a set of 50 songs on our homepage for the community to vote . Many of the songs chosen we had on our setlist anyway , but there were also many surprises.Together with Michael Schenker , Uli Jon Roth and Herman Rarebell this show at Wacken gave us a great platform to journey through time -- 35 years of SCORPIONS history ! `` A Night to remember '' it was indeed , a night to remember with an audience of 60.000 die hard metal fans who celebrated with us that the SCORPIONS got the sting and rock you like a Hurricane!Thanks to everybody ... Enjoy the Show!Musicians on Stage : Klaus Meine -LRB- vocals -RRB- Rudolf Schenker -LRB- guitars , backing vocals -RRB- Matthias Jabs -LRB- guitars , backing vocals -RRB- James Kottak -LRB- drums , backing vocals -RRB- Pawel Maciwoda -LRB- bass , backing vocals -RRB- Special Guests : Uli Jon Roth -LRB- guitar -RRB- on tracks 6,7,8 and 22,23 , 24Michael Schenker -LRB- guitar -RRB- on tracks 12,13,14,15 and 22,23 , 24Herman Rarebell -LRB- drums -RRB- on tracks 17,18 and 24Tyson Schenker -LRB- guitar -RRB- on track 24
 A brilliant concert , beautifully filmed at the Wacken Music Festival in 2006 , showcasing one of the world 's truly best and enduring rock bands - SCORPIONS - `` A Night to Remember / A Journey Through Time '' , with special guests
 I 've been collecting the body of work from SCORPIONS for the past 25 years and this particular DVD is my most valued item in my collection . I do n't care where it was imported from , -LRB- mine came from Germany -RRB- , I 'd rate it 7 stars , if I could . You need to be a REAL ` fan ' to appreciate how the current members of the band managed to collaborate on stage for this DVD , former & founding members of the band . They put aside any and all differences and pride ; Matthias shows grace and finesse when on stage , playing along with Uli Jon Roth . The songs were selected by members of the fan club who were given a choice of 50 to choose from . The songs that made this concert are truly a `` Journey through time . '' Some songs played have not been played in recent years -LRB- live -RRB- or at all , so it 's a treat for them to pull out all the stops and return to their roots . I feel , as usual , Klaus ' voice is not mixed very well within the sound and that he 's a little drowned out by such LOUD -LRB- but awesome riffs -RRB- . The photography angles are good but you can tell the footage was edited quite a bit by quick changes in the focus . These are production issues , not quality of the content problems . They 're performances are MASTERFUL , full of renewed energy , and they all appear very happy on this `` Night to Remember . '' I had a sense of having gone to a live performance when it was over , it gave me the chills . Even band historians , such as myself , saw new things and the thrills kept coming . Buy one for yourself AND a friend , there 's no doubt you 're not the only one who will want this level of pure enjoyment .
 The first Scorpions release I ever bought was the Album - Fly To the Rainbow , and I 've been hooked ever since Then I bought the 8-track version of Tokyo Tapes , and it completely blew me away . Ulrich Roth -LCB- as he was known then -RCB- , put on a guitar clinic as fas as live shows go . My favorites were Backstage Queen and Pictured Life . I was sad to see him leave the band after that magnificent performance.Fast forward 17 years , and I took my 12 year old daughter to see her first ` Rock ' concert ; Scorpions and Mister Big at Irvine Meadows Ampitheatre , during the Crazy World tour , which Klaus said was being recorded . To say the least , she was blown away by them as well.Now here it is 20 years later , and I purchased Live at Wacken . I am totally impressed by the show , especially seeing Uli John Roth , Michael Schenker , and Herman Rarebell being invited to play with them . It was a very good mix of old and new tunes . I was happy to see them play Speedy 's Coming , Pictured Life , and In Trance . It gave Uli a chance to shine . And a particular great feature was when they played Ravel 's Bolero , and Rudy got to do his head stand . The look on Matthias and Michael 's faces when Uli kicked out the song was worth the price of admission . Matthias , Rudolph , and Pawel really were tight on every tune . This band seems ageless ! And the energy that Rudy shows is what I believe has kept them going all these years . And it does n't hurt having a front man like Klaus ! This show was well worth the money I put down for it.I am hoping that when they finally come to the US , they do a show here in Arizona , and maybe invite the old guys along . I 'm thinking of taking my daughter and 12 year old grand-daughter when I go . Keep on rocking guys .
 This release has been available on Best Buys website for a few weeks . Awesome it is , very powerful sounding and not overly polished sounding . I was disappointed when I read in other reviews that some great songs have been omitted , but it is still a `` must have '' if you like those hard rock groups that were big in the 80 's and beyond . And if you 're like me , anything with Michael Schenker is a `` must have . ''
 I got mine from Amazon yesterday and even though Amazon listed it as NTSC , it was PAL . It had a sticker that said `` import '' and said it was from Thailand on the back . I was wondering if there is an NTSC version available . If not , I will hold on to this even though it does n't work with my television . If anyone got the NTSC version , I would like to know where I could get it .
 If you are a fan of Scorpions , or just a fan of great music , you will LOVE this DVD concert . This show includes some great classics and memorable moments that include several previous members of this amazing band . I was totally blown away from beginning to end .
 This is a very cool dvd . I had forgotten how great alot of the songs are on this dvd . The song selection is great - alot of great , classic songs . The performance is great ! You do n't get the sense that this is a bunch of old dudes trying to recapture something that is n't there anymore - very solid , respectable performance . Great vocals , great musicianship . Very good retrospective !!! Sidenote
 I bought this DVD through Amazon Canada almost one year ago because it was not yet released to the USA . Although there are no special features on this DVD the show itself was remarkable . The setlist was chosen by a vote of fans on the Scorpions website . I 've been a Scorps fan since about 1982 and have seen them live 10 times since 1987 . They are one of the best live rock bands in the world and they still play shows all around the globe throughout the year.One of the great parts of this show was the addition of some songs I 've never seen live and the collobaration with three former Scorps band members from long ago to play on stage . The audio quality is good , I can turn it up loud and enjoy the vibrating of the entire house . Although not top notch audio quality the previous live performance DVDs I 've purchased by the Scorpions have all been less than adequate in that regard.The show was shot at the Wacken Open Air Festival , a long-running four day heavy metal festival in northern Germany , about two hours from the Scorpions original hometown of Hannover . The Scorpions entertained the crowd of 60,000 people as the headliner of the opening night of the festival . Most European rock crowds that I 've seen on video lack the enthusiasm of their United States brethren but this crowd was good , of course they were heavy metal fans just looking for a reason to mosh . : -RRB- Excellent concert performance , very good video and audio quality . A Scorpions fan must have for the collection and a GREAT way to introduce young people to the musical performance these guys offer nightly around the world ! Long Live Scorpions !
 Very clear vocals , that may need to be turned down a bit when you are crankin ' it , & the bass too , but excellent sound for live.The director incharge of the visual content needs to learn that more cameras & shots , does not make it a better show , as we do n't get much coverage of the special performers in the gig.A must for all scorpion rockers .
 All I can say is this is a great look at the Scorpions live and well worth the money . It is filmed extremely well and the sound is excellent . It pretty much covers their whole career with guest appearances from Uli Jon Roth and Michael Schenker . If you 've ever seen the band live you will enjoy this DVD .
 GOOD CONCERT , LOTS OF THE HITS . WISH I KNEW WHAT HE WAS SAYING IN GERMAN THOUGH . OVERALL GOOD CONCERT . GREAT TO SEE FORMER MEMBERS . GREAT DVD FOR THE MONEY .
 Great concert , they play a lot of classics from the 70 's that I have never seen performed live before .
 Of all the Scorpions concerts that have been captured on film , this one is the absolute best . All of the guys in the band look very fit , very happy , and very capable from the very first song . The music sounds great , and the huge crowd of 60,000 German fans are in high spirit throughout the performance . As an added bonus , there are guest appearances by Uli Jon Roth , Michael Schenker , Herman Rarebell , and Tyson Schenker . The show rolls on for over two hours , as the band performs a gigantic playlist of songs that span three decades of Scorpions music . Believe me , this is a really great live show that you will want to watch again and again . I have been lucky enough to see the Scorpions play live in Rotterdam , Holland . It was a such a great show , and this new DVD brings back a lot of memories for me . The Scorpions are still Rocking , and doing it WELL !
 Scorpions
 As a die-hard Scorpions fan , I am thrilled with this DVD . How fantastic is it to see 60,000 fans rocking to one of the most long lived bands ever ? The sound is great , the video is great , and it is cool to see ex-band members joining in the `` reunion '' , playing old hits , going back over three decades . The packaging is a bit cheesy , but other than that , I highly recommend it !
 Yes , this DVD has been out a long time , and yes , I just got it as I continue to round out my concert DVD/Blu-Ray library . Not sure why it took me so long to order this -LRB- I LOVE the Scorps ! -RRB- , but it may have to do with the fact that they have several concert DVDs . I struggled with which one to get . Finally settled on Wacken AND Acoustica -LRB- complementary shows -RRB- , and I am not disappointed . Wacken is incredibly well-performed , as the guys do seem to be enjoying themselves . For volume of songs itself , this is a great collection . But , the song choices are great , too , spanning a broad range of years as they should.I am with other reviewers , however , in disliking the frenetic camera angle switching . It 's cool to have tons of angles , but focus longer than 2 seconds on each shot , please ! It almost gives me motion sickness -LRB- not really ! -RRB- . One last visual gripe is the overall darkness of the stage . Not sure if this was the show or how it was filmed or edited , but it 's just really dark except the sharp spotlights . Not a big deal at all , but seems like it 's unintended . The audio is great except the bass is really pumping compared to other concerts I have . No big deal , I just back off on the subwoofer a touch.All in all , very happy and wishing I would have bought this years ago !
 to bad they are retiring . this is a must have video of them in concert . once thier gone this is all that will be left . great concert well done . but like they said . we look one way but feel different in another way . hell we all get old so i know the feeling .
 This has become my favorite DVD in my collection - and that 's saying a lot !
 one of the best live dvd 's i have ever seen . Pink Floyds pulse being my favorite . It is long , it sounds fantastic , and it is great to see some former members with them for this show .
 Overall great concert . Klaus ' vocals seem a little week here and there , but for how long these guys have been around , they still do great live . One of the few beefs I have with this is what 's with the guy near the end randomly standing on his head , and just leisurely doing some yoga . It really does n't add to the concert , I 'm just wondering `` Why is he doing that ? '' . But that aside , it was great !
 I bought this along with their Gold 2CD set and found Live at Wacken Open Air a little off with the sound . It could have been the placement of the microphones when it was recorded . But if you love the Scorpions you 'll still enjoy this DVD .
 The whole concert is awesome . The guests , Uli Jon Roth , Michael Schenker and Herman Rarebell are a treat specially when Roth joins Mathias and Rudy in their classics.Michael is a little tame , but it is always great to see him join his brother . I highly recommend this DVD to hardcore Scorpions fans , specially if you 've been listening to these guys since the late 70 's . Rudy and Mathias look good and sound great , and of course the man behind the microphone ... Klaus Meine still has a great voice .
 I bought this DVD because it features a few songs with Uli Roth performing again with the Scorpions . I was n't let down , though Uli could have been up in the mix a little more and it would have been nice to see him perform on more of the songs . His playing is as awesome as ever . It was also nice to see Herman Rarebell return to play drums on three songs . My biggest disappointment was the songs that added Michael Schenker back into the mix . He kinda butchered ` Coast To Coast '' and his playing on the other songs that featured him was pretty lack luster . This bummed me out because I 'm also a huge Michael Schenker fan . Klaus Meine , Rudolph Schenker and Matthias Jabs all deliver solid performances , as they usually do . All in all it is a must have for all diehard Uli-era Scorpions fans .
 First of all , I ca n't stop listening to this DVD!I love live shows DVDs and I have quite a few of them in my DVD library.Scorpions Live at Wacken is probably one one the best live DVDs I came across in awhile.The song selection is great ,26 of them with special appearance of Herman Rarebell , Uli Jon Roth and Michael Schenker.First thing you notice about this DVD is great sound ; heavy and hard , just as it should be.The next thing is that the band is really tight and every song is performed well.It seems that Scorpions really benefit here from having younger guns James Kottak and Pawel Maciwoda , delivering rhytm section while original masters Rudolph Schenker , Mathhias Jabs and Klaus Meine deliver their magic.The performance of opening 3 tracks Coming Home , Bad boys Running wild and The Zoo are best live recording of these 3 tracks ever and are worth buying this DVD for.The rest of DVD spreads nicely in their earlier and later work with speacial appearance of the above mentioned musicians.Every member of Scorpions shines on this DVD and thats a nice break from other live DVDs in my library.I listen to many different styles of music , and have attended many different music genre concerts but Scorpions concert which I attended two years ago was probably one of the best hard rock concerts I have seen!Do yourself a favour and go see them next time they come to your town , you will be happy you did !
 I thought the DVD was great from a song list and line-up standpoint . The Uli Roth era songs -LRB- with Uli -RRB- were great as well as seeing the brothers Schenker playing together.I agree with other reviewers - the way the DVD was shot was very 80 's MTV -LRB- I guess its no coincidence since the Scorps were the biggest in the 80s -RRB- . Too much jumping around from band member to band member without focusing on the guest axe men.I give the DVD a 4 out of 5 rating .
 Monumental concert -LRB- line-up , songs , show , crowd , band energy and performance -RRB- and a real classic pure rock show . Very good editing this time . With `` Live At Wacken . . '' and `` Amazonia ... '' , we have two excellent Scorpions products , very professional and two reference points about what quality music means . Rock on together with the best rock band ever - SCORPIONS !
 One of the longest running acts in heavy metal , the Scorpions , celebrate both their long history , and some of their most beloved past members , in this 2006 performance at the famed Wacken outdoor arena in Hamburg , Germany . Billed as ` A Night to Remember , A Journey Through Time ' , the 138 minute performance features guest appearances by past members Uli Jon Roth , Michael Schenker and Herman Rarebell . The set list was partially based on input from the fans , and features many of the classics , with a few surprise selections.The departure of Ulrich Roth in 1978 , was a turning point in the band 's history , and under the creative direction of singer Klaus Meine , and guitarist Rudolf Schenker , and with the contributions of Mathias Jabs on lead guitar , Scorpions found commercial success in the 80 's . Given the past , the presence of Roth is one of the highlights of the evening . The Scorpions open the show alone , and then bring Roth onstage for ` Pictured Life ' . ` Speedy 's Coming ' takes you back to Roth 's earliest times , and he really cuts loose on ` We 'll Burn the Sky ' . The sound of Roth 's Sky guitar is at times rather thin , and is n't always well heard . The sound mix is good but not great . At times , the highs do n't seem to cut through like they should , and Klaus 's vocals are sometimes drowned out.Roth departs , and after a few more songs , Michael Schenker is brought on , doing a very slowed down version of Coast to Coast , where Klaus also joins in on guitar . Big brother Rudolf shows off his skills on an acoustic flying V , on a very resonant version of Holiday , where the guitars really are heard . The editing style that is characterized by cuts every few seconds , gets annoying after a while . Although the presentation includes a wide variety of views , the video is often not that sharp . Again good , but not great . Lovedrive , and Another Piece of Meat finishes Michael 's featured portion of the show , during which , due to the editing , he really is n't seen very much . When the guitar player is n't given appropriate screen time when soloing , there 's an issue.It 's very cool to see Herman Rarebell join the band to play drums on Blackout and No One Like You . For Blackout , Rudolph dons a mask with forks in the eyes , like the Blackout album cover , and plays a guitar that emits smoke through exhaust pipes . Give the man some credit for showmanship , as the rest of the band is does n't do too much to spice things up.Matthias Jabs , solid throughout the performance , with his signature screams , squeaks , and squeals , then takes the stage for a short guitar solo , before taking the band into ` Big City Nights ' . Rudolph 's classic guitar solo is lost in the editing . ` Still Loving You ' is almost magical when performed live , with more emotion from Rudolph 's guitar in the outro.Uli , Michael , and Herman all return for two more numbers . ` In Trance ' , is an another journey way , way back , and features some impressive work by Roth and Jabs . Probably the most curious number is ` Bolero ' , which not only features lots of Uli 's guitar , but also Rudolf performing a headstand onstage . The performance winds up with the appearance on a mechanical scorpion on stage , followed by a rousing version of ` Rock You Like a Hurricane ' . The special guests , and songs from the 70 's and 80 's , are excellent reasons to check out this performance . The choppy editing detracts from the enjoyment , and the sound mix could have been better at times , but the performance is still well worth seeing , as the Scorpions are very much in synch , playing for over two hours . Klaus Meine 's voice is still one of the finest , and the evening is a marvelous journey through the band 's long history .
 This is would have to be without doubt one of the best live concerts on DVD . Buy it , put it on and turn it up full blast . You wo n't be disappointed , I assure you .
 THIS IS ONE GREAT `` WHOLESOME '' , `` HARD ROCK '' , `` HEAVY METAL '' CONCERT DVD !!! THESE GUYS ARE FROM GERMANY -LRB- THIS DVD WAS FILMED IN HAMBURG , GERMANY -RRB- , AND THESE GUYS HAVE BEEN ROCKING SINCE THE EARLY 1970 'S . THIS BAND AND THIS CONCERT IS `` HARD ROCK '' , AND `` METAL - GUITAR '' ROCK AT ITS VERY BEST !!! THE SCORPIONS ARE Klaus Meine on vocals and guitar , Rudolf Schenker on guitar and backing vocals , matthias jabs on guitar , James Kottak on drums and Pawel Maciwoda on bass . Then you get guest musicians of Uli Jon Roth , and Michael Schenker and Herman Rarebell.The concert consists of 26 songs , all performed extremely well . Note - this is high-powered rock and roll !!! High Energy rock from some old pro 's . Germany loves Southern Rock , both Molly Hatchet and Lynyrd Skynrd have recorded concert dvd 's in Hamburg . And this `` Southern Rocker '' likes the Scorpions . I 've been a fan for years , they are a good solid hard rock and roll band who put 100 percent Plus energy and effort into their performances . They are not vulgar , or evil or any of that kinda stuff , they are just a good `` wholesome '' hard rock band.THIS IS A REAL HARD ROCK CONCERT , VERY WELL PERFORMED , AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT !!!
 A great band always give you excellent music . A good review of their best hits , including their previous players . I just hate the camera moving . You ca n't see nothing . Every take last half second . When they are doing solos the camera is taking everything but the player . In spite of this , good video .
 This was an incredible show . Ulrich Roth , Michael and Rudolf Schenker as well as Mattias Jabs kicked butt . No doubt about it . Klaus was great too . My PAL formatted DVD played well . It skipped very quickly about 4 times but it did n't interfere with the entertainment value . Whoever cut this show up though , did a very poor job . Too many 3 second close ups and then going from scene to scene . Too many crowdshots also . All these great guitarists and their solos were so poorly put together by the producers . Bad job . I still have to give it a 5 star because of the songs and energy . It 's worth the -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 This was an awesome concert bringing together old band members and family members and they play a variety of old and new songs . It ROCKS !!
 I just watched this DVD for the first time , and what a show ! The Scorpions prove again that they are the BEST LIVE BAND EVER ! I have been saying that for 30 years now and this DVD proves it again . The band is awesome . And with guests Uli Jon Roth , Micheal Schenker , and Herman Rarebell this is truly a must have for any Scorpions fan.It was shot during the tour for the Unbreakable album , and the track list covers all era 's of the band 's extensive record catalog.From Speedy 's Coming and Pictured Life to Love 'Em or Leave 'Em . This show ROCKS ! Crank up the surround sound and enjoy !
 I am completely speechless after watching this fantasitc dvd . I was blown away by this performance -LRB- especially Uli Roth 's performance , which I thought stole the show , I wo n't ever bag on his singing ever again . -RRB- And it is always great to see Michael Schenker play with them as well . It is a shame that four tracks were omitted from the show -LRB- one being `` In Search of the Peace of Mind , from my favorite Scorps album `` Lonesome Crow '' -RRB- , but this dvd is definitly a keeper . This show will blow you off your feet.And it 's great to see them cover songs from RCA days .
 This is by far the best Scorpions DVD ever !! Amazing Sound/Video quality.Michael Schenker , Uli John Roth and Math&iacute;as Jabs . . Ca n't get better than this .
 I 've been collecting concert DVD 's for some time now and I 'd have to say that this is one of the best concerts I 've seen and it is now one of my favorites ! I 've been watching it over and over again . Being a child of the 80 's , I always enjoyed the Scorpians especially back in the day . I remember rocking out all summer to Love at First Sting . These guys still rock , better than ever ! It 's great that they played all of the oldies . The video and sound quality is excellent . Klaus 's voice is still very good . James Kottak and Pawel are great , not to mention Rudolf and Matthias . I love watching Rudolf , here 's a great rythum player and is very funny onstage . It 's really cool to see Uli Roth , Michael Schenker , and Herman Rarebell too . These guys are great !
 I 'm a huge fan of the Scorpions , I 've got just about everything they have put out , From LP 's , CD 's , VHS.S and more.And when I got this DVD Live at Wacken . It blew me away . Great stage performance like always I rate it the highest one DVD you have to get
 I have n't gotten my concert video of this great Scorpions concert yet ... I WAS AT THE SHOW !! Wacken , Germany 2006 !! The Open-Air Concert weekend was awesome . The Scorpions ` family ' event was the Thursday night of a three-night event . Dead center , 30 body-widths from the barricade or so ... I enjoyed the entire show . The weather held and the Scorp 's took the stage . I 've not yet seen the DVD of this concert though , so I 'm counting on sound tech 's and camera work to make it come to life.I 'd seen The Scorpions in the USA in the early years ... on the `` Bad Boys Running Wild '' - Tour with Iron Maiden as the opening act . In Germany playing to their homeland the show is incredible . Of note however , the band is getting older , Klaus has a few pitchy moments ... the stage presence no longer harkens to crazy-rockers ... although Rudolf and the boys do perform their trademark flying-guitars , pyramid , etc. . . The Wacken Open-Air Event is a hard metal , annual 3-day event . With a crowd of younger metal fans in attendance , ie . fans who did n't grow up with The Scorpions , in comparison with the rest of the Wacken Event , The Scorpions were considered a pop band . So , the crowd was responsive , in admiration of the ` old rockers onstage ' but reserved for the harder acts to follow.If the technical aspects of the show do n't disappoint you 'll enjoy a classic performance !! I know I clapped , sweated , cheered , and sang along to all the songs I grew up with .
 Truly is the Scorpions at their most power DVD concert performance . . twice better than Live in Vienna and 3 times better than the Crazy World tour DVD . . 26 songs covered here from their classic era until the unbreakable album and the best thing is also perform together with former members Uli Jon Roth , Herman Rarebell and Michael Schenker ! Wonder why former bassist Francis Bulcholz is not there ... anyhow Live At Wacken 2006 DVD is a must for Scorpions fans and Classic Metal fans alike ...
 this is an amazing video of the Scorpions filmed live at Wacken Open Air Festival . with guest appearences from Uli Jon Roth , Herman Rarebell & Michael Schenker . from start to finish this dvd delivers . looks and sounds great on a home theater system.the only ones who wo n't like this dvd is your neighbors cause you can not listen to the Scorpions and not crank it to 11 .
 I waited a while before buying this DVD . I always liked the Scorpions , and this is a real cool show with Uli Roth and Michael Schenkner joing the band . Definetly worth buying .
 I just finished watching the new Scorpions live @ Wacken 2006 DVD and was totally-totally blown away !!! Great production , sound quality and camera work . The band and song selection was top notch and Klaus Meine 's Vox are clear as a bell and stronger than ever ! I 've seen them live 5 times over the last 25 + years and they 've never EVER sounded or been better than this !!! The only disappointment I have is that I really wish they had turned up the levels a little more on Uli Roth 's songs and solos . *** Spend the dime because this is an absolute MUST for your DVD concert collection ! Trust me , you 'll thank me for it !!!
 Klaus and the boys welcome back Uli , Herman and Rudy 's brother Michael ! It 's a dream concert ! I just wish they did `` Steamrock Fever '' !
 This was a great set and feast for Scorpions fans , featuring all their guitarists joining them throughout the night , but after seeing the track list compared to the original webcast , a big star deduction because four songs have been removed
 This is a great dvd , All the hits plus many forgotten rockers from the past .
 This is by far one of my favorite dvd concert from my collection.The scorpions deliver an amazing show . They really know how to work with the audience , something you do n't see much of anymore . If your a scorpions fan you will love this dvd . Get this dvd concert!The video quality is very good . Uli Jon Roth and Michael Schenker on stage were great !
 The Scorpions are one of those groups that Rock harder live than in the studio !!! If you have n't seen them live , this will give you a taste of what you are missing !
 What a great set list/concert . I do agree with everyone about the multiple camera angles . It makes no sense.If you want to see a great Heavy Metal Concert ... I would highly recommend the new CD release of Judas Priest 's Screaming Vengeance . It includes their 1983 show at US Festival on DVD . Awesome !
 great dvd by the scorpions with special guests uli jon roth , michael schenker , and herman rarebell . the setlist is superb and the performances are an allout sonic assault , highly recommended for all fans of classic hardrock !
 Love , Love , Love it !!! A ton of hit songs performed on this dvd . Uli John Roth , Michael Schenker , Herman Rarebull all join the current members of Scorpions at this performance in Wacken Germany . Great images and sound
 Well , I must say that this is one of the best live DVDS that I 've seen in a while !! Great to hear the hit songs , but also good to hear some that are n't played that often . I enjoyed seeing Michael Schenker and Uli Jon Roth jam with them !!
 If you like the Scorpians , you have to get this for your collection . I bought this for my husband and he has listened/watched it every day since .
 If your a Scorpion fan , this is the one to add to your collection . Awesome concert !
 Amazing performance captured live , what else could we expect by the Scorps ? a friends reunion , nice watching former band 's members of the 70 's and 80 's line up , the playlist is more than 80 percent of the World Wide Live CD , a good oportunity to listen and whatch old hits from the peak era of scorpions in the 80 's , the sound is great as well as the cameras work , over 60.000 fans screaming at waken , no doubts at all five stars for this DVD .
 There is a reason why the scorpions remain at the apex of rock music . From their inception in the 60 's to present day they have continued to evolve and grow and consistantly put on concerts that are pure energy and fun.Yes they are older now and their original drummer and bassist are no longer with them but it has n't stopped them from remaining the consumate professionals that they are . It has n't stopped them from bringing forth great music and live shows that everyone can enjoy . Younger musicians coming up in the ranks should sit up and pay attention as these german rockers long ago mastered the secret of longevity in a dog eat dog profession.I 've had the great pleasure of seeing the scorpions play live on several occasions and 13 years ago I also had the great fortune to spend an entire day with these kind gentleman . They love to share their music and they love and respect their fans.If your looking for good music and non-stop energy then this is the dvd for you .
 Killy only does the inro and trailer section . Jens Husted and Chris Ryman skiing together , as in their Black Diamond video , do the demonstrations . Sybervison presents the skiers perfect turns from all angles , in slow motion and reverse photography so the viewer can see how all body parts work together in linking short and medium radius turns on moderate , steep , mogul and powder conditions . The Killy and Black Diamod tapes are both excellent . The music is great as well . Even though the tape was made 15 years ago the form is timeless . Watch this video several times a week during the ski season to implant the image of perfect turns in your head . Ski and watch again . You will improve . Add to this video Ellen Post Fosters Skiing and the Art of carving which describes the subtle differences with the new shaped Skis and your collection of training videos will be complete .
 I 've had toa chance to see -LRB- and hear -RRB- Jorge Luis Prats in a live concert in Mexico City . The repertory in this DVD is mostly varied and interesting for piano music lovers . In addition , the bonus live conversation -LRB- about one hour long -RRB- is a real `` class '' on several piano subjects that sometimes without real appreciation by the concert goers . It is a must to have this product in your collection .
 This recital given by the Cuban pianist , Jorge Prats , in Miami in 2007 is wide-ranging in its repertoire , breath-taking in its virtuosity , beguiling in its charm , infectious in its joy , generous in its spirit and altogether without parallel in my experience.All of this can be summed up during the bonus interview as Jorge Prats describes his ` trick ' when doing the glissandi in one of his encores ... . You need a bit of damp or wetness on your hands he remarked as he demonstrated a single note glissando up and down the keyboard ... then another in 3rds ... . then in 6ths ... followed by 5ths , then octaves and then 3 notes at once -LRB- 1,3 and 5 -RRB- ! Of course , he goes on , some pianos are a bit more difficult so then you just use palms and he smilingly whizzed up and down the keyboard with palms sounding just as good!However , he remarks , the piano is just a ` tool ' with which he is able to express emotions or style . The 60 minute documentary is filled with countless examples of style , emotions expressed and his total joy in music making based on the international experiences he has gained over a lifetime . All of this is related to his approach to his programming as he sits at the piano giving a constant flow of practical examples with hardly a glance at the keyboard . An absolutely riveting interview.The concert is even better with piece after piece given the sort of performance you would be lucky to hear in a lifetime - and here they are all at once ! The Bach-Liszt opening Prelude & Fugue has a tremendous range of sonority and sensitivity . This prepares us very well for the exotic world of the Scriabin Preludes Op. 11 . The Cuban music of Cervantes follows where Prats is clearly on home ground . Ravel 's Gaspard continues this range of textures and imagination concluding with one of the most exciting renditions I have ever heard of Scarbo . La Valse is orchestral in its textural scope and concludes the official program . About 20 minutes of wonderful encores follow with much emphasis on Cuban derived music but ending with Wagner-Liszt 's Liebestod.The extensive illustrated interview is one of the best I have ever seen with Jorg Prats effortlessly compelling total attention with his charm , knowledge , skill and sheer musicianship.The visual recording is rather basic with lighting that can be doubtful . It is presented in letterbox format . The sound is fortunately in very good stereo and gives finely wide-ranging reproduction of the piano timbres from the smallest pianissimo to the greatest fortissimo.On a desert island and short of a piano , this could well be one of the most rewarding discs of piano music that you could take . My personal opinion is that while this is well worth 5 stars as a musical grade , because of the recording compromises , 4 stars is probably a safer all-round guide for most purchasers .
 Imagine finding a magical kingdom in another world ... only to return over a thousand years later , and find it in ruins.That 's the whole idea of `` The Chronicles of Narnia
 `` Prince Caspian , '' the second installment in the `` Chronicles of Narnia '' series , takes place one year AND 1,300 years after `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe . '' The Kings and Queens of Narnia , Peter , Susan , Edmund , and Lucy , have only been absent from their kingdom for one year in London time . However , when they are suddenly called back to the magical world , they discover that 1,300 years have passed since their reign . The Narnia they knew is now in ruins , and the throne rightfully belongs to the young Prince Caspian -LRB- Ben Barnes -RRB- . Unfortunately , Caspian is on the run from his uncle Miraz -LRB- Sergio Castellitto -RRB- , who is determined to kill his nephew , take the throne for himself , and secure a royal future for his newborn son . Peter , Susan , Edmund , and Lucy eventually join forces with Caspian and attempt to reclaim the throne and restore Narnia to what it once was.I enjoyed this movie , but not nearly as much as the first film in the series . Part of the reason for that is because `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' has always been my favorite book in the C.S. Lewis series , so I knew `` Prince Caspian '' would n't measure up for me . However , I still think the film itself had some shortcomings . The filmmakers took more liberties with this film than with the last one . Certain things happen out of sequence , and other parts of the film were changed slightly just for the sake of changing them , which really bothers me . Also , the whole Susan/Caspian romance is NOT in the book , and it really pisses me off that Disney felt the need to throw some cheesy love story into the mix of things . -LRB- I also hated the sappy , crappy music that played at the end of the film . It was totally out of place . Yuck . -RRB- Still , there are a lot of positive things about the movie as well . The battle scenes are fantastic and the special effects are outstanding . Barnes and Castellitto are the stars of this movie , and they deliver very strong performances . Eddie Izzard provided the voice for Reepicheep the mouse , which was a pleasant surprise . One of my favorite scenes in the film is the one where the White Witch returns for a few minutes , and Tilda Swinton appears in a brief cameo . Liam Neeson also returns to provide the voice of Aslan , but the lion is absent from most of the film , and I remember him being present in the book a bit more ... why in the world would they cut Aslan 's scenes from the film ?! He 's the best part of the whole story!All things considered , `` Prince Caspian '' is a good movie , but it lacks some of the magic from the first `` Narnia '' film . Bummer .
 One year in England is equal to 1300 Narnian years , and after giving up their thrones and getting back to the school grind , the Pevensies are magically transported back to a Narnia that is unrecognizable to the place they had left just one year earlierThey arrive at the ruins of their former castle Cair Paravel , and find that the chests containing their personal effects and weapons still remain , hidden beyond a secret door . After a fortuitous rescue of the dwarf Trumpkin , they eventually make their way to Aslan 's How , a tomb built around the sacrificial stone table of movie one.While all this is going on , the Telmarine Prince Caspian is having a few domestic problems after his Uncle Miraz sires a son and heir , and decides that two princes spoil the plot . Assisted by his tutor , Caspian finds his way into the woods , where he meets the Narnians , long thought to be extinct.As you will have guessed , the Prince and the Pevensies join forces with the Narnians to oppose the heavily armed and armored Telmarine forces , and the majority of the movie revolves around the epic battles and skirmishes . Also in the movie , but played down to an extent , is the religious symbolism of the lion Aslan , and the simple faith of the youngest child , Lucy . The characters of Peter and Susan are left to learn from their mistakes , and Edmund finally comes into his own.I found the movie to be dark and somewhat violent , and even though there 's no blood visibly shed on screen , it 's pretty obvious that many characters die in one way or another . Personally I have no problem with that , but I 'd consider the level of maturity of a child before allowing them to watch this movie.Mostly faithful to the book , this movie is all about the action.Short Attention Span Summary -LRB- SASS -RRB- :1 . One year of school can feel like 1300 years in Narnia2 . Absence makes the Telmarines grow stronger3 . A king is born - time to get rid of the competition4 . Caspian - out ! 5 . The woods are lonely , dark and deep , and Caspian makes promises he wants to keep6 . Pevensies take the long road home , after not believing Lucy 's lion7 . Caspian meets the Pevensies8 . Inter-species and human violence ensues9 . Epic battle scenes dominate the movie10 . Grand finale and a new beginningAmanda Richards , May 24 , 2008
 There are probably two camps who will be interested in this ` Narnia ' sequel
 I see a mixed bunch of reviews either great to the extreme or bad to the extreme I on the one hand love the movie . It is much better tha the book , the book is a little dull . But everyone has their opinions as to what they like so do n't listen to the reviews here , watch it and judge for yourself .
 First , I will start off by saying that if you are a Book Nazi , this movie is NOT for you . There are a lot of changes to the plot and some additional scenes added , as well as the Susan and Caspian romance -LRB- UGH - but more on that later -RRB- . There is quite a bit removed and shuffled around in order for it to work as a film . But the thing is , it still works as a story . It 's not perfect , but it is good.As a huge fan of the books and the first film , I was eagerly anticipating this one and was -LRB- mostly -RRB- not disappointed . True , there are significant differences in character development and the pacing of the story , but I think those changes work for the best . One such change is Peter 's decision to attack the castle . Now , I know that this seems out of character for him , but if you really think about it , he 's a kid eager to prove himself and also on his guard because of a new rival -LRB- Caspian -RRB- . He 's going to want to show that he really is King Peter the Magnificent . Well , he fails , of course , but it was still an incredibly well-done and tragic scene . William Moseley got some flack for being a little wooden in the first movie ... well , just watch this scene , particularly toward the end . He 's more than earned his acting stripes , in my opinion.Everything is better this time around
 Imagine finding a magical kingdom in another world ... only to return over a thousand years later , and find it in ruins.That 's the whole idea of `` The Chronicles of Narnia
 I loved reading these books and I loved the movie . Prince Caspian is an adventure and an action movie . It 's a great sequel to the first . I loved the land they were in , the woods were beautiful . The cast are very good actors and the costumes were awesome ! Anyone who liked the first movie will love the sequel . The villains are wonderfully created and the Pevensie children are as good as in the first movie .
 `` The Chronicles of Narnia
 In ` Prince Caspian ' we return to an altered and savage Narnia and more fantasy adventure to delight the family . You get great affects , battle scenes , talking animals and a pretty close rendition of the book . I have to say that I found this more enjoyable than ` The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe ' with the slightly darker elements to the story fitting the fantasy adventure theme a lot better . The children stars of this film annoy me as actors and Prince Caspians accent reminded me of Puss in Boots from Shrek at times , but overall the acting was OK and did n't detract from the story . It manages to achieve what it set out to , that is , a fun family adventure and manages to keep you interested and watching for the duration , which did n't feel overly long as the story kept pushing forward . A good film that is worth watching if you were a fan of the first installment or of fantasy films in general.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 I am a HUGE fan of CS Lewis Narnia Chronicles . I read them as a child and reread them routinely . This second production -LRB- Prince Caspian -RRB- took some liberties I did n't really care for , but in a general way it was good . IF you have kids , FIRST try to get them to read the books . I ca n't imagine seeing these movies without having read them . CS Lewis is also the author of many GREAT Christian books . ` Screwtape Letters ' is another GREAT book by Mr. Lewis and has a lot of humor , along with very clear issues with the `` other side '' for us older children .
 The second installment in the Narnia franchise -LRB- the filmmakers are apparently following the chronological publication order of the books rather than their order in Narnian history -RRB- maintains the high quality of the firstThe Chronicles of Narnia - The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- and actually improves upon the book it was based on . It 's been a year since we last saw the four Pevensie children , the Battle of Britain is over , and London is safe enough for them to go back there -- or at least to pass through on their way to boarding school . But Peter -LRB- William Moseley -RRB- , in particular , finds it difficult to forget that he was a High King in Narnia for 15 years or so . Then unknown magic draws them back to the land they once ruled -- only to find that centuries have passed there , their castle of Caer Paravel is a forgotten ruin , and Narnia has been conquered by the neighboring Telmarines , who have succeeded in driving the Old Narnains -- dwarves , fauns , talking animals , centaurs , and the rest -- into hiding . The sole hope they have for freedom is the young prince , Caspian -LRB- Ben Barnes -RRB- , whose uncle and guardian , Miraz -LRB- Sergio Castellitto -RRB- , has recently ordered him killed upon fathering a son of his own and seizing the throne . Caspian , it turns out , has summoned the Pevensies back by means of Susan 's -LRB- Anna Popplewell -RRB- ivory horn -- and is a bit disappointed to find out that they 're only children . But Narnia 's magic is working on them already , and they may be a greater help to him than anyone knows.Once again , if you 've read the book , you know what to expect in the way of plot . The story might have benefited from giving us all the background on Caspian and his tutor , Dr. Cornelius -LRB- Vincent Grass -RRB- , who was largely responsible for teaching him the true history of Narnia and inspiring him to want to rule it properly . But it 's definitely improved by a non-canonical attempt on the part of the Old Narnian army to seize Miraz 's castle in the dark of night and make him a prisoner -LRB- watch for the gryphons being used , as they were in the first film , as a Narnian airborne auxiliary -- almost certainly something Peter or Edmund -LRB- Skandar Keynes -RRB- thought of -RRB- , and by a hint of attraction between Caspian and Susan . Castellitto is a wonderful villain with a touch of the exotic , and , of course , the effects are dazzling , especially the battle scenes and the Old Narnians -LRB- Reepicheep -LRB- voiced by Eddie Izzard -RRB- , the swashbuckling Talking Mouse , is an utter delight , and be sure to keep your eye open for the very young , and very proud , centaur colt who 's part of the triumphal arch of swords with which they salute the four returned Kings and Queens -RRB- . Liam Neeson returns as the excellent voice of Aslan . Though perhaps more savage and violent than the book , it 's also much more exciting and faster-paced . The third entry , `` The Voyage of the Dawn Treader , '' is scheduled to be released around Christmastime and should be just as good .
 I have never seen this series - `` The Chronicles of Narnia '' . I caught the end of the Prince Caspian , where Regina Spektor sings ` THE CALL '
 The music was perfect . I think , if its possible , they use the surrounding scenery to an even more dramatic effect then in the first movie . The attention to detail was excellent . It was a world you could live in and believe in . The actors were superb and that included the voice actors for the animals . I found it a very good story and one that gives you plenty to talk about , and think on .
 Found this movie to be excellent . I had a great time watching it with my daughter and husband as well .
 The Chronicles of Narnia
 Some sequels do not carry the intensity and glory of their pilot movies . This movie definitely does . The main characters are all back and they are involved in an attempt to restore Narnia to its formal glory . The action is top notched and the story grips you from the beginning . The blu-ray version looks great and the sound is crisp and intense . Although some of the movie is not actually in C.S. Lewis ' novel , it still stays true to the story line and fans of the beloved series will love this movie . I ca n't wait until the third movie release . Bring it on !!!
 Many have said that this deviated away from the oriinal book written by CS Lewis . If any of you had done research on the making of the movie you would find out that one of the reasons had to do with the fact that in the book Caspian and the Provensie children do n't meet till toward the end of the story , but the reason Disney decided to give them more interaction was because they felt it would help the movie goers to connect with Caspian who was a new chracter being introduced to the story . Another change adding the White Witch why did they do this to remind people of the orginal movie , not that we needed to be reminded , yes The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe was a superior movie , mainly because it was well a superior book when you think about it . Caspian is a good continuation in book form and in movie form , even if liberties were taken . As for those who complained not enough Aslan , tell me just what do you want , read the book again , he is hardly in it either , but mentioned same as in the movie . Although my favorite scene by far in Caspian is when Lucy is finally reunited with Aslan , a beautiful and touching scene . I look forward to the Dawn Threader , even if Disney takes liberties , if they do I 'm sure it would only be for what they feel is best for the story onscreen .
 I love this story , and the movie also , extra information made the DVD set valuable
 Thank you . Good deal and Good price.The Chronicles of Narnia
 This was a purchase for family movie night . I was very pleased my husband even enjoyed watching !
 I enjoyed both movies and each had things that made for a good family film .
 I like this movie quite a bit . I feel like it is more suspensful and has more action than first movie.The blu-ray picture is fantastic . One of the best I 've seen .
 I was very pleased with my purchase of `` The Chronicles of Narnia '' in blu-ray format . I found the picture and sound to be of the highest quality . I have no complaints about my purchase .
 I really enjoyed this movie . The sound effects are great . It 's way more intense than the first one . I have n't read any of the books but , I would really like for there to be another movie . I believe the it has a really sad ending . All in all , it 's a good flick . Watch it today if you like fantasy .
 It was a great choice between BD and DVD , of course I bought the BD . As you all know the quality is far more better than regular DVD . The movie had a pretty good opening to and it was very catchy . Story has a pretty good plot to it but it was n't as good as the first movie . there were more action on the first movie compared to this . All in all it was a great and fun movie to watch .
 I did n't get a chance to see Prince Caspian in the theaters , so I decided to buy it online . We laughed at the clever antics of the Narnians , gasped at the battle scenes , and loved it !
 this is an excellent movie , first bluray we have ever watched and all I have to say is wow !
 The disc arrived in perfect condition and plays perfectly . It was a wonderful adaptation of the book .
 I enjoyed this film very much . I am certainly aware of many deviations from Lewis 's story ; still I thought it captured the essentials
 this is best movie and would like to purchase the full dvd collector edition of narnia and band of brothers .
 it was ok but all my friends say that this one is for the die-hard fans of the book and movie and i agree .
 Version
 Disney never fails to stun me with thier awesome movies . this sequel to the narnia is awesome it is alot better than the original movie . this movie is great i ca n't wait to see voyage of the dawm treader and the silver chair
 I love the Narnia books and they are doing a fine job with the movies . I am looking forward to the next movie .
 I watch fantasy movies for the fantasy aspect . For some unknown reason , I have never read the Narnia series -LRB- although they do reside in my TBR mountain -RRB- , so my take on Prince Caspian reflects the fact that I look upon the plot not to see the faithfulness to the book but to see the continuity from Chronicles and the storyline as a whole.Peter becomes the brat-like teen boy I expected after no longer being High King , and I was not totally surprised to see Edmund reversing his prior role of trouble-maker and cleaning up after Peter . Susan 's aloofness was not so much her loss of position -- I have always seen her as the shyest and most reserved of the quartet ; it was quite nice to see her break free and begin to act more independently . Dear Lucy with her complete faith and certainty that all will be well no matter how dark things may seem does not come across as denial of reality -- it shows complete conviction in the ability of any man -LRB- or creature -RRB- to choose right over wrong . Prince Caspian showed a healthy skepticism of Peter just often enough to infer that he also felt out of his league some of the time ; all-in-all , a quite realistic portrayal of a young , untried monarch who really wants to do the right thing but is sometimes unsure what the right thing entails.This was definitely a darker tale . The battle scenes were not the only darkness prevailing thoughout and the glimpse of the White Witch was such a powerful reminder that not all help offered is help worth taking . I understand it is the second of a planned trilogy of movies , and I look forward to more .
 this movie when i saw it in the theaters was a very good movie . I believe if you liked the first one you 'll like this one even better . . worth getting . I 'll be getting it soon myself when I get the money to do so .
 Andrew Adamson and the team who produced `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' have surpassed themselves this time . All four of the actors who played the Pevensie children are brilliant and the film introduces Ben Barnes who is spellbinding as Caspian.If you enjoyed either the original book or the first film you will almost certainly love this adaptation.Apart from the five leads , other excellent performances come from Liam Neeson as the voice of Aslan and Eddie Izzard as Reepicheep , the leader of the talking mice - an incredibly difficult role to bring off because he has to be funny in places but also genuinely heroic . -LRB- If you 've not read the book , imagine a version of Antonio Banderas 's character from Shrek II except that where the swordfighting cat is 80 % comic and 20 % hero , Reepicheep the swordfighting mouse is 80 % hero and 20 % comic . -RRB- Warwick Davis is excellent as the black dwarf Nikabrak and Peter Dinklage is even better as the cynical but golden hearted dwarf Trumpkin.Previous reviewers have posted some excellent descriptions of the film from the viewpoint of a newcomer to Narnia , so I will add a few comments aimed at those who are familiar with the books but have not yet seen the film.Surprisingly , the film managed both to be reasonably true to the spirit of the book and also keep me in suspense , because the way the story was presented kept me thinking the film must be about to diverge from Lewis 's plot , though it usually did n't . In fact almost all the major events of the book eventually happened in the film in more or less the same way , along with most of my favourite details of the book , although the order of events is not quite the same.What 's missing
 The movie was decent . The creatures were very good . The scenery was good . For the most part , the deviations from the plot of the book were understandable . However , the whole Aslan revealing himself to the children , first to Lucy , then to Edward , then Susan and Peter was really key to the whole plot and lessons to be learned from the story . Lewis was trying to tell a good story , but he was passing on spiritual truths of Christianity as well . Edward , gets a `` Well Done '' from Aslan in the book because he trusted Lucy this time . The movie missed this `` walk of faith '' analogy almost completely . Although it did have Edward redeeming himself so to speak in a scene that is n't in the book.Oh well , the movie kept a lot of the good scenes of the books . I enjoyed it and I 'll have to watch it again . Some of the changes were good . Even though PC was mainly about the war to free Narnia , I think they played up the battle too much . It will be interesting to see how they handle `` The Horse and His Boy '' , which only has one battle and `` Dawntreader '' that has no battles.One other thing that ticked me off , Aslan sends Peter and Susan back , if memory serves , and tells them that they must learn to seek him there -LRB- back in England -RRB- . The movie skips that part , which I thought was a key lesson from the book.The movie introduced a romance between Caspian and Susan . I think that was cool.In summary , the movie was good , but it could have been so much better . It 's a children book and it feels like they are ramping up the action for adults . However , it 's the adults that can take the subtlety . By the way , my friend from England thought the movie was better than the Lion , the Witch and Wardrobe .
 A friend saw it first and commented how disappointed she was that they added the romance and fight scene at the end . My conclusion exactly . Contemporary needs override book . For us true Narnians , this is disappointing . The book is just plain better . You get the gist of the effort more , the struggle for the Old Narnia!This being said up front , the overall movie was solid and entertaining , with the exception of just too much of the fight scene detail , which of course Lewis did not emphasize in his work . Not his mission . Would have thought the co-producer Gresham would have vetoed such `` hollywoodizing . '' Good acting , voices for Reepicheep and Trufflehunter , and CG so good ! Scenery was gorgeous ! Soundtrack great!Really enjoyed the extra features here , especially Adamson 's comments on the whole epic
 Disney has unleashed another fantastic chapter from the Chronicles of Narnia.Now `` Prince Caspian '' , does not follow the book of the same name as loyally as the first did . Instead we dig in much deeper into the depression of Narnia and get a few spectacular battle scenes . This film is a lot darker and less magical than the first , it is however so much more meaningful.Clearly this movie breaks out from the clean cut `` the Lion , With & the Wardrobe '' . It crosses territory only `` Lord of The Rings '' had before and it proves to be an excellent effort . As a sequel it 's good but on a stand-alone its classic.This is a must own . Any other negative review only deals with the fact that it 's not page-by-page from the book and that it 's not as magical as the first ... but really like Aslan said `` Things Never Happen The Same Twice '' and chances are most of the generic public never read Prince Caspian -LRB- which btw is not one of the most popular books and also lacks any real action -RRB- . This blu-ray edition is fantastic . One of the best blu-ray 's ever release , the PQ is amazing and it comes with a fantastic never dull umcompressed 7.1 mix . This is demo material and the 3rd disc is a digital copy .
 I saw This film in theaters and I loved it . I was a bit upset that they added a romance between Caspian and Susan though , I felt it just did n't fit with what C.S. Lewis had written . But besides that I would recommened this movie to anyone who loved The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe .
 The second part of this movie is so exciting I am so impressed . Of course , there are some violent scenes that should not play in the movie , however it is way to draw children to pay attention to watch . I wish they are going to release movie earlier so that I can see it over and over . Very fascinated and well-done Wal-Disney film .
 I really love this movie , i love all about narnia and i cant wait to see the next movie .
 It is n't often that a movie adaptation of a book outdoes the source material -LRB- I defy anyone to prove that The Lord of the Rings films are superior to the books -RRB- . However , unlike the novel , which reads like a bad history lesson , Prince Caspian The Movie is a stirring and wonderful fantasy film.Some people might prefer the kinder and gentler prequel , The Lion , The Witch , and the Wardrobe . But the sequel is a much more thrilling movie to watch . There is hardly a moment when there is n't some bit of action taking place on the screen . Where the first Narnia movie welcomed us to a winter wonderland ruled by an evil witch , Prince Caspian takes the story into a darker realm and shows us a Narnia in chaos . The cause ? The arrival of human-beings who despise the original inhabitants of Narnia and has waged a war to wipe them completely from existence . In the absence of the original kings and queens of Narnia -LRB- the 4 Pevensie children -RRB- and the Christ-like Lion , Aslan , Narnia has fallen into ruin and has become a place of darkness where even the mere mention of its original inhabitants can lead to one 's imprisonment or death.This is where Prince Caspian comes to the rescue . Desperate to save Narnia from the dark ambitions of his cruel uncle , Miraz , Prince Caspian uses a magic horn to summon the Pevensie children from our world and back to Narnia hoping that they can restore peace to Narnia as they had done once before in the days of the rule of the White Witch.Prince Caspian is a film loaded with epic battle sequences -LRB- albeit bloodless -RRB- and foregoes some of the first film 's gentle qualities to immerse audiences in a Narnia teetering on the brink of absolute lawlessness.I was a little disturbed by the amount of violence in the movie especially considering that this is supposed to be a children 's movie . But this seems to be more of a problem with our culture which currently finds itself increasingly marketing inappropriate material to young audiences.The performances by the Pevensie children William Mosley , Anna Popplewell , Skandar Keynes , and Georgie Hensley are up to the task . But the stand out performace in the film goes to Peter Dinklage who does a wonderful job endearing audiences as Trumpkin the Dwarf . Also , notable here is newcomer and former stage actor Ben Barnes who plays the role of Prince Caspian.I would recommend this film to all fantasy lovers out there , both young and old . In many respects , this is one of the best children 's movies ever made . I would put it up there with the best of them . It 's definitely superior to Eragon , The Spiderwick Chronicles , The Seeker , and a number of recently released children 's fantasy films . Only Harry Potter and His Dark Materials -LRB- if The Golden Compass sequels ever get made -RRB- can claim to be a better series . Although a few notable people involved with the first two movies will not appear in any future films , the future is bright for the Narnia series if the filmmakers can continue to produce high quality films like Prince Caspian . I 'm already growing antsy waiting on the arrival of the next Narnia entry
 One year after they returned to their normal lives in England , the Pevensie children return to Narnia , this time to help Prince Caspian -LRB- Ben Barnes -RRB- , a Telmarine prince , defeat his usurping uncle and restore peace and order to Narnia.All of the newspaper reviews that I have read of this film , and of its predecessor , `` The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe '' have been very mediocre , and I do n't understand why . I thoroughly enjoyed both of these movies and consider them to be among the best of the wave of children 's fantasy movies that have appeared in cinemas , following the success of the `` Harry Potter '' and `` Lord of the Rings '' films . In fact , I preferred the Narnia films to the both of these above-mentioned series . I thought they were considerably more exciting and thought the children to be far more realistically portrayed than Harry Potter and his friends . `` Prince Caspian '' is essentially a war film and the film mostly comprises a series of battles . In other hands , over two hours of cinematic battles could be the sort of thing to put some audience members to sleep , from the sheer repetitiveness of what is going on , but writer/director Andrew Adamson brings enough variety to the action and also includes enough character interaction between the battles to maintain the audience 's attention and to make them care about whether our heroes actually win or not.Be aware , in most countries this movie has a PG -LRB- or equivalent -RRB- rating , which suggests that this film is suitable for children . Although there is no swearing or sex , and no one actually bleeds in any of the battles , there are many elements to this film that could potentially disturb young children . When I saw this film , a family with young children was sitting behind me , and one of the children spent the film sitting in his mother 's lap , hiding is face from the monsters and other `` scary '' creatures that were appearing on the screen .
 Really the definitive adaptions of Narnia continue , with a vision remarkably true to the story which is quite a feat in any big budget adaption.The themes of CS Lewis are strong and not ` dumbed down ' despite being transposed in the adaptation , and from the again fine choices in casting all round to fantastic production , it 's just a rarely wonderful fantasy film . `` It 's different everytime '' when you return to Narnia and is n't that great!Andrew Adamson surely must be at the peak of his powers as everything about these Narnia films seems to be at the right time at the right place in my estimation - it 's one fault is a mis-guided big end battle narrative that while well done does n't fit the film but fortunately this can be chapter skipped to the next beat pretty much on the mark of Lucy finding Aslan in the forest for a wonderful conclusion . The the soundtrack is n't as memorably as the first , as the re-use of some of the first outings great themes are in evidence although their are some nice new themes too - the castle raid with the mice being a highlight for that.A great film experience that again entranced me from the opening to the end ... as i thought it would . Why would n't you want to go adventuring in Narnia ?
 This was a good movie , I saw the first one , and this one is better than the first one . I would recommend everyone to see it .
 This movie is great !!! And that comes from someone who really disliked the first . The effects are much improved the acting is great and I wold recommend it to anyone .
 this was a great movie if you like the narnia series.My teenage daughter has watched it tons of times.Best surprise was it comes with a code so you can download this movie for free onto your ipod.well worth the investment .
 The movie was nice and we decided to buy the DVD for collection purposes . Amazon just helps to make the purchase experience a smooth and enjoyable one .
 It is a good movie overall , but way too predictable and after seeing the first movie , it was a step down . I would recomend the movie . It was worth the money .
 My child loved this-me , not so much . Very elaborate and well-made movies but when it 's over , I came away with little in terms of lasting impressions .
 This has been a source of enjoyment to our whole family . We love to watch the indepth interviews and behind scene action.This is a great product !
 Ok , this is a wonderful movie ... The two chronicles movies are my absolute favorite movies ... I saw it in the theatre on opening weakend . I am a huge fan . This 3 disc collectors edition was money WELL SPENT . It has hours of behind the scenes , which is what i like . . . . the only problem was , The dvd came , in a non-padded envelope , and the the whole dvd case was cracked and broken . I am surprised the discs were not harmed ... Oh well . It was worth the money . . I just wish that it had been better and more properly shipped
 This was good to watch as a marathon with the whole family . One of the disc , maybe # 2 , did n't seem to work at first . But we tried it again and let it stay in the player for over a minute and then it started working . -LRB- A minute is a long time in this day and age of instant gratification . -RRB-
 This was a great movie , although not quite as good as the first one . I would still recommend for those Narnia lovers to buy it , just be prepared to be slightly confused from the skipping of books and information . It all makes sense at the end , but you may have to watch it several times for everything to fit with the first movie . If you 've read the books , it 's no problem , except if you 're like me and have n't read the books since you were in 4th grade . Still good though , love to see where the kids end up .
 Yes , I do believe I liked this version better than the first . It 's for my daughter , but mom and dad always check 'em out . Pretty good price at Amazon ! -- Norm in Texas
 My children and I enjoyed the movie for the most part with the animals actually looking like animals . But , we were all quite disappointed and a little bit disgusted that the movie makers once again had to put something in that did n't belong and was n't even needed . I am referring to the budding romance between Susan and Prince Caspian . Please ! Why was that necessary . Why do children 's movies have to fill the need that adults have for sexual undertones -LRB- or overtones for that matter -RRB-
 Product delivered in a very timely manner . Product was as advertised . Very Satisfied with the Service .
 More than a thousand years after the end of the first film , Prince Caspian -LRB- Ben Barnes -RRB- , the rightful heir of Telmarine , flees for his life from his usurping uncle -LRB- Sergio Castellitto -RRB- and makes common cause with the remnants of the Narnians , who live hidden in the forest . When they call for help , the four Pevensies -LRB- Georgie Henley , Skandar Keynes , William Moseley , and Anna Popplewell -RRB- are magically summoned from England to resume their roles as the defenders of Narnia.Those who have read C.S. Lewis 's gentle parables may be jarred by the shift in atmosphere . This is a dark , grim , and scary film , which did n't bother me but may give some parents pause . I enjoyed the scenes of court intrigue among the nobles of Telmarine , but children would probably be bored . There are some very lengthy and violent battle scenes that were glossed over in the novel but take up the lion 's share of screen time here . These are not necessarily criticisms , just warnings to those who expect director Andrew Adamson and his co-scripters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely to remain true to the spirit of the books . I found this film to be overlong but exciting .
 A very good story . Gave my copy away and bought this to replace it . Thanks
 Got this for a steal and loved the movie . It looked brand new , just a glitch in the middle of the movie , but nothing that could n't be fixed .
 I think I enjoyed this movie more than the first Narnia . I 've seen it probably 20 times and still enjoying watching it . There are some things that were added that were not in the book but overall I think it was a great film . Ben Barnes did an excellent job playing `` Prince Caspian '' and also Sergio Castellitto who played `` King Miraz '' . I also liked the Narnian characters like the gallant mouse `` Reepicheep '' and the cynical dwarf `` Trumpkin '' . They were a nice addition to the cast since it was hundreds of years later and the beavers were long gone . Overall , a movie the whole family will love to watch . I highly recommend it .
 I love these books , and I love the films just as well . I 'm so glad that Amazon has it available for instant viewing ! I 'd recommend this film or any other in their series to anyone of any age . Wonderful !
 My childhood I loved -LRB- i still do -RRB- the Chronicles of Narnia . I was swept away into worlds dangerous , and often layered in symbolism . I love absutltly love Laim Nelson the man who is ASLAN ! : DThings i dont like
 Having been a previous fan of the books I was initially disappointed by the changes made to the story . But as with repeated viewings I realized that if you just put the book on film it would have been a VERY boring anticlimactic mess of a film -LRB- Nothing against the book , I love it . But books and film are 2 totally different medians -RRB- And the story is n't all that changed -LRB- No more then the LOTR -RRB- , yes there are a lot of changes but most of them were for the better or just plain neutral . Scenes like the castle attack were necessary to add something to the middle of the film and it really matures the series , raising the stakes -LRB- The Narnians can actually lose ! -RRB- and making it much for convincing as a real place . I really liked how they portrayed the Telmarines , they were very convincing as a civilization . And the actor for Miraz was amazing!There are some changes that I hate such as the Caspian-Susan romance and Peter 's spoiled brat attitude , though they make some scenes unpleasent the do not ruin the film for me.Overall it 's not as good of an adaptation as LWW but it 's still a great film in it 's own right .
 definitely the best of the 3 movies . the first one is second best . CS Lewis gives an awesome underlying message through these stories .
 I got this series for my Daughter , she loves the entire series . . I find this quite entertaining we have watched this second movie twice since it arrived
 it 's great movie . . with great transfer video dan audio from standart to high definition . with 2 disc bd and 1 digital copy it 's great option to have than narnia dawn treader . a lot of bonus feature from disc 2 makes you have a lot experience .
 The Chronicles of Narnia
 I ordered this dvd for my little sister for Christmas . The movie itself played just fine , and though I did get a great deal on the item , would it kill the seller to ship it in a dvd case that is n't broken and dirty as can be ? I had to replace the dvd case in order to give it as a present .
 This is a great story about the classic battle of good versus evil . Well written , beautiful views and adventure to keep kids interested . My kids also like the talking Narnian animals . If you like the Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe , you will like this also . The next one is the Voyage of the Dawn Treader , another well loved `` Chronicle '' in the series : -RRB-
 Well done , as are all of the movies in this series . CS Lewis 's books have layers of meaning . The movie is intense -LRB- not for small children -RRB- , but clean .
 I thorougly enjoyed watching the Chronicles of Narnia movies . They are greatly entertaining and the 3D amazing . Recommended for the whole family .
 Good movie . We were excited to watch this one after watching the first one . Very action packed but definitely for the whole family .
 I love out the complex plot and the puzzle of events would unfold through this story . 5 stars for the adults -LRB- myself and my wife -RRB- . My kids &#34; liked &#34; it , but they had trouble getting through it because you needed to see how it fit together . Of the 3 Narnia movies , all through are great movies , but L-W-W and V-D-T are better as total family movies .
 Great product . Brand new item at a great price ! I would highly recommend this deal to anyone ! A great purchase !
 The narnia movies are a favorite of our family , we love to watch them together . It makes for a great family night in and we added it to our collection .
 Our family loves all the Narnia movies . This was just as great as all the others ! Amazon is awesome for movies !
 Absolutely wonderful movie ! C.S. Lewis ' movies are divinely inspirational and its wonderful to once again see movies where , &#34; The Lion of Judah &#34; is the main character !!!
 The DVD was like brand new . The item was shipped and delivered within a week .
 Since we love the Chornicles of Narnia , this one is just as good as the first one.We now own the 2 set , thanks to you .
 I love CS Lewis and the Narnia series . This movie was better than the first , I downgraded it one star because they deviated from the books , I understand why they did it , but it will make it harer in future movies to stay true to the story line .
 Prince Caspian is full of action , horses , swordfights , adventure , kings and queens , and a magical land . The battle scenes are awesome and it outdoes the first -LRB- Although the Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe was very good too -RRB- . The storyline is pretty close to the book , and what was added only made the movie better . The night raid , for instance , is one of the highest points of the film . However , I think the romance between Caspian and Susan was cheesy and was a direct consequence of having Disney involved . Besides that , the graphics , music , and acting were amazing.I 've seen Prince Caspian several times , and it always leaves me inspired . A great movie for any time !!
 i like the dvd a lot . however , the return kinda sucks . i got very little money back .
 The DVD came in very timely fashion , and in very good shape . Thanks for the great service !
 Chronicles of Narnia Prince Caspian was another solid movie in the Narnia series . The same favorite characters are intertwined in another excellent story that takes place only 1 year in real world time and hundreds of years in Narnian time from the Lion , Witch and Wardrode . The epic takes us on a journey where Narnia is completely different than it once was . Now it is essentially a world in the Middle Ages with conflict rising because of the lack of leadership in Narnia.The journey is very different from the first which is great because it is a completely new world that we have n't seen . It is not like Lord of the Rings where it is simply a continuation of the story . Aslan does not show up nearly as often as the children battle each other on whether or not Aslan has left them to take care of everything on their own.It is another great adventure and well worth the time spent watching .
 The movie was very good . It was close to the book . I think the first movie was better .
 `` The Chronicles Of Narnia
 parents take note . even though this movie was made by Disney like its predecessor THE LION THE WITCH AND THE WARDROBE does n't mean that it 's still appropriate for all ages . the storyline is much darker as it deals with treachery and treason and the thirst for vengeance . the fight scenes are pretty intense as there are numerous casualties . those expecting Aslan to be in the whole movie might be disappointed but he does come back at a crucial point . The brothers/sisters are left on their own as they forge an uneasy alliance with Prince Caspian . Parents should see this movie first before deciding on whether or not to allow children aged 12 and under to go . if it was up to me i 'd rate it PG-13 like the Pirates Of The Caribean movies were . thank you for your time in reading this .
 With More Action and Violence in The Chronicles of Narnia
 First , I would like to say , that having read the books , I came in a little bit narrow-minded , but I try to be very open . Chronicles of Narnia , for me , is almost worse than watching a Harry Potter movie because I am so familiar with the story and mythology behind the books.In the film , the story begins with a birth , the birth of Prince Caspian 's uncle 's first son , which means he can kill off Caspian so that his son can have the throne . Prince Caspian then runs off on horseback and goes into the forest of Narnia where he runs into a badger and two dwarfs , and blows a horn to summon the kings and queens of old . Of course , we also see Lucy , Edmund , Peter , and Susan as they are going about their daily lives wondering whether or not they will ever go back to Narnia . It is , just as they are wondering this that they are pulled back into to Narnia . They soon find that quite some time has passed since they were Kings and Queens in Narnia and things are not as peaceful and pleasant as they were when they left.It is sad to say that this almost seems like a lesser version of Lord of the Rings , but it does . This does not make it a bad film . There are many battle sequences inserted in the movie not originally in the book and feel like they were put in to cash in on Lord of the Rings , but the film still has almost just as much violence as Lord of the Rings . One of the major things that keeps it from really feeling like its own movie is the fact that they left out a lot of the magical creatures from the book , and brought in Aslan far too late . Aslan in the book comes in much earlier , and it never fully explained why Peter , Susan , and Edmund could n't see Aslan at first either.This movie almost could have earned a PG-13 rating because of the adult themes of power struggles within in the family and murder conspiracies . This is not light stuff , and I would not take anyone under ten to see it , it is quite violent , but there are so many redeeming qualities that I would n't throw the baby out with the bath water either.These were the most frustrating points for me , but overall , the film was well-acted , well-filmed , good script , good effects , and was fairly evenly paced . Part of the problem of filming these books is that in general , not a whole lot goes on . The books are very casual in tone , and not quite as engrossing as say Harry Potter , but that does n't mean the story they tale is any less engaging , and the battle sequences and character changes in Peter were totally unnecessary.I do hope that they continue filming these because it would be marvelous to see all seven books filmed . I very much enjoyed seeing the children more grown up , I am glad they came back for the `` Voyage of the Dawn Treader '' as that is my favorite book in the series . Next time Disney , cash in more on C.S. Lewis ' wonderful world and the quirky characters and fanciful ideas ! : DGod Bless ~ Amy
 If you are a Narnia fan , it is excellent ! It was a Christmas present , I really have nothing to add .
 This is an allegory that helps us better understand the giants we face in life , our fears and our dependency on one another . It is an outstanding movie with great background scenery and sound effects .
 This series is masterfully done . The acting and CG effects are wonderful and you often forget that 99 % of this is CG its done so well .
 My son and my neice and nephew fell in love wiht this movie . Teh have watched pry a hundred times . There favorite is azland the lion . This made an awesoem gift . Thanks .
 This is the 2nd installment of the movie adaptations of C.S. Lewis ' Chronicles of Narnia . In this , much of our beloved characters have returned along with a few new faces as well.After being away for awhile , the Pevensie children find themselves being whisked back to Narnia and dumped on to what once was their home . Realizing that it is hundreds of years later , they wonder why they have been brought back . When they rescue a dwarf and learn that a Prince is trying to free the Narnians from years of oppression they know they have to help . But Aslan is n't around to help as much this time , and their foe seems unbeatable.Characters : William Moseley
 I will say this - the books top the films hands-down , but that does not mean the movies are bad . Special effects are nice , and despite the differences between movie and book , this is still a good movie . Not everyone is going to love it , but I found it an enjoyable film , and the actor who played Caspian did a nice job . I also liked the scene in the beginning that explained why Miraz wanted Caspian dead , it offered a bit more depth than the one in the book .
 This is the 3rd Narnia Movie -LRB- 4th of the book series -RRB- filled with normal great special affects , action and a theme of good vs. evil . Two of the original four children get swept into Narnia with their brat cousin , re-uniting with their `` old '' friend Prince Caspian . The seven `` lords '' who served under the late Prince Caspian 's father have all disappeared motivating the kids and Caspian to go searching for them to the ends of the earth .
 As the previous film of `` The Chronicles of Narnia '' septalogy , `` Prince Caspian '' honours the original fantasy novel by Professor C. S. Lewis -LRB- 1898-1963 -RRB- with its high standard of acting , cinematography , special effects , and , of course , a good screen play . As the previous one did , this film grows on the viewer , and , when seen for the first time , although impressive and endearing , it is perhaps not as deeply successful as when seen repeatedly , allowing the viewer to better capture many beautiful details missed before .
 I am very pleased with my purchase . It was sent very quickly and in great condition . I will buy from this company again .
 Every thing was great my brother loved his Christmas presant and will enjoy it for years to come . Great movie .
 I love Narnia . I also loved this movie . The acting was great ! Although I hate how Peter has a proud , cool attitude through out the story . That kind of spoiled the movie for me ...
 I never tire of these stories in book or movie format . The movies are well done and stay true to the books . I highly recommend this and other Chronicles of Narnia movies in this series .
 The special effects are breathtaking . The story is spellbounding . I loved the books as a child and was not disappointed with the movie at all .
 this was bought for a gift . Im not sure how they liked it . It came in the mail in great time .
 My daughter is 7 and she loves this movie . The scenes are beautiful and the story is spellbinding . We have all three Chronicles movies and have read the books . It 's just a wonderful story .
 Our family loves this movie and the other two that have been made by Walden Media . If you like the books , you will love the movie !
 Loved the books . Love the movies even more . Will be buying after getting to see it on Amazon . Thank you !
 I grew up reading The Chronicles of Naria and thanks to the movies I even got my kids into reading them . Once they finish the book we see the movie , I have loved being able to share these stories with the next generation . This movie is very true to the book and just as captivating .
 Add the purchase of this movie to your copy of the book . Helps a child remember and love the timeless truths in a grand way .
 My name is Amy Williams . This is my second review . My first one was on Hercules . I ca n't make a review if I put over 13 , so I decided to just say `` a kid 's review . `` The Chronicles Of Narnia
 Wow . The special effects are incredible . This movie is so awesome . I did n't go see it in theaters because of it being considered a kids ' movie , but it 's not . I recently saw it on DVD and my God . It 's just stunning . It 's well acted , well lighted , the photography , imagery is just spectacular . The dramatic music makes it even more stirring and exciting . I think it 's the only movie that so far compares to The Lord of The Rings . All I can say , is if you want to be entertained and excited from beginning to end , get this movie , you wo n't be sorry . I ca n't say enough good things about it , it 's just one of the best movies I 've ever seen.The Chronicles of Narnia
 As with the first movie , I really enjoyed the second one . I ca n't come up with a single reason why I enjoyed it , but the plot , in my opinion , was great . The action kept me hooked from beginning to end.The only thing I would really complain about is the use of cliches -LRB- overused plot ideas -RRB- . The evil uncle kills his brother and tries to kill his nephew . Does that sound familiar ? It does to me -- The Lion King and the movie version of Ella Enchanted use the exact same theme . If you want something original , you might want to check out something else.But that 's really the only issue here -- I highly recommend this movie to all fantasy fans out there .
 First of all , a movie can never live up to the book or nostalgia , especially if you read the story as a child.With that said , I 'm highly aware of the differences between the book and the movie . It 's difficult to translate dancing trees , mythical Bacchus , and children released from stuffy institutions as a reawaking and renewed freedom of Narnia that only words and the power of imagination can explain . Winning a battle tells much more on a screen.The liberties taken to change the story for cinema worked well for visual presentation . Reality -LRB- at a PG level -RRB- was thrust into fantasy as the protagonist children struggle to save what they learned to love in Narnia while dealing with their own emotional conflicts rooted at home . I did n't care for the love interests between Susan and Caspian , but these film snippets will be a venue to explain Susan 's character change of heart that happens rather abruptly in another book - and hopefully will come to film.Prince Caspian is a delightful , exciting tale , but it 's not a rock-em-sock-em rollercoaser ride . Enjoy it for what it is - the retelling -LRB- and best to date -RRB- of the continuing children 's adventure in Narnia .
 While many were expecting The Chronicles of Narnia to be flops as films , no one would have expected the first instalment to be on of the highest grossers at the box office . Now with the second installment of hopefully 7 films the world of Narnia takes on a very different shape.The same actors who played the Pevense children are back to reprise their roles , but Narnia itself is no longer a world filled with fantastic creatures and magic . 1300 years after the defeat of the White Witch Narnia has been taken over by a ruthless leader who wants Narnia to be a. . . normal place . A place that will appear just as bland and ordniary everywhere else . It it now up to the Pevense children to return an rescue Narnia from this new menace and discover the true king of Narnia , Prince Caspain.I was very surprised by this film . Much like the first Narnia film it was not an incredible movie , but it was just as enjoyable and the atmosphere was a little more dramatic and mature . There is a lot of dramatic sword fights and meaningful moments between the characters and the new roles are played well by actors such as Eddie Izzard and Ben Barnes . Now we have to see what the next film will bring . There is new leadership for these future projects now that Disney as given the project to Fox . I am hoping that the rest of this story keeps the same elements that made the first two movies enjoyable .
 Classic 3-disk Chronicles of Narnia - Prince Caspian : I can only comment that the disk came 2-3 days after my order , so it was really delivered fast.Due to the combination of many situations over the past month we have been unable to watch the film , outtakes , etc. . I 'm sure the quality will be excellent , and I look forward to a breathing spell to watch it all .
 Oh , we love this movie !!! You are transported to another time with make believe animation . But it is more than that . While watching this movie you came to see how awesome God really is . When I saw the water rise up as though it were God I was breathless and filled with such awesome emotions and excitement of God . This is by far my favorite movie . I would recommend this to EVERYONE . You really get to know the characters and care about them . Usually the second movie lacks from the first , but that is not true in this case . This is just as good as the last . We watch it over and over again and never grow tired of it . Love it , love it , love it . You will too .
 Prince Caspian is a better movie than the critics might lead you to believe . If you are familiar with Michael Ward 's Planet Narnia , you will know that each of the Narnia books is written under the influence of one of the Medieval Planets . Prince Caspian celebrates Mars
 I have always been afraid to purchase used products online in fear of the condition I would receive them . However , this used DVD was in perfect condition , came in the original case , and I experienced no problems while watching it .
 If you want to find something that is not in the stores anymore , this is a great place to shop and you never leave your chair . Good price and great quality
 I had a blast watching Disney 's new episode of the beloved Narnia series . As in the first movie , it starts in an England torn by WWII . A mundane subway station magically becomes transport back to Narnia , which the children had left only a year earlier - but a mmillenium past , by that world 's calendar . Their arrival signals a heroic myth returned to life.The story thinly veils C. S. Lewis 's Christian allegory . Although I have n't read the books in years , I was surprised at how much of the Christ mythos came through . Secularists -LRB- like me -RRB- need not worry , though . The fantasy unfolds beautifully even if you ignore that aspect . The effect-masters bring Narnia 's population of centaurs , fauns , and other beings to life very convincingly , and the battle scenes carry all the excitement , drama , and scope one could wish . Even Susan , the older girl , joins the battle - despite long skirts , light armor , and a ladylike -LRB- but deadly -RRB- longbow , she does as well in close combat as any of the others . Lucy , the little one , truly turns the battle though . You 'll see for yourself . Just wait until her baby-fatted hand draws her tiny weapon against the entire invading army - the whole course the war changes at that moment.There 's no way to know , perhaps this does carry the thrill and majesty of Lewis 's vision of fiction . Either way , it gets the summer movie season off to a rousing start . -- wiredweird
 Peter , Susan , Edmund , and Lucy return to Narnia when a young prince uses Susan 's horn to call for help . Only 1 year has passed for the Pevensie children , but Narnia has aged over 1,000 years . The Narnians have been overcome by the Telmarines . And Prince Caspian 's evil uncle wants to destroy the last of the Narnians and become king himself.The Pevensie 's are again faced with challenges to their morals and convictions . They have gone through a lot of changes since the beginning of their first adventure to Narnia , and their character has grown as well . But as pivotal decisions are made , huge mistakes can cost the lives of the few Narnians left.Prince Caspian is a humble and brave young man , destined to rule Narnia . He is just and merciful , and has been raised to be leader that the Narnians need him to be . With a powerful message , this movie not only is dramatic and heart-felt , but has a deeper meaning that one does n't have to look far to see . Much more action-packed and suspenseful than its predecessor , The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe ; there is never a dull moment in Prince Caspian . Laced with a bit of humor and even a bit of budding romance , this installment veers several times away from the original book . But the changes are necessary to make a successful , longer movie.A movie for all ages , Prince Caspian has made it to my list of all-time favorites .
 This is a great movie to get on dvd and see in theaters . It is more darker and violent because the Narnian creatures have become endangered like and there 's an evil king who 's out to kill them . This is a movie for kids over 13 at least even though there 's no blood . I had a really good time watching it and I 'm sure you will too .
 THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA
 THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA
 I have never seen this movie . This was a good movie and the price was wayyy better . Awesome steal really . Arrived quickly and in a very timely matter .
 Full of action , cool war scenes , and engaging characters , `` Prince Caspian '' is by far the BEST NARNIA MOVIE YET !!! -LRB- and yes , I have seen all three several times ! -RRB- There is one scene with two ` things ' named Thirst and Hunger that is pretty ... well , scary for younger kids.Other than that , this is a great family film !
 Prince Caspian did not disappoint . Sure , like any movie made from a book , it did not stick true to the story , but it was pure entertainment for the whole family . One of the very creative ideas used were the accents of the creatures and people . The Centaurs with Carribean accents , the Telmarines with Spanish . It made it really feel like another world.Any movie that comes out well made , and that can be viewed by the whole family is welcome.Mike and Family
 When it came out on the `` big screen '' the film was not nearly as well receieved as The Lion , The Witch , and The Wardrobe was . I admit that when I first saw it , I thought it was not quite as complex as the first one . However , after watching it again -LRB- I bought this and The L , W&W so my children could see them before watching Dawn Treader at the theater -RRB- my opinion has changed . I greatly enjoyed this film , even with the differences from the book . -LRB- The differences from the books in each of the movies , including Dawn Treader , might disappoint faithful fans of C.S. Lewis , and I understand . Yet , in some ways , the differences provide for broadened ideas of how the same or similar truths can be told . -RRB-
 This is a great movie . It is very entertaining . I will look forward to seeing the other movies in this series !
 This is the sequel to the lion , the witch , and the wardrobe which was an awesome movie . I still remember when my aunty first bought me the Chronicles of Narnia book collection . Once I started reading the first book , I could n't stop and read the entire series in about a day and a half . Now that Prince Caspian is out , there are only five more to go . The next one is called Voyage of the Dawn Treader which will be just as good if not better than its predecessors . The only junk thing is waiting for it to come out !
 First of all , is this movie for kids ? Maybe . Most scenes are . However it would be good if parents would see this movie beforehand , because some of the action scenes are intense.I loved this movie from start to end . I 'm 23 years old , and I have read the Narnia books , and I thought this adaptation blew the book out of the water ! EXCELLENT ! The director really knew what he was doing on this movie . I loved the first movie , but this one is much much better.There is a lot of action scenes that are done very well , and are very breath taking whenever you see the different creatures in Narnia in battle.There is plenty of comedy , action , adventure , and also a love story . It has a little bit of everything . I do n't think they are going to beat this movie with the other ones however . I think this is Narnia at its best .
 To be written by an atheist , this one matches some monsters from the underworld . To be basically a children 's book , it is much too violent and the story for more mature viewers . The child actors have grown up pretty well -- better than those in the Harry Potter series -- and it was like seeing an old friend , but young children should not be taken to this movie . This must have been during one of C. S. Lewis ' lower depths of depression and mental ague .
 The movie is true to book and more ! This a Disney production and very well done - the scenery is esquisite and add to the film 's nuance . Those , who are familiar with the first movie -LRB- The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe -RRB- will appreciate this movie even more than the first . While the first movie took a while to get started , this movie takes off and never stops . This movie is suitable for all ages , though some of the younger children may not understand the story completely , though this movie enraptures and charms one 's soul to the extent that other movies fail .
 I really enjoyed the movie . Each time I see a Narnia movie I learn more about the books by C.S.Lewis . To me the movie seems so alive . The creative genius of this writer can truly be seen on screen .
 Very enjoyable movie that my family will enjoy over and over . It was a great movie for family movie night .
 Movies do n't get much better than this ! Excellent casting , plot , special effects , you name it . And all this with one of the least popular books in the Narnia series . My family , for one , is very disappointed that Disney has dropped the funding for the third movie in this series , `` Voyage of the Dawntreader '' . I guess Disney 's original vision for good family entertainment has taken a back seat to profit .
 this was an awesome movie . as good as the first one . will watch it many times .
 We saw the movie in the theater and -LRB- as we like C.S. Lewis ' works -RRB- decided to add it to our collection . It was a good family movie .
 Managed to get to see this particular film at the cinema and I really enjoyed it.It is a year since the Pevensey children were in Narnia , all are on their way back to boarding school , when they are pulled back into a world that they think they only left a year ago.However over 1000 years have passed in Narnia , they as the children of Adam have long been forgotten and for the moment their is no sign of Aslan.Peter , Susan , Edmund and Lucy are destined to fight for Narnia once more , but this time to put Prince Caspian on the throne , as his evil uncle wants to kill him and ensure that his son , only recently born will take over after him as regent.Peter at 16 years of age is an angry young man who is trying to find his place in the world , having been an adult for so long and then having to make the transition back to childhood , he is confused and resentful , he makes some misguided decisions which results in the death of many Narnians and only Lucy and Peter seem to have a grasp of what must be done , for even their old sister Susan is struggling to deal with her won losses , which include her childhood and the fact she will never return to Narnia.There are fantastic special effects , amazing battle sequences and some truly great characters , Peter Dinklage as the gruff but kindly dwarf Trumpkin is especially likable , and Warick Davies shakes off his good hearted Willow image when he turns into a Narnian who wants the ice queen back on the throne and tempts Prince Caspian to bring her back in order for him to have a powerful ally in the forthcoming battle.All in all a great sequel , and one I will be getting the DVD for when it comes out .
 One year after the events of `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' , Peter , Susan , Edmund , and Lucy find them drawn back into Narnia . 1300 years have passed there and their former castle is in ruins . They have been summoned by Prince Caspian -LRB- Barnes -RRB- , who is in hiding from his uncle , King Miraz -LRB- Castellitto -RRB- , who has marked him for death . If the Pevensie kids can help him reclaim his throne , all the creatures of the land will be able to live in peace . If not , Miraz will rule ruthlessly . `` Prince Caspian '' brings the Narnia series to the next level . The effects are improved , the action is improved , and the actors seem more comfortable in their roles . Ben Barnes , as the titular character , is average however . He lacks enough personality to make us care about Caspian , but that is a small quibble in an otherwise entertaining film . Director Andrew Adamson has learned from the first film and improved the finished product . Although rated PG , it is more in line with -LCB- G-13 fare due to a load of violence . That 's not a bad thing , just a warning . I recommend this film .
 This movie has stayed with me since viewing it days ago . There are many deeper issues below the surface of incredible scenery , special effects and excellent acting . I was especially impressed with the portrayal of Prince Caspian by britsh actor Ben Barnes . It lives up to the first installment of the series easily but definitely engages more humor . Definitely worth repeat viewings ! Highly recommended !
 While I realise this was not pure C. S. Lewis , I think this film was true to the spirit -LRB- especially the Christian spirit -RRB- of his books . In fact I have found the two movies in this series to be charming and well-made . Aside from this , I find them to be in some ways more vibrant and compelling than Lewis ' often wooden tales . I hope many will see this movie -- consider it a vote for good family entertainment . For , in these movies we seldom experience anything approaching the self-indulgence and brattiness found in the Harry Potter films , or the frantic pacing , slang dialogue , raunch and general noise of the Disney/Pixar movies . As for the story , it is a simple good-vs-bad tale . There is no lengthy quest involved -- the kings and queens merely need to rally the Narnians to repell an occupying army -- but the characters keep us engaged and they are convincingly played by the actors .
 My childhood love of books was first ignited by the Chronicles of Narnia . I was swept away into worlds fanciful , dangerous , and often layered in symbolism . Until a few years ago , I never thought films could capture what I experienced in my own imagination . `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' was a pleasant surprise . Talking animals , the faun , and the magic of the wardrobe were all brought to life with amazing detail and warmth -- or , in the case of the White Witch , chill . Despite enjoying the movie , it seemed to lack a bit of the grittier side I remembered from my own reading . `` Prince Caspian '' adds that element I found missing in the first movie . Yes , it deviates from the original book quite a bit , but in all honesty , this was my least favorite book of the seven chronicles . Although liberties are taken , I believe they stay true to the heart of C.S. Lewis 's writings , and they tell a stronger , more epic story . The romance element is not as heavy-handed as some have implied , and it does seem slightly forced , and yet it too seems like something possible for sons of Adam and daughters of Eve who are getting older in their Narnian roles.From fast-paced chases , attacks , escapes , and eventually a large-scale battle with some fun effects , `` Prince Caspian '' is great entertainment . I ca n't wait for the release of `` Voyage of the Dawn Treader , '' possibly my favorite of this series of books . Sure , there will be parts that challenge my own interpretation of the story , but there will be others -- such as Reepicheep , in this one -- that live up to and even surpass my expectations . I 'm glad to see Lewis 's magic brought to film .
 It is n't often that a movie adaptation of a book outdoes the source material -LRB- I defy anyone to prove that The Lord of the Rings films are superior to the books -RRB- . However , unlike the novel , which reads like a bad history lesson , Prince Caspian The Movie is a stirring and wonderful fantasy film.Some people might prefer the kinder and gentler prequel , The Lion , The Witch , and the Wardrobe . But the sequel is a much more thrilling movie to watch . There is hardly a moment when there is n't some bit of action taking place on the screen . Where the first Narnia movie welcomed us to a winter wonderland ruled by an evil witch , Prince Caspian takes the story into a darker realm and shows us a Narnia in chaos . The cause ? The arrival of human-beings who despise the original inhabitants of Narnia and has waged a war to wipe them completely from existence . In the absence of the original kings and queens of Narnia -LRB- the 4 Pevensie children -RRB- and the Christ-like Lion , Aslan , Narnia has fallen into ruin and has become a place of darkness where even the mere mention of its original inhabitants can lead to one 's imprisonment or death.This is where Prince Caspian comes to the rescue . Desperate to save Narnia from the dark ambitions of his cruel uncle , Miraz , Prince Caspian uses a magic horn to summon the Pevensie children from our world and back to Narnia hoping that they can restore peace to Narnia as they had done once before in the days of the rule of the White Witch.Prince Caspian is a film loaded with epic battle sequences -LRB- albeit bloodless -RRB- and foregoes some of the first film 's gentle qualities to immerse audiences in a Narnia teetering on the brink of absolute lawlessness.I was a little disturbed by the amount of violence in the movie especially considering that this is supposed to be a children 's movie . But this seems to be more of a problem with our culture which currently finds itself increasingly marketing inappropriate material to young audiences.The performances by the Pevensie children William Mosley , Anna Popplewell , Skandar Keynes , and Georgie Hensley are up to the task . But the stand out performace in the film goes to Peter Dinklage who does a wonderful job endearing audiences as Trumpkin the Dwarf . Also , notable here is newcomer and former stage actor Ben Barnes who plays the role of Prince Caspian.I would recommend this film to all fantasy lovers out there , both young and old . In many respects , this is one of the best children 's movies ever made . I would put it up there with the best of them . It 's definitely superior to Eragon , The Spiderwick Chronicles , The Seeker , and a number of recently released children 's fantasy films . Only Harry Potter and His Dark Materials -LRB- if the Golden Compass sequels ever get made -RRB- can claim to be a better series . Although a few notable people involved with the first two movies will not appear in any future films , the future is bright for the Narnia series if the filmmakers can continue to produce high quality films like Prince Caspian . I 'm already growing antsy waiting on the arrival of the next Narnia entry
 I am going to say up front that I really enjoyed this movie . I was delighted and entertained . Prince Caspian follows The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe as the second installment of the classic Chronicles of Narnia series by C. S. Lewis . It is a strong sequel
 On the whole , the film is quite good . It features excellent action , well choreographed battle sequences , and solid CGI work . The storyline is believable for the most part . The only major complaint from my sister is the `` octopus '' kiss at the end . I agree that it did n't seem to fit with the rest of the film . Other than that , I encourage you to see Prince Caspian .
 The Chronicles of Narnia
 - Reepicheep , on first meeting Caspian and threatening him with his sword
 I saw `` Prince Caspian '' immediately after watching `` The Lion , The Witch , and the Wardrobe '' on TV . I was blown away by LWW , and I knew I had to watch Prince Caspian.Get this , I was n't a fan of Narnia -LRB- or did n't even knew about Narnia , for that matter -RRB- . So I decided to watch trailers for Prince Caspian , and it looked AMAZING!I watched it in theater , and I was just blown away . So , I saw it three more time in theaters.ANYONE will like this movie ... It 's just beyond amazing.I own the DVD now , and I surely will be watching this just about every weekend!Buy it ...
 I just finished watching Prince Caspian for the second time and enjoyed it just about as much as the first as the dvd does n't disappoint.Prince Caspian picks up many years after the events of the first Narnia and many things have changed indeed . Humans have taken over Narnia and run off all the creatures and magical beings , leaving the land in a darkened and dreary state . Prince Caspian is heir to the throne but is threatened by his uncle who has been coveting it for himself and his newborn son . Caspian must flee to the forest to save any hope for his future rule and the Narnian 's whom he 's only thought to be myths and legends up until now . The children from the first Narnia are somewhat accidentally but fortunately summoned back to a very different land than they left which is in desperate need of their help . Conflict ensues between all these characters who are all at once thrown together but eventually find a common ground against a common foe . Can the Prince survive to take hold of his royal birthright ? What of the returning kings and queens of old , where will they fit in to this land that used to be their own ? Will Alsan the Lion return to help save what 's left of the few remaining Narnian 's and help them gain their stolen freedom?It 's a much more mature and serious film than the first one . I still like The Lion , The Witch , and The Wardrobe , but Prince Caspian does what a sequel should by upping the ante and increasing the intesity . I was very suprised at the overall dark and bleak tone of the film . You really get a sense of gloom that 's darkened what used to be a vibrant and colorful Narnia . I thought all the characters and voice acting was excellent . Nothing about this felt childish or remedial . This one works on all levels and makes for a perfect family movie as it has something for everyone without straying too far in one directon or the other . A perfect balance is struck for everyone to find something they like . We 're introduced to many new characters but we 're not overwhelmed where we have to try to keep up so as to not get lost later in the film . That seems to be something that many films have fumbled with but Prince Caspian is easy to follow and the story stays focused . There are many wonderful action and battle scenes that toe the line perfectly as they 're serious but not gruesome or gory . The landscapes are gorgeous as they 're all shot on location and the CGI characters blend in well , are very detailed but not distracting . Prince Caspian accomplished something that many films ca n't or do n't bother to by taking us to a beautiful far away land that 'll stick with you and make you want to go back after it 's ended . That 's a real testament in movie making . I had a great time in Narnia and look forward to going back again.There are a few things here and there that you could nit pick at if you wanted to but you 'd only ruin a good time for yourself . Besides , it 's a fantasy film so it should be allowed some more liberties than most movie genres . I had to remind myself of that when I caught a few things that stretched reality , but then I told my brain to shut up and just enjoy it and I did.The video on the disc is clean and clear of any specks or dirt . The day scenes are bright and colorful and the night scenes were fairly dark but not to the point where I found it difficult at all to keep up with what was going on . You can turn the lights down without turning them off and be fine . There are quite a few of the night scenes so it 's good they were ` nt nearly as bad as I 've seen on alot of films . The detail was ok , if a little soft at times but everything was discernable . They could 've probably done better but what 's here is just fine . The DD 5.1 mix is excellent . The speech , orchestral score and sound effects were perfectly balanced and very involving . The action scenes never got too loud to where you felt you needed to turn it down , nor the quiet talking to where you needed to turn it up . There are also some great sound effects from wind , leaves , water , creature noises and the clashing and clanging of armored battle . I also picked up some discrete rumbling and low bass during calmer moments that caught me off guard but were a nice suprise.Prince Caspian is a very well done movie for all ages and all I can think is what a good thing that is . In these days of raunchy comedies , swear filled action movies , gory horror movies and sex scenes in just about everything , it 's refreshing to see an innocent and well done live action -LRB- mostly -RRB- movie for the whole family to be able to sit and enjoy together . I hope more movie studios catch on to this and give families more reasons to go back to the movies together . Do n't miss this one .
 Prince Caspian was a much `` darker '' film then the first . This movie is great for a fantasy adventure film . Action packed ! At the same time I would not recommend this for young fans under 7 or 8 . Violence in this film at times can be over the top .
 `` The Chronicles of Narnia
 Andrew Adamson is a genius ! He has depicted faithfully , the Narnia that we `` of a certain age '' grew up with . The Casting is brilliant -LRB- both movies -RRB- and the special effects unbelievably realistic . All in all , this has been the best movie I have seen for 2008 . In fact , I went twice and plan to go again.I did n't quite agree with the `` AA '' rating , as I do n't find this totally acceptable for children under 12/13 . There is plenty fighting and though no blood or gore , there is some beheading and much death.Though depicted as `` book 2 '' Prince Caspian is actually book 4 and followed by `` The Voyage of the Dawn Treader '' which gives us Aslan , Caspian , Reepicheep , Lucy , Edmund & introducing their cousin Eustace . I can not WAIT to see Adamsons ' efforts with this and can only surmise , it would be better than the first two !
 As a child -LRB- probably over 30 years ago now -RRB- , I read the CHRONICLES OF NARNIA every couple of years . I loved the books , and at that time , they seemed like fast moving , exciting adventures to me . Looking at them these days ... they are charming but a little slow-paced for a modern audience . I still highly recommend them as an introduction to epics for younger children -LRB- kids too young for LORD OF THE RINGS , for example -RRB- ... but I also admit that they are n't exactly barn-burners . This was further borne out when I saw the made-for-TV British versions a few years ago . While very faithful to the books ... they moved at a glacial pace -LRB- and the special effects were pretty awful -RRB- . My kids could n't get through them.So that 's the main reason I so much appreciate the latest versions of these great stories . Part 1 , THE LION , THE WITCH AND THE WARDROBE was very faithful to the original ... yet added some epic action sequences to jazz up modern audiences . My biggest problem with that film was the sometimes poor special effects -LRB- I thought The Beavers were pretty badly done ... to the point of distraction -RRB- and I thought James McAvoy was poorly cast as Mr. Tumnus ... again a big distraction . I thought the kids were very good , and Tilda Swinton was probably the perfect person for her role . I liked the movie ... but I did n't love it.I almost love PRINCE CASPIAN , though . For one thing , it 's nice to see another book in the series getting loving attention . Second , the four young leads have really grown as performers . -LRB- Although the young man playing Edmund has grown just a tiny bit too much ... no fault of his . -RRB- I particularly liked both of the young actresses . Susan is truly a young woman you would NOT want to mess with in a fight ... she 's empowered but not the least bit showy about it . And Lucy is perfect ... we believe she is always the one who keeps one eye out for Aslan.The kids return to Narnia after one year back on our earth ... and 1300 years have gone by . Their old palace is in ruins , and they quickly discover that a race of humans called the Telmarines have driven the `` magical '' denizens of Narnia out of their own land . The current leader of Narnia is so cruel , in fact , that he has driven his own nephew Caspian -LRB- and rightful heir -RRB- out of Narnia and into the woods . There Caspian meets his destiny.PRINCE CASPIAN is populated with delightful creations . The dwarves are a delight ... Peter Dinklage is an actor of considerable gravity and subtlety ... and gives a heartbreaking performance . Reepicheep the Mouse appears and steals his scenes ... just as he does in the book . There are badgers , mighty Centaurs , fearsome Minotaurs , etc. . Most of them are rendered better than in the first movie , and there were only a few moments where the CGI was n't quite up to the task . For the most part , these creatures felt very much like physical presences.Naturally , the book 's modest action scenes are greatly enhanced for the film . While the ending battles are truly spectacular and actually quite exciting ... I enjoyed the sneak attack on the Telmarine fortress almost as much . Not only was it exciting ... it had emotional resonance . The great High King Peter and the up-and-comer Caspian both get taken down a peg or two ... at a great cost.I hate to reveal any more plot ... because most kids are far less familiar with this story than the first . It is n't exactly a groundbreaking plot ... but it 's done very well and will engage kids and adults alike . It is rated PG ... but I almost think PG-13 would have been more appropriate ... it is VERY violent , and lots of people die.There are some weaknesses , of course ... Ben Barnes as Caspian needs some maturing . He looks the part , and no doubt is quite a handsome young man ... but his acting skills are not up to his fellow-young people . Perhaps if he returns in a sequel ... he 'll add some gravitas . Also , the movie is just a little slow going early on . One or two scenes of voyaging or trudging through woods could easily have been eliminated . Once the film kicks into high gear , though ... it 's pretty terrific . The script itself is fairly faithful to the book and serves its purpose ... but it 's not transformative.By no means is this film the masterwork that THE LORD OF THE RINGS series was . It has just a little childish edge to it ... which is appropriate . Nonetheless , I heartily recommend it . If you liked the first film ... you 'll love this one . If you were only so-so on the first film ... I think you 'll be pleasantly surprised at how this one grows.The best sign , to me , that I liked the film was that five minutes after it was over ... I was very sad knowing it would be years before VOYAGE OF THE DAWN TREADER comes . I EAGERLY await that film ... with its epic action sequences set at sea .
 This is a really good movie , and I highly recommend it ! -LRB- Although I would suggest that if you do go , leave some of the younger ones at home ... This was a PG and 1/2 -RRB- `` Prince Caspian '' was really good - they stuck mostly to the plot of the book by C.S. Lewis , with a few add-ins or changes . This is more violent than the first one -LRB- which is why I called it a PG and 1/2 -RRB- , but there is not actual graphic violence . By that I mean , even though , as some others mentioned , there is a beheading scene and several other slightly disbturbing scenes , the actual beheading is almost implied ... It 's not like scary movie gore and blood.Although there were sometimes that it was hard to understand the actors , most of the dialogue was clear and the graphics were well done . The acting was also pretty good -LRB- with occasional blah moments -RRB- . The effects were fantastic , and there were many witty and humorous lines throughout the movie.If you 've seen the first movie , you definitely should go to see this . It is well worth the money , and although it is 2 hours , it does n't feel like it.I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and plan to buy it when it comes out on DVD .
 I suppose the biggest surprise most viewers who are n't familiar with the books got was how quickly the story becomes darker and much more serious . But , that 's C. S. Lewis 's point . Even a beautiful , magical place like Narnia can transform and become a place you barely recognize . Narnia does continue to change each time the children travel to this magical country . They learn , as we do , to expect these drastic changes . You do get to meet wonderful characters like Mr. Tumnus and Reepicheep , -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- but you also see a lot of evil too . Yes , this film was violent . It would have been nice to forewarn parents that this was not a film for younger children . Surprisingly , the film appears to be not rated . I wonder who dropped the ball on this one.But , I suppose the biggest challenge that Andrew Adamson , the director , had to face was that several people had an expectation and picture of Narnia in their minds when they stepped into the theatres . Just as I 'm sure readers did when they opened the book Prince Caspian . I wonder if they were similarly outraged . However , if you see how these stories progress you 'll see why this plot line really does make sense in the large scheme of things . Think about any sequel in a fantasy series . The Empire Strikes Back , The Two Towers or The Chamber of Secrets . They are all much darker than the original film in the series . But , the sequel sets up the viewers for the rest of the series and prepares you to take a darker journey . Then , when the heroes rise victorious you are more than willing to hail The Return of the King and the Return of the Jedi as major successes.Prince Caspian is part of the journey that the Narnians , the Pevensie children , viewers , and other characters still to come have to go on to reach the ultimate goal . Yes , there were a couple of dramatic licenses taken to further the plot line that drew away from the book . However , I think they did a fine job of developing some of the characters and capturing others . I am however interested in finding out if there 's an extended edition that 'll be available when it 's released on DVD . I wonder if that 's where the rest of the character development went . Especially considering the time and care Andrew Adamson typically takes with Narnia . I 'd be surprised to hear there wo n't be one available.I hope you all enjoy this movie , but please understand that Narnia is no longer going to be viewed with rose tinted glasses . There 's a reason for this evil presence in Narnia , but I 'm afraid you 'll have to read the books to find out the answer to that one .
 My Family is busy and on the go a lot . this movies brought us all together for a couple hours . this movie is awsome . its a nice break from the ordinary of everyday life .
 Personally , I liked this film as much as I did the first , even though they are much different types of stories . This is a darker and more mature type of film . And it is a darker and more mature type of Narnia . That is what happens to people and lands as time passes - you are tempered by suffering and struggle . Aslan will not be there to save you every time , but he will ultimately be there to reward those who remain true to the deep magic . That is the purpose of all worlds ...
 This is a wonderful second chapter to the Narnia series . The choice of actors is excellent and the CGI mixed with the live action is completely cool . This is one of the few fantasy movies that makes for beleivable looking characters out of the non-human races . The first movie was great and followed the orignal story so well , and the follow-up did not fail in its mission either . The children have grown as have their characters and it is wonderful . The story from begining to end is intrigueing and again , follows C.S.Lewis ' story so well , that I would defintly tell anyone to get this for their collection . A wonderful movie for anyone of any age .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the first movie `` Chronicles of Narnia
 CS Lewis imagination and the way he presents Jesus are simply amazing . This is a movie for everyone , Christian and non-Christian alike . The format in which the movie is presented , and the way the book has been transformed into a movie , are wonderful . Can never get enough of watching this movie .
 This the darker , more world-weary follow-up to `` The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe ' , wherein four English schoolchildren go through a mysterious old wardrobe and emerge into a wondrous enchanted land of talking animals , dancing trees , a wicked ice-witch and the noble lion Aslan . Peter and Edmund , Susan and Lucy Pevensie ruled as kings and queens of this place , after defeating the winter witch . They ruled wisely and with success and happiness , growing into adulthood ... before abruptly returned to their prosaic real lives , as children , in World War II era Britain . It is now a year later - and the older children have begun adjusting unhappily to the reality they were returned to . Without apparent warning , however , they are restored to Narnia - going from a dark and grimy subway platform in wartime Britain , to a sea-cave leading out to glorious sunlit seashore . Almost at once , it becomes clear that this is Narnia a thousand years later . The castle from which they governed is in ruins , and the invading Telmarines have driven the marvelous creatures - the dwarves , the talking animals , the not-so-mythical creatures into the margins , into the deep woods . Things have changed , while they were away - and almost at once they meet and strike an alliance with the fugitive Prince Caspian . He is of the Telmarine royalty , and in this millennium the rightful ruler of Narnia , but his usurping Uncle Miraz plotted to kill him , as soon as Miraz ' wife bore him a son . And that is the rest of the story - how Prince Caspian forms an alliance with not just the Pevensies , but with the original inhabitants of Narnia - the beasts and mythical creatures and even the forces of nature itself . The movie is beautifully visualized , and the locations where it was filmed are uniformly stunning - almost stars in their own right , along with the special effects.Of the lavish extras included - the usual bloopers , ` making of ' and ` behind the scenes ' features , the stand-out is an extensive look at the ` pre-vis ' technology . It seems that increasingly very complicated ; special-effect dependent movies such as this are almost completely done in a sort of a computer-animated story-board version before shooting begins . This is done for several reasons - to work out the mechanics of the shot , to allow the actors to know what the director has in mind for a particular sequence -LRB- which may take many days or weeks to complete ! -RRB- and to show to producers and investors , so that they may know what they are getting . In the case of Prince Caspian , the ` pre-vis ' is almost an entire secondary movie .
 I enjoyed the first Narnia movie so much , I just purchased this one without seeing it in theaters first . It is excellent ! Great movie !
 My husband and I watched this together and I really loved it . I think we both like it better than the first movie , the features are really getting better . Can not wait for the next one to come out . I hope to have the entire series one day.There is not much that I enjoy more in the movie realm than when a book comes to life . And that it does with this story . Get your kids to read , or read the story with them and then watch it . It gives a whole new excitement to reading .
 I am somewhat of a purist on Lewis 's `` Narnia '' series . And I must admit I was skeptical about some of the changes I knew they were making from the book . The first movie was made extremely well , but I also know Disney has a bad habit of making awful sequels to good movies.I saw `` Prince Caspian '' in theatres and was totally amazed . There were some changes to it . As with the first movie , this one goes into much more detail about some of the things the book only touches on . It does n't stick quite as close to the book as `` The Lion , The Witch , and the Wardrobe , '' but the changes are made very tastefully , and most changes are minor ones made to fit with the details.This movie continues to exhibit a great storyline , very well-written characters , and many of the things we all wanted to see on screen after reading the book . All in all , I think this movie very much fits with Lewis 's vision of Narnia , and even if you 're a purist , you should give it a chance .
 Following the box-office success that was ` The Lion , The Witch , And The Wardrobe , '' director Andrew Adamson and his production team had a battle ahead ; to make a sequel worthy of both C.S. Lewis ' treasured classic and the previous film installement . ` Prince Caspian ' does both , answering the call in a visually and emotionally fantastic film . Ben Barnes and Peter Dinklage lead the excellent new cast , joining the talented stars of the first film . ` Caspian ' sports improved acting over it 's prequel , as the young stars have grown -LRB- both in stature and talent -RRB- with their characters . Better yet , the battles of ` Caspian ' are exciting and well-paced , featuring excellent fighting sequences that push the PG rating to the max , in a good way ; While the battles are not really visually violent , as there is n't a lot of blood and gore , they are conceptually violent , as the conflict and carnage can be felt much more intensely than in the first film . This leads to a stronger emotional attachment and realization of the stakes , and more exciting fights . Superb choreography as well.Ben Barnes , who from the previews I assumed would be annoying , is engaging as the title character . Whenever he was n't on screen , I wanted him to be , and when he was , I was glad . An excellent performer.Sergio Castellitto 's performance as King Miraz is , too , worth praise . Simply said ; he plays the villain well.An excellent piece of filmaking , anyway that I can look at it . I would recommend seeing it if you have the time for it 's 2 and a half hours , and I think that you will enjoy it , too .
 I still remember all the hype surrounding the first Chronicles of Narnia films , The Chronicles of Narnia - The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- , and for all that hype , for all that attention it received -LRB- due mainly to the success of The Lord of the Rings films -RRB- it ended up being nothing more then a kiddy version of Peter Jackson 's epic masterpiece , Lord of the Rings , for kids as it were . I never understood the hype about the first Narnia movie ; it really was n't anything more than a 3 star film , hardly worth gushing over . Not Prince Caspian though , the second installment of films based on C.S. Lewis 's classic booksThe Chronicles of Narnia .1,300 years have passed since the kings and queens of Narnia , Peter the High King , Lucy , Susan and Edmund left Narnia . In the time since , a race of men called the Telmarins have invaded the peaceful nation of Narnia and driven the magical inhabitants , the talking beasts , the dwarfs , centaurs , minotaur 's , griffins , everything into hiding , fearing for their lives . Prince Caspian is the rightful heir to the thrown of Telmar but his scheming uncle Miraz has just had a son , a son he hopes will someday become king . In order to make this happen , however , he must first get rid of the rightful king , which sets off a chain of events eventually leading to an uprising of the Narnian people against the savage rule of the Telmarin rulers.Prince Caspian is a magical film which is , in every way , the previous films ' better . Beautiful landscaping is so common in epic fantasies like this that it 's almost a clich&eacute; but here it does n't seem like a mere LOTR copy like so many others . It 's landscaping is neatly done , playing up the differences between Lewis 's fantasy world and Tolkien 's . The ruins of Cair Paravel , the beaches , Aslan 's Howl , are all wonderfully realized . The story begins when our four kings and queens of old are summoned to Narnia , when Caspian blows Susan 's horn . They are transported to their former dwelling , the castle Cair Paravel , only to find it in ruins and decay . Meeting up with a dwarf they rescue from death , they make their way across the wilderness of Narnia to meet Caspian.The power struggle between Caspian and `` High King '' Peter gives this movie great tension early on . Caspian is somewhat unsure of himself , having never led men into battle , and allows his will to be overturned by strong opponents . While Peter , by contrast , seems is too sure of himself because of his former status as `` High King '' and often times refuses to take the advice of others , namely Lucy , whom as testified to in the previous film should always be believed . Peter also refuses to heed Caspian , who 's command Peter tries to usurp out of pure spite and pride . It destroys the moral of their soldiers to see their leaders do nothing but bicker and for a while this is all that these two `` wannabe '' kings accomplish.But the show stealer for this film is not the kings , the centaurs , the giant castles or even Aslan the lion but Reepicheep , a buccaneer like mouse who refuses to let his tiny little size get in the way of glory , honor and pride . Running through the ranks of Telmar soldiers he cuts them off at the knees , asks them for their final words and when they mention the obvious , `` Your a mouse '' he frustratingly replies , `` oh , you humans have no imagination . '' There are few characters in any movie that are as fun to watch as Reepicheep , his antics and overly prideful sense of himself , despite his size is , as Lucy says , `` so cute , '' but do n't say that in front of him . I can not wait to see him back in the next film , The Voyage of the Dawn Treader . Combine all this with some amazing choreographed fight scenes and this is one amazing film.The only fault I can find in Caspian , if you can call it a fault , is that it comes AFTER The Lord of the Rings . So many plot elements have already been used in LOTR , unfortunately . So although I do n't want to penalize this film for that , it does come up repeatedly . Peter and Caspian reaching for power like Boromir reaching for the ring , Susan pulling off her best Legolas impression , the water figure washing away the Telmar horses as they try to cross the river . Yes , it 's true to the book for the most part , but it did seem very ringish in many parts.Prince Caspian is not going to be the best film of the year when all is said and done , but it does stand a high chance of standing up there with the best films of 2008 . Although it does hold a lot of LOTR elements , I ca n't really fault it for that since LOTR pretty much did everything , and did everything well . I can only hold my breath for when the much awaited film , The Voyage of the Dawn Treader comes out . I will be waiting for this , The Silver Chair , and possibly The Last Battle.Replay value ; High .
 I watched the first Narnia.I loved it.The second one , Prince Caspian.It equally as fantastic.I can not wait till the third one comes out.Excellent Family movie.You will watch over and over again.I have .
 Thank you . The Chronicles of Narnia are still my favorite books ; so when they started making them into movies , having my own copy was not a question . Thank you for helping make this possible .
 I love Narnia movies . This one came to me fast and is great .
 Great movie ! Aslan is done much better in this sequel to `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' ! It is interesting and exciting from beginning to end ! I 'll watch it again annually !
 Usually wary of sequels , I was amazed at how Prince Caspian compared to The Lion , The Witch , and the Wardrobe . It was AMAZING !!! I have a 3-year-old daughter who has been enthralled with Narnia since the first movie was released -LRB- and she was only a year old then -RRB- . As a reading teacher , I always tell my students that the books are so much better than the movies . With this series , I must say that as much as I love the books -LRB- and I 've read the series over and over again -RRB- , the movies are so much better !!! I only wish C.S. Lewis was alive to see what remarkable things Disney has done with his books .
 In the brilliant second installment of the well-known Chronicles of Narnia , I was riveted . The plot did n't perfectly stick to the book - but somehow they still managed to make it work greater than you would expect from today 's Hollywood . I was disappointed that they cut out the summary of Caspian 's life leading up to the birth of Miraz 's son - instead they expected you to know what he learns in advance . Regardless of the hype about the movie 's violence , they actually eliminated most of the battles , instead focusing on two major battles - one of which they managed to create a full length scene from a single line in Lewis ' books - a line where Reepicheep mentions the possibility of storming Miraz 's castle in order to eliminate some of their opponents.Caspian 's effects were brilliant - and of course they are , with a large group of the best CGI companies out there!The romance between Susan and Caspian was unexpected and unrelated to the book , but it did n't fall completely out of bounds - it was nice to see a little love in a Narnia that had been lacking for the previous 1300 years.I would tend to keep this movie away from the younger crowd , because even though this is n't a messy blood-and-guts film , there are a lot of obvious and up-close deaths - but those reviewers who discounted the movie solely because of this need to take into account that Prince Caspian -LRB- and many other of the Narnia books -RRB- is ABOUT A WAR . Disney or not , we ca n't stray away from the plotline of the book like that , or we might as well rename the movie to something else.What it comes down to is that this movie is brilliantly filmed , does n't stray TOO much from the book -LRB- and when it does it still works great -RRB- , and both the scenery and the effects are amazing.It 's totally worth the buy , especially in HD ! 4.5 stars !
 I did n't like this movie , I LOVED it ! I thought it was just as good as the first one and I am really loking forward to the other 5 in the series . Being a fan of the books I did notice some differences but I thought they added to the story and still kept with Lewis 's main themes . As some viewers have said this movie is a little more violent but I think its still as magical as the first .
 No one can doubt the success of the very first Chronicles of Narnia . Prince Caspian is the fourth book in the series but it brings back the same loveable four characters from The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe . The Chronicles of Narnia
 On Friday , May 16th , eager Narnia fans packed out the seats in theaters around the country to have their first glimpse at Prince Caspian , the second of C.S. Lewis ' beloved series to be brought to the big screen . With a budget reportedly 20 million more than its predecessor at $ 200 million , expectations of what magic director Andrew Adamson and crew would dish out were running high . As the opening scene of Queen Prunaprismia giving birth played out , you could almost hear the thoughts running through everyone 's heads . Would Prince Caspian be as good as the first movie ? Would they stay true to the book?In this story the Pevensie children , Peter , Susan , Edmund and Lucy have aged a year in England , but when they 're magically transported back to Narnia they find 1300 years has passed . The land in which they grew up as Kings and Queens - The Golden Age of Narnia -- is no more . Everything and everyone they once held dear is gone . All the old Narnians -LRB- the dwarves , Centaurs , talking animals , and the like -RRB- have gone into hiding , and the Telmarines who invaded Narnia shortly after the Pevensies disappeared from the land , rule with an iron fist . But there 's still hope . Queen Susan 's horn is blown , and the Pevensies are called back to help a young prince claim his throne and fight the darkness and evil hovering over Narnia.Reprising their roles as the Pevensies , William Mosley -LRB- Peter -RRB- , Anna Popplewell -LRB- Susan -RRB- , Skandar Keynes -LRB- Edmund -RRB- and Georgie Henley -LRB- Lucy -RRB- take center stage again in Prince Caspian . But their sense of wonder and innocence found in The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe has been replaced with confusion and inner turmoil , most notably in Peter . It has n't been easy becoming a man in Narnia and then returning to England as a boy , and this is evident in his struggles . Susan is less the questioning , know-it-all girl and more the confident , warrior woman . She wields her bow and finds herself in hand-to-hand combat during several battles -LRB- a slight but welcome diversion from the book in which Susan and Lucy were never allowed to participate in the fights -RRB- . Edmund has also matured into a stalwart warrior , his brother 's right-hand man . Lucy is still the wonderful , trusting soul of before only this time she 's a little bolder at times and stands up for what she believes . All have clearly grown up , but not so much that we ca n't jump right in and follow our friends in this new adventure.Tilda Swinton played the White Witch of the first film so masterfully -LRB- she does make a cameo in this one too -RRB- , it was hard to imagine anyone else embodying evil to the same degree . But Sergio Castellitto as King Miraz comes oh , so close . There 's nothing redeemable about this character -LRB- except perhaps his love for his son -RRB- , and some actors might find that restricting . Sergio takes it and runs , able to exhibit both calm manipulation and rage all in the same scene.Though only a boy in C.S. Lewis ' story , 26-year-old Ben Barnes was given the difficult task of playing the title character of the film . His age is certainly a forgivable change . By the film 's end we ca n't imagine anyone other than him in the role.Peter Dinklage as Trumpkin and Warwick Davis as Nikabrik were also terrific cast choices . Dinklage is a master at delivering dead-pan one-liners , and Davis had some in this film as well . Anyone worrying about how they 'd create Reepicheep need not have worried . The mouse comes out as valiant and humorous as we remember him . But Trufflehunter the Badger was my favorite CGI creation this time around . I felt like Lucy when I muttered to my sister Tracy in the theater , `` He 's so cute ! `` If you thought the cinematography in The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe was breath-taking , Prince Caspian 's is even more so . From the gorgeous mountains and crystal clear waters of New Zealand to the lush forests of the Czech Republic , they all give the film that other-worldly feel . It 's not hard to picture yourself right in the middle of Narnia.Websites and fan forums have been buzzing about how the screenwriters and filmmakers had to adapt the original Prince Caspian story for the big screen . Director Andrew Adamson and others have talked about the added castle raid scene , for example , which is n't found in the book . These type of additions are understandable . There were changes in the first film too . But here in Prince Caspian I felt like perhaps everyone tried a little too hard to heighten the suspense . Granted , the original pacing of the novel was very slow . I remember as a kid finding it the hardest of the seven to read . I knew they 'd need to cut out some of the drier parts and add some excitement . But , I did n't expect some of the key elements to be missing.That 's not to say Prince Caspian is n't a terrific fantasy film . If you have n't read the book , then you 'll love it . If you have read the book and do n't care about these sort of things , then you too will find nothing but good in this movie . There 's adventure , unexpected but welcome humor -LRB- watch for a scene with Reepicheep and a cat -RRB- , and lots of battles . All the essence of the story has been retained . That 's the important part.However , Narnia purists might have a few objections . Because of its non-stop pace , there 's little time to truly get to know some of the key players before they 're thrust into another battle . Take Doctor Cornelius . Our first introduction to him is when he rescues Caspian from Miraz 's clutches in the middle of the night . There are no secret meetings on the roof discussing the Old Narnians . We do n't see how important a role he 's played in Caspian 's life thus far , so there 's less of an emotional pull when Caspian has to leave him . Caspian 's old nurse is n't even mentioned.We 're also given little time to enjoy the other Narnian creatures like Patterwig the squirrel -LRB- I do n't believe he 's even named in the film -RRB- , The Bulgy Bears , and Giant Wimbleweather . We 're expected to care about them without given time to know them . Even Aslan 's role is smaller than it seems like it should be . He does n't lead the Pevensies down into the gorge as in the book . He only appears toward the end of the film.A worry some fans had was the hinted attraction between Caspian and Susan in the trailers . Though also not in the book , rest assured . It does n't go any further than being hinted at . Susan does kiss him goodbye -LRB- just once -RRB- , but it 's in front of her siblings and Aslan , so it 's quite pure.The subtle spiritual message of Prince Caspian about trusting and believing in things you ca n't see wo n't be lost on Christian viewers , and it 's refreshing to see movies being made that are n't afraid to include that element . C.S. Lewis would be proud that his little books are impacting so many . Fantasy and adventure movie lovers wo n't want to miss Prince Caspian . It 's a great kick-off to the summer movie season for families and Narnia fans alike . -- Reviewed by C.J. Darlington for TitleTrakk
 A good movie worth a second go around , but more of a 3.5 , not quite 4 . I seen this movie on this past friday@9.30 am . Me and a guest got too enjoy a private screening.The movie effect in parts suprassed its predesor in the Fx department.The battle scenes are good , and I must agree with another reviewer that i glanced at - this movie despite being Disney maybe too destrubing for younger veiwers.The fact it is Disney also gives it that goodie goodie draw back.there are few references the main one in my opinion is the sword duel between the self proclaimed king and Peter.A silly side note-it maybe me but does the actor betraying Caspian , look so much like the princes in classic disney animation ... lol.Heres the movie in a nutshell : -LRB- ending maybe a spoiler -RRB- Its been 1300 yrs sence the witch-and Prince Caspian is the Aier apparent too the stolen throne , but when a family member is gifted with a son , Caspian -LRB- who comes off as not too bright -RRB- must retreat into the woods of Narnia.He comes across a variety of residents and the magic horn-while dodging a pursiut he uses the horn.It calls forth the 4kids from the first movie.Who even though there only kids are reconized still as royalty.Upon learing of Narnias despare they are quick too offer aid.They form an allience with Prince Caspian - who is quickly become freinds with creature he thought were myth and legend.He vows too return there home too them.But where is Azlian-it seems he ca n't be found or a lack of faith is holding him back.All but Lucy seems too doubt the might Lion will return.Which he does and with his return , the resent defeat of the Narina forces-and the current bitter stand still - will all be forgotten.For with the return of the Lion comes the true power of Narina .
 The item Arrived on time and the quality was outstanding . It was very professionally wrapped and set up for mailing .
 Very good product . Just a advertised . Was worth every little penny I spent ! Very happy with this purchase ! Awesome ! Pleased !
 The was a gift ; the recipient liked it . That 's about all I know . Padding this review with seven more words .
 This movie did not capture the magic of the first , but the more times I have watched it , I have enjoyed it more . The focus should be on Lucy following Aslan , yet this is a very good sequel .
 I 've not read the book this movie was based on . So , I do n't know how much different it is from the novel.The scenery is poetic and attractive . The best thing about this film is the spectacular special effects , especially the water creature and the mice . They look life like . There is some good humor too . For example , when the cat was tied up by the mice . The fighting scenes are realistic and exciting . The sword fighting between Peter and King Miraz is tense and engaging.The big problem is it has very little dialogues . That does not help me connecting with the characters . This movie is all about action and beautiful pictures . It 's still a good movie for kids.For this kind of genre , Lord of the Rings is still the only one on my Favorite list .
 Item was shipped promptly after ordering and received in excellent condition . I loved the movie . Thank you .
 This is a very nice action/adventure movie which is another volume in the C.S. Lewis Narnia series.There 's nothing not to like ; nice scenery , nice props , nice characters , nice lion , nice voices , good dialog.The plot is fairly simple ; bad guy wants the throne , and tries to kill the rightful heir.Rightful heir blows on the magic horn , and the kids from the first movie show up to help -LRB- they are , after all , the Kings and Queens of Narnia -RRB- . There are a series of adventures , character development , and a rousing hopeless battle of good against evil.And good triumphs , and it 's a good day !
 This is an excellent film based on one of the more difficult C.S. Lewis Narnia books to translate to film . I understand how many fans of the Narnia books could be disappointed with the film . There were alterations to the storyline . However , when you read the book , you have to realize that it would n't translate well to film if presented as written on the page . The narration jumps back and forth and as a film it would have been too confusing . I have read all of the Narnia books and of all seven in the series , Prince Caspian is my least favorite . That is not because it is n't a good book . It stands on its own merits as a good book , but not as engaging as some of the others in the series.This film did not do as well at the box office as the first film -LRB- The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe -RRB- . However , it still qualifies as a smashing success and will pave the way for the next book to be filmed.Individuals may be unaware that C.S. Lewis ' stepson Douglas Gresham is intimately involved in the production of the Narnia films . The scripts must meet his approval before they go before the camera . This film had his blessings . He is very passionate about preserving the integrity of the books . He agreed that to do the basic story justice as a film the plot had to be altered so the story could be told in a linear fashion.A lot of talented people were involved in the making of Prince Caspian , many of whom are passionate fans of the series . The results are an epic , beautiful film that stands on its own . The acting , production , music and special effects all work together to make a film that will be loved for ages to come.If these films continue to do well at the box-office , the producers have promised to try and make all seven books into films . Some will be more difficult than others . Prince Caspian made over $ 500 million in worldwide box-office revenues , and in the next few months filming will begin on the next in the series
 Prince Caspian has everything you want in a movie . Action , drama , suspence and even an unexpected romance . But the thing that really blew me away was the originality.It was n't The Lion , the Witch and The Wardrobe all over again as most sequels are.It is so much more intense and in-depth than the first one . The feeling , aroma andpresence is a whole new concept . Even the majority of the charaters we 've never seen before -LRB- with the exception of the Pevensie children , Aslan , Hunger , Thirst , and yes , the White Witch -RRB- . Now I know the producers did n't write the original story , but is n't that the delimna of all modern age movies ? C.S. Lewis deserves much ofcredit for this masterful production as he was the one who started the legendary chronicle . Prince Caspian was definatly the best movie of it 's time and I give itfive stars as it deserves . After all is n't Narnia supposed to be magical ?
 Prince Caspian is a powerful sequel . The directors have taken everything up a notch . The action is more in tense , the acting is more developed and the special effects will blow your mind . Like the first film , Prince Caspian offers a powerful message hidden in 100-minutes of non-stop fun . If you liked The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , you are going to love Prince Caspian . If you did n't , chances are you 'll like the second one better . This is one film you should n't pass up .
 In 2005 , Disney and Walden Media took a gamble and produced a big-budget , special-effects heavy theatrical version of C.S. Lewis ' classic story , THE LION , THE WITCH , AND THE WARDROBE . The tremendous success of that film paved the way for both companies to film the remaining books in the franchise , starting with the second entry , PRINCE CASPIAN . -LRB- Actually , it 's chronologically the fourth entry in the series , but that 's time for another discussion . -RRB- The four children from the previous entry , Lucy , Susan , Edmond , and Peter , are called back to Narnia to do battle against the Telmarines and their ruthless ruler , Miraz . They do this with the help of the title character of this tale , Prince Caspian , who naturally turns out to be the rightful heir to Narnia 's throne.One of the biggest assets about this sequel is the feel of consistency . Andrew Adamson returns to the director 's chair , as do the principal actors -LRB- the Pevensie children , Liam Neeson as Aslan -RRB- and the special effects team . The adaptation of the story itself is another matter . While THE LION , THE WITCH , AND THE WARDROBE proved to be successful in transitioning Lewis ' tale to the screen , PRINCE CASPIAN was tricker . The structure of the story , half of which is an extensive flashback on the title character and his kingdom , reads better on paper than on film . A previous adaptation by BBC TV was aware of this , and cut down the story to an hour , while cutting back and forth between the children and Caspian , providing for a faster pace.Adamson 's reinterpretation uses the same technique , only it omits many sequences from the original in the process ; to be fair , the BBC version did this too , but some of the deletions here include character-building sequences between Caspian and his teacher , Dr. Corneilius -LRB- which the BBC version kept intact -RRB- . As such , their relationship on screen feels somewhat rushed and not fully developed . For replacement , the script opts for development between two of the least well-defined children from the original -- Peter and Susan . The former is more conflicted than the first -LRB- and even has a bit of a rivalry with Caspian -RRB- , while the latter becomes more of a heroic figure , taking charge for the archers of Narnia . There are also a few -LRB- very scanty -RRB- flirting sequences between Susan and Caspian . These alterations may be cause for alarm with many fans of the book , but fear not -- they do n't come across as clumsy as they could have.If one can accept the changes made in the transition to the screen , then it is easier to appreciate PRINCE CASPIAN as a whole . The story still remains faithful in spirit , if not letter , to the original , and the magic of Lewis ' world is imperishable . The CGI effects are drastically improved from the first film -LRB- Aslan in particular looks much more regal here -RRB- , and the performances are splendidly done . All four of the Pevensie children show skill and enthusiasm for their roles -LRB- even William Moseley , who seemed a little stiff in the previous outing , steps up dramatically in transitioning Peter 's growth into manhood -RRB- , and Ben Barnes makes for a dashing , heroic Prince Caspian -LRB- although at times his fleeting Spanish accent is somewhat reminiscent of Inigo Montoya from THE PRINCESS BRIDE -RRB- . Sergio Castellitto makes for an adequate villain , but not as memorable as Tilda Swinton 's White Witch -LRB- who incidentally makes a brief appearance in an exhilarating scene I wo n't spoil for obvious reasons -RRB- . However , the characters who steal the show are the animals . Aside from Aslan , the film 's highlight is a swashbuckling mouse warrior named Reepicheep , brought to life with vibrant animation and a lively vocal performance by Eddie Izzard . Equally noteworthy are Peter Dinklage as Trumpkin the dwarf and Warwick Davis -LRB- yep , Willow Ufgood himself -RRB- in a brief but memorably nasty role as the corrupt dwarf Nikabrik.Despite not being as successful a transition as its predecessor , PRINCE CASPIAN is still great fun . It 's not another LORD OF THE RINGS -LRB- even though there are some similarities to be had ; namely the big battle sequence at the end -RRB- , but for escapist simplistic fantasy , I do n't hesitate to recommend it . Adamson has stated that he would be passing the director 's chair to someone else for the next installment , THE VOYAGE OF THE DAWN TREADER . Hopefully it will be every bit as good as these two entries are . -LRB- Word of note
 I grew up watching the chronicles of narnia , and I loved the four that were produced by the BBC . These are action packed , but alittle abrupt . They 're freakin cool no doubt about it , but they just move really fast .
 It was a good sequel . Blu-Ray quality was good - a real improvement over regular DVD . I 'm sure we 'll watch it again from time to time .
 I am ten and I thought the movie was AWESOME . It has lots of action in it and it is a fun move . I would watch it all day if I could . It is a AWESOME movie .
 Gave it as a welcome gift for Christmas to my 12-year-old neighbor - ca n't wait till he and I can watch it together !
 If you likedThe Chronicles of Narnia - The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , I think you 'll loveThe Chronicles of Narnia
 I liked the Lion , Witch and the Wardrobe more than Prince Caspian , but it 's still an excellent film nonetheless .
 This was just as good as the other Narnia movies we have seen ... It met every expectation we had about a Narnia movie .
 I saw this movie in the theater and wanted it for my iPad to see over and over again . Amazon is the best way to go to purchase online videos . I highly recommend this movie and appreciate Amazon .
 Well , if you have never read the books , like myself , you will probably really enjoy this . It 's always hard to watch a sequel to a great classic , but this was really so well done , and the music was so good , it is a classic as well as the first one , but in it 's own right . It 's fun to watch the kids growing up in this . I ca n't compare it to the first one for many reasons but , as Aslan the lion says , `` Things never happen the same way twice . '' And so it is a new story with the addition of some delightful new characters and some sad overtones of a Narnia that once was , and was lost until the long-awaited return of the `` Kings and Queens of old '' -LRB- the children -RRB- who had grown into adults there , and reverted back to children upon exiting Narnia through the wardrobe portal . This proves to be an emotional and difficult transition for all of them , especially Peter , as a year of their real life translates to a thousand of Narnia years . So all they knew in the first visit to Narnia are lost , except for Aslan of course , and he makes three appearances . I do suggest you watch ` The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe ' first , to get an idea of what is happening in this one . Aside from my favorite , Lucy , I especially love Repicheep the brave and humorous mouse who steals the scenes over and again with remarks about his mousy size . Every one of the ` human ' actors are superb . This is definitely a keeper !
 This is a great gift ideal for those like this series . I would highly recommend this DVD to anyone interested in this series .
 this movie is so cool!the three disc is the best.disc one is the movie , disc two is the extra stuff , and the last disc is the digital copy .
 The movie arrived when promised . It was in good shape and played well . I found the packing to be in fine shape . I will keep this movie for sometime . Thanks .
 NOTE
 For a sequel a good overall movie for all ! Highly suggested for children . Falls a little short of the first Narnia Movie . Overall I recommend this if you enjoyed the first Narnia Movie .
 I love this movie ! I have been a Narnia fan for a long time and Prince Caspian was -LRB- and still is -RRB- my favorite book in the series . So when the movie came out , I was ecstatic ! Naturally I had high expectations for the movie . And I am pleased to say Prince Caspian far exceeded my expectations !! The animation was totally believable , the actors did an amazingly convincing portrayal of their characters , and the over all plot was engaging . Now I do need to say that the movie does take liberties in a few places . Like in the movie Peter and Caspian dual in the woods before realizing who each other is . Where in the movie the Pevensies do n't meet caspian until the wolf and hag attack Caspian in Aslan 's How . But in truth , I like the movie version better ! :D So over all , I can honestly say this a wonderful movie worth watching.If you are considering getting this movie ; Please BUY IT !!!
 Product was as expected , good movie . Price was competitive , and service , as usual , very good .
 The Disney version is much beter than the BBC version but they have more of the 7 books as movies .
 The product was in great condition an I recieved it faster than I expected it . That was great service .
 I ALWAYS LOVE THIS KIND OF MOVIES , BECAUSE THE ACTORS IN THE MOVIE GO TO DIFFERENT PART OF THE WORLD TO MAKE THE MOVIES . FANTASY MOVIES LIKE THIS ALWAYS HAVE OUTSTANDING SCENES IN THE MOVIE .
 I bought this movie for my wife for Christmas . Though the content of the movie does n't interest me in the least I was forced to watch it with the wife and have to say it held my interest . Will definitly purchase the first movie to watch it as well .
 This second installment of the Narnia Chronicles is much better than The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe film.The film begins with the birth of a son . Cousin to Prince Caspian . Caspian must now flee his home or else be killed by his evil uncle . It has to do with heirs and wanting to rule the people.As he escapes into the woods , he blows a horn . This horn he was instructed to blow whenever he was in serious trouble . It also happens to belong to Susan . The oldest sister . This action by Caspian causes the siblings to transport back to Narnia.But it 's been 1300 years since they 've left after the first movie . Narnia has changed . Many of the animals no longer speak and humans now rule the land.Of course , Caspian and the Pevensie kids team up with a few magical beasts to fight Caspian 's uncle and his forces.I do n't want to get too much into because I think you 'd want to see it for yourself . It 's action packed , a couple battle scenes that take up a large section of run-time along with a couple jump-in-your-seat moments.I give this movie 4 out of 5 stars . It was almost perfect !
 I was really pleased with the time it took to get here . The movie was even better in Blu-Ray .
 I think that `` Prince Caspian '' was one of the best movies of the year ! I love the Chronicles of Narnia and I think the director has done an excellent job with the movies . Disney has a lot of great stuff , but lately I had been tired of seeing nothing but `` High School Musical '' and `` Hannah Montana '' silliness ... `` Chronicles '' , along with `` Wall-E '' and other Pixar movies have been sighs of relief and joy to me !
 Imagine finding a magical kingdom in another world ... only to return over a thousand years later , and find it in ruins.That 's the whole idea of `` The Chronicles of Narnia
 I watched the film `` Prince Caspian '' with much the same sentiments as when first reading the book thirty years ago . At ten years old , I so loved `` The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe '' that , after doubting that the sequel could compare , I was surprised and delighted to find an even more mysterious and exciting story . The film digresses from the book but not in a devastating way . In fact , some of the changes enhance the plot and the characters.Again we join Peter , Susan , Edmund and Lucy , also known as `` the Pevensies , '' as they are literally swept into another dimension . The youngsters still have a great deal to learn in the land of Narnia , where they formerly ruled as kings and queens . They do not recognize their kingdom at first , so greatly has it been altered by many centuries . The realization of what has been destroyed sweeps over them as they uncover artifacts of their own past , almost like finding relics of a lost and beloved faith . It is before the broken altar of the Stone Table that the past and present merge . The four Pevensies know that they must be ready to sacrifice themselves for the Narnia ; they have a bond with the land which time and space can not erase . As C. S. Lewis wrote
 I first read all seven of the books about 26,000 Narnian calendar years ago but the magic of Narnia is timeless . The stories weave around its universal themes of love , sacrifice , trust , faith and many aspects of humanity -LRB- and divinity for the Christian viewers -RRB- . Once the intense opening sequence is through , the pace of the movie slows down a little as we are re-acquainted with the Pevensie children . As they set on their quest to restore peace and freedom in the Narnian world , together with Prince Caspian and other Narnian creatures , the storyline continues at breakneck speed and consummate with the epic battle scene between the forces of good and the evil . The movie ends with a lead-in to the third installment THE VOYAGE OF THE DAWN TREADER . Here we see Prince Caspian vowing to embark on a search for the seven lost lords , taking along with him Reepicheep the talking mouse-knight . The two younger Penvensies , Edmund and Lucy , are told that they will be brought back to Narnia in time.The story is a lot darker than the first and the battle scenes may be a tad more violent for younger children to stomach . Although the movie does depart from the original script in a number of instances , it remains a most fantastic and fun outing for fans . Disney and Walden Media should probably consider making the other instalments back to back . Otherwise , at the current rate , it will take them another fifteen years to complete the chronicles , not to mention in astronomical Narnian terms!This second outing no doubt is leaving fans craving for more . The music is just as magical and wonderful as the storytelling , as is the first one . As a fan , my two most eagerly awaited sequels are THE MAGICIAN 'S NEPHEW -LRB- which is a prequel to be more exact -RRB- - how they are going to bring to life the sound and vision on the Narnia creation sequence when the great lion Aslan sings . Yes and THE FINAL BATTLE when the story is brought to an epic and climatic close .
 I already expected this to be an exciting movie , but I have to tell you that the excitement got so much higher as I watched this movie with my kids . I could n't believe just how well this movie was , I mean the first Chronicles is a fantastic movie , but this movie takes a few steps ahead . It 's definitely more mature , it takes on a lot of battle scenes , like a Lord of the Rings type of battle with a ton of creatures who are fighting for their land back . We have amazing effects , with taking badgers , goats , and mice , and the mice , this is no Puss in Boots from Shrek 2 , this is the blood thirsty mice that kick butt ! The Chronicles of Narnia
 I am giving this 4 stars because it is not as compelling as the first , though the special effects are certainly better and the scenery is New Zealand at its most gorgeous.But there just was n't the same sense of how much was at stake , perhaps because the children were not really that differentiated and had to share the lead with Caspian , and the conflict was n't on a one to one level as it was with the White Witch , Aslan , and Peter.She makes a brief appearance , great stuff , then poof , gone , leaving us with only Caspian 's ambitious uncle.It is true , there is less magic in this film , but that is because they have been spending centuries trying to stamp it out by making Narnia and its inhabitants extinct . Still , Aslan gets so little screen time it is almost a let down -- I mean , where WAS he . And the trees section is straight out of LOTR II.I did enjoy the battle scenes but there was a fair amount of violence and depictions of wounds.One final point , some of the scenes like the opening giving birth are not quite what one would expect for a Disney ` kids ' film .
 I liked The Chronicles of Narnia very much . It was a high quality production . When I heard about Prince Caspian , I could hardly wait to see it in my local theater . The actors in the new movie are older , of course , and that was ok . They were all strongly scripted which was great . The Prince Caspian character was n't as strongly presented as I think it could have been , but then he was supposed to be in trouble and needed the kings and queens of old to come to strengthen his opposition to the story 's antagonists . I bought the Prince Caspian DVD and enjoy viewing it , but it does n't hold my attention as well as Narnia . Friends of mine thought Prince Caspian was easier to understand and liked it better . I approve of the movie because it is Family Friendly and allows everyone to enjoy a high production product together .
 I pre-ordered The Chronicles of Narnia
 I ordered this because I saw it at the movie theater and I liked it a lot . I figured that I would like to also own it when it came out . As soon as I found out I placed the order and got it . I am very please with this DVD Movie and very happy with the over all transaction as well . I highly recommend this 2nd DVD of Nardia if you own the first . This DVD is more geared towards older children and adults as well .
 I loved this film , because it adds more to the C.S. Lewis fame . It will inspired new and old generations to read the books .
 C S Lewis is one of my favorite writers and watching his narnia series comes to life is a revisit to happier times , times when getting lost in a good book was the norm and not the exception .
 The Chronicles of Narnia , Prince Caspian , are wonderful fun for the entire family . It is so wonderful to find movies that have no profanity or mature themes . I for one am tired of all the filthy movies that Hollywood produces . I believe this is why our children are becoming so disenchanted with life . There is no longer any kind of moral compass .
 Our whole family enjoyed this movie ! One of the few sequels that actually delivers !
 I ordered this movie for the whole family . We all enjoyed the first one.Quick delivery as usual , no problems , 5 stars again .
 There was an allusion to a romance between two of the characters that was not in the book at all . Also not in the book was an entire sequence with a character from the first movie . Many things were completely out of chronological order from the original story . Those things said . It was an overall good movie adaptation of the story . Mostly you come away with the same message as the original . If you enjoyed the book you will probably enjoy the movie , provided you realize the story is similar , but enough changed that -LRB- beyond the obvious differences between books and films -RRB- it is a different experience .
 My only disappointment in this movie has to do with the variations from the book . Otherwise , it kept Narnia alive from the hard-to-beat 1st movie in the series .
 This was a good movie I liked it , but since this is the last movie that all four of the Pevensies are in Narnia together I really have no desire to watch the last film.The battle scene was awesome but not as good and the first film battle . But this was n't a bad movie , I might buy it on DVD .
 I love this movie ! It 's my favorite one out of the series ! I would recommend anyone to watch this movie !
 This is the second in the Narnia series . It 's just as good as the first , except for Reepicheep , who makes the movie ever so much better . I love these .
 Great movie for the whole family to enjoy ! The kids -LRB- 10 , 8 , & 6 -RRB- liked it even better than the first one .
 A bit off from the book in terms of accuracy , but still a great story line and movie . I 'm glad to own it .
 Now I need to say that I liked the movie . Movie played with no problems . I really bought it to complete the series .
 First have to say , LOVE Liam Neesons voice as the Lion !! Our family has the whole series and would n't trade it for anything , great family time !
 Although it did n't do as well as the first installment , The Chronicles of Narnia - The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe -LRB- Two-Disc Collector 's Edition -RRB- , I found this movie to be just as good , albeit a little darker than its predecessor . This time around , the Pevensie children are whisked unexpectedly back to Narnia when Prince Caspian summons them via a magic horn ; however , 1300 years have passed from their last visit . Aslan the Lion has been missing , so it is up to the Pevensies to restore Narnia to its former glory since The Telmarines seized it , forcing the animals into hiding from the evil Miraz.This film is not only darker , but even slightly more violent , and should be watched with caution by very young children -LRB- if at all -RRB- . The previous cast returns ; the standout for me is Georgie Henley as Lucy . Some child actors become more self-conscious and less natural as they age ; in her case , she has only improved and shows the proper mix of innocence and maturity that is required of her character . As Susan , Anna Popplewell shows a flair for comedy in her slight romance with Prince Caspian . There are nice touches linked from the previous story , especially with how Edward is able to vanquish `` a problem '' from the previous story that he was once spellbound by.Onto the extras and specs ! The movie is presented in 2:40:1 ratio , with 7.1 DTS HD Master Audio -LRB- 48khz/24 bit -RRB- ; the extras on the blu-ray are also presented in Hi-Def -LRB- 1080 -RRB- with 5.1 Dolby Digital sound . Needless to say , the picture and sound are fantastic on this one!Blu - ray Disc 1 Extras : * Circle-Vision Interactive
 Disney has unleashed another fantastic chapter from the Chronicles of Narnia.Now `` Prince Caspian '' , does not follow the book of the same name as loyally as the first did . Instead we dig in much deeper into the depression of Narnia and get a few spectacular battle scenes . This film is a lot darker and less magical than the first , it is however so much more meaningful.Clearly this movie breaks out from the clean cut `` the Lion , With & the Wardrobe '' . It crosses territory only `` Lord of The Rings '' had before and it proves to be an excellent effort . As a sequel it 's good but on a stand-alone its classic.This is a must own . Any other negative review only deals with the fact that it 's not page-by-page from the book and that it 's not as magical as the first ... but really like Aslan said `` Things Never Happen The Same Twice '' and chances are most of the generic public never read Prince Caspian -LRB- which btw is not one of the most popular books and also lacks any real action -RRB- .
 This review comes from my wife Sarah , who is a big fan of the first movie
 I have studied C.S. Lewis and his masterpiece series The Chronicles of Narnia for some time and have come to know and love these books in side out . I feel that Disney has made an EXCELLENT adaptation of his second novel in the series , going by order published . If you are a fan of the books the few scenes they had to cut for time are really not missed and the information gleamed from these chapters are given later . And if the viewer is not totally familiar with the book they are definitely not left confused.Compared to The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe it is much more action packed and the young stars play they parts perfectly . My favorite character Edmund is much more like-able in this movie and has wisdom gained from his trials in the last installment is apparent . Peter grows in this movie in his ability to give the throne over to Caspian at the end , as there were some power struggles between the two throughout the film . The love story between Susan and Caspian nicely balances this action packed films , and though corny at times it helps move the film along . And again we see young little faithful Lucy not being understood by her fellow siblings , except now Edmund is on her side , as she thinks she sees Aslan early on . But her faith prevails and they are able to gain the aid of the Great Lion.All in all , my favorite film of the year and now a new addition to my all time favorite films .
 This movie is amazing ! I 've read the books , luv them , and the story is followed very well . The original books are fantastic fairy tales of other worlds and mythical creatures , but the movie takes the 1 dimensional story and gives it life . It gives charcter to the characters , who in the book are a little flat . They lack personality , dont struggle with right and wrong , and dont really have disagreements . like i said , the book is a fairy tale , and is written as fairy tales are . * SPOILERS BELOW !!! * In the movie , there is the added power struggle between caspian and peter , the romance between caspian and susan , the advancement of edmund by bringing him from simply being the younger brother to a young man who can handle himself without the help of his older siblings . And of course dont forget lucy , who has grown up quite a bit from the last movie but even after all they 've bin through , she still faces the dilemma of being treated as an ignorant child.If you want to compare the pevensies of the lion the witch and the wardrobe against to those of prince caspian , there are some significant changes . peter as grown used to his role as high king , and is a bit focused on having the power and being leader . Susan has matured in that she is now a useful person to have around in a fight . In the first movie she is involved with aslan at the stone table and misses most of the battle , but in this movie , she gets in the midst of the battle , fighting alongside the boys . Edmund has also grown up a lot . In the first movie he is mostly seen in peters shadow after he joins aslans side of the war . in this movie , he has a swordfight one-on-one where he shows his skill as a swordsman . Later he shows more of his prowess as a warrior during the raid on miraz 's castle.lucy , a main focus in the first movie , being the person who discovers the land in the closet , is now older , but unlike the others , her faith in aslan is still very much alive . she is the person who rediscovers him , and brings him the the front of the battle.The actors in this movie are very convincing , and while watching , pay attention to the music . it is very good and gives emotion to every scene . Speaking as a girl , i also feel the need to point out that the actors are not half bad to look at . just throwing that out there ... : -RRB-
 It 's rare for a sequel to outshine the original . `` The Chronicles of Narnia
 Fantastic movie . I have the ealier one , Chronicles of Narnia , the Lion , the Witch , and the Wardwarb , and this is an excellent sequel to it . My 4 y.o. daughter enjoyed it too .
 A year has passed since the four Pevensies stumbled out of Narnia , and Susan believes they should get used to living permanently in their own world . After all , she , Edmund , and Lucy have been able to blend back into English society . Peter , unfortunately , is a different story . Accustomed to being High King , he strongly resents being treated as a child ; and when the four are called back to Narnia by Susan 's magic horn , Peter carries his resentment with him.But Narnia is not the same land the Pevensies left . Over a thousand years have passed since their departure , and technologically advanced -LRB- at least for medieval times -RRB- Telmarines rule the country . Thoroughly modernistic , they hate and fear even the stories of Old Narnia , although they are somewhat pacified by a mistaken belief that the Old Narnian creatures are extinct . It is in this world that the Telmarine prince Caspian has been forced to flee his scheming uncle Lord Miraz , who wants to kill Caspian for control of the Telmarine throne . Given Susan 's horn by his half-dwarf tutor , Caspian blew it at a time of need and called the Pevensies back.Caspian has convinced the Old Narnians of his ability to lead when Peter and his siblings arrive . Due to a misunderstanding , their first meeting is actually a fight , and the relationship between Caspian and Peter improves little even after the confusion is cleared . Between the arrogance with which Peter leads , the anger at Miraz that Caspian fails to control , and the insecurities that both secretly harbor , the two allow their personal problems to interfere with their duties . An even greater problem is that only Lucy -- and to a lesser degree , Edmund , who has learned to respect her -- seeks Aslan 's guidance . The vastly outnumbered Narnians have no chance at winning without Aslan , but pragmatism causes Peter , Caspian , and the Black Dwarf Nikabrik to look for other means of victory . Only a near disaster inside Aslan 's How shows all concerned that without Aslan , the Narnian cause is hopeless . And nothing short of a miracle can avert defeat when the Narnians and Telmarines face off at last.While the directors made many changes from the original book , none but a minor Susan-Caspian romance would probably have displeased C. S. Lewis . The characterization is strong ; many of the seeming changes are actually a tweaking of hints already in the book , mainly from a following-Aslan-in-the-dark sequence that did n't make it into the movie . Peter and Caspian are both learning about leadership ; Susan struggles with doubts about Aslan ; Lucy learns the necessity of following Aslan even when no one else will back her up . Edmund 's mistakes have affected him more than anyone else ; while none of the others ever mentions his betrayal , he can not forget . Only once does he speak up during a council meeting , and then to defend Peter . The statement of Lewis at the end of LWW , that Edmund became a quieter person than the others , comes to mind . Also , an interesting twist in the betrayal of Miraz 's underlords is thrown in . Glozelle starts out by attempting to obey Miraz 's orders to kill Caspian . In the end , he shows mercy to Caspian and is spared . Fellow-conspirator Sopespian chooses to stand against Aslan and is doomed . Really , that is the movie 's central theme
 My 2 yr old granddaughter and 3 yr old nephew loved the movie , so much action . Even the adults loved the movie , it stopped them during their conversation and they just sat and watched the movie with the children .
 I really liked this movie . Was a bit nervous when saw that Adam was going to direct it . I thought he did Wardrobe a bit of a dis-service and was really disapointed , but he did a bang-up job on Caspian . It 's a darker movie , which I like , the battles are well done , with Pete Jackson 's shadow over them all though ... -LRB- nothing can surpass Return of the King 's final battle -RRB- . the effects were better for the most part.The 2nd disc has some good behind-the-scenes video 's though I wish there was more on the computer FX ... kind of surprised there wasnt much on them.Overall an emotionally moving film . Looking forward to Dawn Treader .
 This was a great deal and included free shipping which was shipped in short period of time great service !
 Although Caspian is , in my opinion , the weakest of the Narnia books , it made for an excellent film . I enjoyed it thoroughly . The acting , while not superb , is still quite good and I think they have found future stars in some of the children . The special effects were magical and the locations perfect for Narnia . Although they changed some things from the book , the changes they made were perfect and added depth and excitement to the film . As a fan of the books , I was not disappointed and I think that those who have not read the books will still enjoy this movie . It is a children 's film , but I think that adults will still definitely enjoy it . I highly recommend this film .
 This 2nd installment in the Narnia movie franchise picks up one year after the end of the first movie ; in England time . When our four heroes return to Narnia , it is actually a millenium later . But the ensuing movie is just as exciting as the first one , with even some romance thrown in at the end . Like any good fantasy movies , Prince Caspian has several grand battle scenes , creatures of various species interacting with each other in English , great swordfighting , and some double-crossing , both by good guys and by the bad guys . All in all , a great 2 + hours of movie-watching experience . Some of the movie does take part in the night , so turn of the lights while watching it .
 I was pleased with the product . It arrived earlier than the scheduled time and in good condition . It was also considerably cheaper than the other areas where I shopped for prices , even with the shipping and handling cost .
 In this movie version of C.S. Lewis ' second Chronicle of Narnia , all is not well in that land . Hundreds of years have passed since the Kings and Queens of Narnia vanished , and now savage men focused only on war and violence rule . Fortunately , there is a rightful heir , and even more fortunately , he can call on the Pevensie children to return and fight once more.For some reason I missed the Chronicles of Narnia as a child , and on first reading them as an adult I found them enjoyable but feeble compared to J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle earth . I feared that I would have the same reactions to the movies , but I am glad to report that Prince Caspian , like its predecessor , fully depicts the grandeur , beauty , and emotions that C.S. Lewis intended . The movie faithfully depicts the story , with some violent battle scenes , and faithfully transmits the symbolism as well . This comes in for criticism from those who dislike the Christian message and for misinterpretation from those who claim to be `` Christian '' but wish to hijack the religion to meet their own social/political agendas . What I find most appealing about both Narnia films thus far is that they show Christianity as an ideal , the way Lewis wished to depict it , and not as self serving types would want to misuse it .
 We have enjoyed this immensely . The Narnia Chronicles are a favorite or our family and we enjoyed this movie immensely . It will be a treasured movie in our library for years . My only regret is that the director tried too hard to turn this into the Lord of the RIngs which was not needed to produce a good movie .
 My 7-yr-old daughter and I had loved the Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe , and we were looking forward to watching Prince of Narnia . This movie does not disappoint ! We loved the story ; it even has a romantic element in it , which surpised me , but it 's all innocent . Lot more fighting scenes than the first movie , but my daughter did n't mind at all . We were disappointed , however , due to the fact that this DVD did n't have any fun special features , such as bloopers , like the LWW DVD had .
 A few people have taken issue with the assault on Miraz ' Castle in the film , saying `` it was n't in the book . '' Not quite true . The day before the Pevensies arrive there is a major attack on the Telmarine army , which -LRB- due largely to a blunder by giant Winbleweather -RRB- goes badly , & many Narnians are killed . Explaining all this in a movie would be boring , at the very least . So instead Andrew -LSB- Adamson -RSB- moves the timeline about a bit & there you have it . This time it was Caspian who made the mistake , but I can hardly blame him ... After the end - how long before Queen Prunaprismia -LRB- sp ? -RRB- & General Glozelle take power on the island Aslan sends them to ?
 We bought this DVD -LSB- ASIN : B00005JPH2 The Chronicles of Narnia
 I do love the series . The casting was excellent . Lots of humor mixed in , which altered the tone of the movie a bit . I agree with others that the battle scenes comprise too much of this movie at the expense of plot development . The parts that needed to be developed were thin at expense of lots and lots of battle scenes . Seemed like most of the movie.Lots of laughs mixed in as the characters seek to keep each other level-headed and down to earth : Admirer
 An excelent presentation in both audio and video quality . At times the video is reference material . The story , however , did not have the emotional appeal the first Narnia release had . This chapter is for slightly more mature audiences with intense combat scenes that may not be for small children .
 This movie is awsome ! picture is awsome , and sound is awsome ! Highly reconmended to watch !
 This was a gift for my grand . The family got a blue ray dvd player for Christmas . They enjoyed the extra sharpness of the blue ray video .
 This is a great and fun family movies . The video is excellent . The audio , 7.1 DTS master audio was some what disappointing . The audio was average and by far , does not make the top 25 list for best sound -LRB- audio track -RRB- on blu ray .
 This video goes above and beyond for quality . Any Narnia fan needs to have this !
 My family & I recieved this movie as a Christmas gift from my parents . This movie has some wonderful life lessons in it ... For example , what can happen if you are too proud to ask for help . Most movies that are made today do n't have anything for kids or adults to learn - you just walk away saying `` oh - that was a good movie '' or `` What a waste of time `` With this movie , not only did I walk away saying that this was an exceptional movie but also with a bit more to ponder , that is if you pay attention.The graphics are very well done and the blu-ray is outstanding . The extras on the DVD are even very good to watch -LRB- they really give you a good feel for the movie and all that went into making it -RRB- . Now , I have n't read the book yet but I think this is a great movie for all kids and adults to see.I really enjoyed the first movie and I thought this one was just as well done . I know some other reviews beg to differ but then again , when has any part 2 movie ever received as good of reviews as the 1st ? Well , I think this one should have . Oh - just as a side note , if anyone can fall a sleep during this movie then they could probably sleep through a real battle as well : - -RRB- This is an excellent movie to watch & would recommend it to all . I just really wish that Disney had n't backed out of making the 3rd Narnia movie . I would have really liked to see that one .
 I really like it . Of course I am a sucker for these fantasy movies . I even liked Golden Compass . This one was better quality than the first . But just did n't move me as much . I have only seen it once in theater and once on disc . Maybe as I view it more , it will get me .
 This is a good movie but I think the first one is way better . So bad Disney do n't want to make another one
 The first Chronicles of Narnia movie , `` The Lion , The Witch and the Wardrobe '' came out around the time that many fantasy books were being bought up and while it was n't as affecting or as memorable , it did do its job well despite some dodgy CGI and some ineffective directing during battle scenes . But it was still a success so out of the 7 books written , the next to be made was `` Prince Caspian '' but instead of releasing it at the time of Christmas like last time , Disney decided to play with the big boys and put it in the summer , being effectively sandwiched by `` Iron Man '' and the 4th `` Indiana Jones '' and let 's not forget about that certain bat movie . So `` Prince Caspian '' grew less and people did n't like the tone but will it find a bigger audience at home or was it possibly too dark and not enough magic?The Pevensie children , Lucy , Peter , Edmund and Susan , have been living in England for a year trying to get back to normal which is tough after saving the magical kingdom of Narnia . Out of the blue , they 're returned to Narnia only now it 's almost abandoned with nary a creature in sight , only ruins . Seems that near a millennium has passed in the land of Narnia and thanks to Telmarines , the race of men , the citizens of Narnia have been all but extinct . Rightful heir to the throne is Prince Caspian who 's been targeted by death by his uncle Miraz who wishes to take over the throne and so with the help of the Pevensies and the Narnians , Caspian hopes to defeat the incoming soldiers.It 's usually common practice for the second film in a series to be a little bit more darker in tone or at least more adult , thinking being that since you 've grown since the last book/movie , so have the characters . But then again , Narnia is a children 's series of books with adult fans and an adaptation that screams for something more exciting so it 's kind of like the `` rock and a hard place '' saying . Go too dark and you 've alienated mostly everyone whereas if you keep the warm , friendly family tone then you 're just lightweight fun and nothing more . And I can say that `` Prince Caspian '' does maintain an excitement about it and the last battle is quite awesome however the tone and even the pacing of the film feels a bit ... off and whereas the previous film had many moments of otherworldlyness and fantasy moments , this film feels more like a normal adventure film with characters in it from fantasy . Maybe if they ever make the third they 'll combine the 2 and make it better but this film feels less fantasy and more adult than you 'd hope a film like this to have.That being said , many elements have been improved on from the quality to the animation -LRB- save for a dodgy late film sequence involving a river -RRB- to the character performances and even Adamson 's directing skills have been a little bit more improved and despite some complaints about it being too different than last time , it 's still engaging and keeps your interest though I wish Aslan had a bigger role though he is that secret weapon that when unleashed , practically owns everything in the room , his limited involvement kind of hurts it and he might as well be a cameo or at least to show you that despite the talking mice and dwarves , the lion is still in the movie . Then there 's the odd brief sequence from a character from the last movie that kind of gives a `` what was that for ? '' feeling . But the villain is just as sinister as Tilda Swinton was and Reepicheep , a swashbuckling mouse voiced by Eddie Izzard is memorable -LRB- though sadly not used frequently -RRB- and you have a movie that works well enough for adults and even kids might like it though might need to turn down the volume a little . Even the entrance to Narnia itself this time is rather ... loud.The Narnia films seem to be the easiest contender to fit alongside `` Harry Potter '' and the `` Ring '' films for some of the better fantasy adaptations but there just seems to be something not getting across , something that feels bigger than the sum of its parts where it turns from a good book adaptation to a great movie , period . `` Prince Caspian '' is worth a look but it might not be anything more .
 The first Narnia film was good and they only did better on the second . I ca n't wait for the next installment .
 Great show , got it in a timely manner , the price was good . Packaged safely .
 Good movie , but my kids were sad that at the end of the movie , the 2 older children are n't allowed to return to Narnia in the next installment . `` Their work is done '' is the reason given by Aslan . But still a good movie .
 The product arrived quickly and in great condition . It worked well and was enjoyed . I am glad it arrived in time for Christmas .
 I was puzzled on this movie as to what rating to give it . On the plus side , it has a wonderful insight into the nature of God . The reason that we dont often see God is that we are not looking for Him or we are just not looking in the right places . In the movie , the Characters did not see Aslan , but that was because they were not looking for him . Only Lucy was able to find Aslan because she wanted to see him.The other excellent point the movie made was that we need to wait on God . King Peter made the mistake of not waiting on Aslan . He made a bad military move that cost him a lot.It was just a little too predictable for me . For example
 The first in this series was so excellent because relationships were primary and special effects and fighting was secondary . Unfortunately , this order got reversed in the sequel , `` Prince Caspian '' . The special effects are astounding , and the fight scenes are ad nauseum ; I just wish the relationships would have been more developed . I love Aslan , and we only get a glimpse of him here as opposed to The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe . # 3 ???? Let 's hope for the best !
 Gave as a gift to my 15 year old daughter ... She put the digital ed on the iPod within hours of opening it . Good bundle at a great price .
 Watched it as a family and everyone enjoyed it . Great way to spend the evening with your family and watch a movie that ALL can sit and watch . A must to have in your movie collections .
 I purchase this as a gift so can not really review it , but the recipient -- our 12-year old grandson -- seemed very pleased .
 Disney has unleashed another fantastic chapter from the Chronicles of Narnia.Now `` Prince Caspian '' , does not follow the book of the same name as loyally as the first did . Instead we dig in much deeper into the depression of Narnia and get a few spectacular battle scenes . This film is a lot darker and less magical than the first , it is however so much more meaningful.Clearly this movie breaks out from the clean cut `` the Lion , With & the Wardrobe '' . It crosses territory only `` Lord of The Rings '' had before and it proves to be an excellent effort . As a sequel it 's good but on a stand-alone its classic.This is a must own . Any other negative review only deals with the fact that it 's not page-by-page from the book and that it 's not as magical as the first ... but really like Aslan said `` Things Never Happen The Same Twice '' and chances are most of the generic public never read Prince Caspian -LRB- which btw is not one of the most popular books and also lacks any real action -RRB- . This blu-ray edition is fantastic . By Far one of the best blu-ray 's to ever come out , the PQ is excellent and the audio comes uncompressed with a powerful and never dull 7.1 mix .
 The Chronicles Of Narnia
 Prince Caspian has everything you want in a movie . Action , drama , suspence and even an unexpected romance . But the thing that really blew me away was the originality.It was n't The Lion , the Witch and The Wardrobe all over again as most sequels are . It is so much more intense and in-depth than the first one . The feeling , aroma andpresence is a whole new concept . Even the majority of the charaters we 've never seen before -LRB- with the exception of the Pevensie children , Aslan , Hunger , Thirst , and yes , the White Witch -RRB- . Now I know the producers did n't write the original story , but is n't that the delimna of all modern age movies ? C.S. Lewis deserves much ofcredit for this masterful production as he was the one who started the legendary chronicle . Prince Caspian was definatly the best movie of it 's time and I give itfive stars as it deserves . After all is n't Narnia supposed to be magical ?
 A year after their adventures , the Pevensie children are chafing at their mundane lives in an underground train station on the Strand . The next thing they know , the wall behind them is moving . It 's magic , they know , and it takes them to Narnia.But , there were n't any ruins in Narnia . Plus , the dancing trees no longer dance . And the beasts in the woods are n't friendly anymore . While a year has passed in their time , it 's 1300 years in the future for Narnia.Narnia 's been driven near to extinction by the Telmarines , a race of humans led by Lord Protector Miraz -LRB- Sergio Castellitto -RRB- . In the beginning , Miraz is only serving as regent for the Telmarine throne , but his wife is laboring in childbirth . When the news comes that she 's borne him a son , he sets plans in motion to kill his nephew Prince Caspian 10 , the rightful heir to the throne -LRB- played by Ben Barnes -RRB- . The Pevensale children
 I loved all seven books of The Chronicles of Narnia , and enjoyed The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe 's movie adaptation when it came out a few years ago -LRB- I do n't really consider the BBC movies to be good or valid , so I tend to block out the fact that I 've seen them -RRB- . I ca n't say that I did n't enjoy Prince Caspian , but I was disappointed in the amount of `` creative license '' taken . What was all that tension about between Caspian and Peter , anyway ? It made them both seem petty and immature , and diminished their roles as nobel , `` good '' young men . And why , oh why , does every director think there needs to be a romantic interest between any characters of the appropriate age ? That was just plain dumb , in my opinion ... Susan is dislikable enough as it is without making her irritating as well.I sometimes wonder if the people who write the screenplays ever read the original books they 're supposed to be adapting . Although Prince Caspian was n't `` that bad '' when it came to it , I can only see a future of more and more deviation from the story as the movies go on -LRB- look at the Harry Potter movies and how vastly different from the books they 've become , compared to the almost-perfectly-done first HP movie -RRB- . I would love to see more of these , but I would enjoy seeing them made well.Another reviewer mentioned that he/she could n't connect with the characters because of so little dialogue , and I realized that 's what I 'd been missing without being able to pinpoint it . The dialogue and banter in a movie are the only insights we get to a character in a movie , since we ca n't see inside the mind as we can in a book . Not every viewer prefers slam-bang action over plot content.Yes , yes , I 'll most likely see the next Narnia movie if/when it comes out , but I 'll be hoping for better things .
 This is an excellent sequel to The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe ! I recommend it !!!!
 Exciting for the kids and parents both ! The film is full of adventure and presents a message that is incredible once grasped ! No bad language , no filth - just good , clean appropriate material for kids and very entertaining for adults .
 This movie is GREAT , possibly better than the 1st . All 3 of my kids loved it as much as me . They are 3 , 10 , and 14 , so all age groups found it fun .
 This was the first Christmas present my 5 kids wanted to open , and then they couldnt wait to watch it .
 One of the best movies of the year , and all of the special features included are terrific !
 This was a Christmas gift for my daughter . Judging by her response - it was a big HIT . I was very pleased with the price and the fast shipping ! We are both big Narnia fans , and Disney has done an excellent job . If you liked the book , you will like the movie .
 I saw this movie in theaters the weekend it came out , and I enjoyed the movie very much . I had wanted to see it after seeing The Lion , The Witch , and The Wardrobe . After I saw it in theaters , I knew I had to get it when it came out on DVD . When I found out it came on DVD , I ordered it , and I 'm glad I did . It is a movie worth seeing and owning . I 'm looking forward to the next one when it comes out , no matter who 's producing the movie .
 This movie is absolutely wonderful ! My 30 year old husband & my 8 year old brother both love it !
 The movie is masterfully done and adheres closely to C.S.Lewis ' book . The DVD package itself not only allows one to watch the movie , but has numerous access to information behind the making of the movie , commentary , etc. , which is all included on the 2nd DVD . The 3rd DVD is an enhanced DVD/CD which will allow one to interact with their computer and the internet . The collection was well priced -LRB- better than the local stores -RRB- and a great bargain .
 The Narnia collection is great for every family . We have the 7-book series , and we have also `` The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe '' movie . My five-year old daughter loves to watch them both . C.S. Lewis carefully weaved christological ideas through the series , and I enjoy very much discussing the principles as a family.Susan is a case in point . In the books , Susan does not return to Narnia after `` Prince Caspian , '' but instead seeks life and properity in America . Despite witnessing the great events in the world of Narnia and the hope of Aslyn , skepticism and unbelief reign in her soul . Her character in this way describes a typical atheist personality.I can not wait until other Narnia movies are made as I love both current movies and the seven books .
 Once again , Peter , Lucy , Edmund and Susan , find themselves up to their elbows in fantasy and adventure , after being summoned back to Narnia . Determined to figure out who summoned them and why , as well as understand the changes that have occurred in Narnia since their departure , the four adventures set out to save their beloved world.Running for his life , Prince Caspian soon learns that everything is not as he had been told . While dealing with his uncle 's treachery , Caspian soon realizes that his uncle is behind the plot to kill him . Aligning himself with creatures he did n't believe existed , as well as with the siblings dedicated to saving Narnia , Caspian is determined to stop his power hungry uncle . Hoping to destroy two things at the same time , King Mraz blames the Narnians for his nephew 's disappearance and possible death , and makes a claim for the throne . Encountering mythical creatures at every turn , the handsome Prince sets out to save his kingdom with the help of those who are believed to be legends.Filled with wonderful scenery , vivid fight scenes , lots of action and a charming storyline , I believe Narnia will be loved for generations to come . And I sincerely hope that another installation in the series is in the works . I for one ca n't wait to see it .
 *** WARNING
 First off , I 'll comment on the spread of the reviews . The higher star rating , the more votes , which means more like it than dislike it . On the other hand , the dispersement of votes shows that it was not an overwhelming fan favorite . I suggest for that reason that you do not take this review by itself in deciding whether to purchase this.Let me give the basics . It is based on the second of C. S. Lewis ' Chronicles of Narnia . It has been over 20 years since I read this one , but from my memory this movie was not as faithful to the original as the first of the series was . A lot of those changes were effective for a movie . However , I think there was a little more romance than in the book , and more dealing with vengeance.There were two great lessons in the book . One of them , dealing with Reepicheep -LRB- who stole the show , even though he 's just a ... sorry , my thought was not very original -RRB- , was intact -LRB- after you see the movie or read the book , you 'll notice the irony of the word `` intact '' -RRB- . The other was juggled in the plot and lost the strength it had in the book.The special effects were great . My favorite was the shot of an arrow speeding through the air that looked like the arrow was standing still with the background moving.Can you take your kids with you to this movie ? Sure , but I think they would have enjoyed `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' better .
 This is the second of the seven stories from the Chronicles of Narnia . This Prince Caspian segment is filled with much more action , battles with tons of sword fighting , and dangerous situations for the kids who return to save Narnia . Perhaps a bit intense for the very , very young . Narnia characters are even more creatively made than when the strange creatures were invented for `` Star Wars . `` Viewing it with a kindergartner and a fourth grade student -LRB- boys -RRB- proved to be a hit with both of them as well as the 2 adults that watched it together . It has a sound moral basis and much better than a lot of the blow-em-up , kill-em-all movies currently being put out.Of course the small cost difference between just the movie and all the extras is well worth the additional to add to the enjoyment . Ca n't wait for the next Narnia adventure release supposedly in production already . I hope eventually all seven of C. S. Lewis stories are put to film , just like this one and the previous `` Lion , Witch and the Wardrobe . ''
 In the land of magic and talking animals , the moving trees save the day.In this movie the armies of the evil Spanish king that form up verylike Roman Legions are defeated by a rag tag army of beasts and dwarfs.The sequel toThe Chronicles of Narnia - The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- this movie has all those special effects and lovable English school childrenwho fight better than most adults . I think that the Christian morals of these C.S. Lewis tales has been somewhat lost in translation?I still love a good fantasy well told !
 *** This review contains spoilers adn this has turned into almost an essay . A thousand pardons *** I happened to take 3 cousins last night to the film and we enjoyed it a full theatre . All three , the 15 year old boy , the 11 year old girl and 7 year old boy , were enrapted by the film , and although they thought it was much different and darker than the Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe , they were n't scared . The 7 year old reacted once to a very tense scene -LRB- Caspian has the option of killing his uncle after Peter vanquishes Miraz -RRB- , but later remarked that he loved the movie.Some reviews have said Prince Caspian is dumbed down . I would argue it was right in spirit of the book and true to real life . It features a horribly wicked man who has already murdered his brother and now wants to murder his nephew for the sake of the crown and that 's straight from the book . Also fits in perfectly with world history and politics . Narnians were in hiding because they were being badly persecuted in the book too , and , because this was a very well made film , we are shown the persecution , not just told about it . The depth of Peter and Susan 's at their first separation in the first place are explored . And if you know Susan 's eventual fate at the end of book 7 , her pride and anger at Aslan are almost understandable.As for the violence
 I thought this movie , like most sequels , would be horrendous . Everything would be so confusing and the same as the first , but it was n't . For once someone actually stuck to the format of the book . This movie is very graphic so do n't let the rating PG let you take your eight year old to see it . When I was in the theater , seeing this movie , there were about seven eight year olds in the theater , at least three fourths of them were crying , wanting to leave . And the other fourth did n't even understand the movie and kept whispering to their parents questions about the movie . Just stick to showing the younger kids the first Narnia , it actually lives up to its rating . The only thing I did n't fully understand is whether or not Caspian will ever see Susan again . I hope he does , the series could use a little romance . Does anyone know ?
 I can honestly say that The Lion , The Witch , And The Wardrobe became my favorite film soon after I watched it . I waited in extreme anticipation for almost 3 years for this sequel . I was not disappointed.The scenes and structure had to be changed a bit for cinematic purposes as the book in it 's original wording and pace did not work well for a movie . But the story is still the same . And it 's a good one.The special effects are improved since the first one and several shots are mind-blowing . I can not wait for this dvd to release . I am definitly buying the 3 disc edition and any deluxe edition after that . I encourage everyone to do the same . This movie deserves it .
 I am a confirmed C.S. Lewis fan . Everyone at school knew this as I could frequently be seen toting his books around . So much so that for my final art project , painting a ceiling tile that represented a part of us that people knew from high school , I did a Narnian landscape . I saw this movie three times in theatres and rented it the day it came out even though I knew I would get it for Christmas in just in couple weeks.The movie and the book are SIMILIAR not the same . If you are a person who truly insists on book to screen purity this movie would disappoint . But for clarity and timesake the book would n't translate to the screen as well . Plus the film explores some interesting concepts with charactor development.In the book you start off in England , then go to Narnia where Trumpkin tells the events of the past few weeks -LRB- and centuries -RRB- to the children . In the book this works well but it just does n't translate to a screen , where flashbacks are a way to reveal something important , not a way to start a story than come back and go forth.However , it appears that the raid on the castle is the problem most people have concerning the adaptation . There is no such raid in the book . Not even anything close . But after introducing the Pevensies in LWW it would hardly seem right that they spend the first half of the movie listening to Trumpkin talk and taking a hike . Whereas exploring the Narian landscape and its changes in a book is exciting such a thing does not translate well on screen . Your imagination has less room to run.Peter 's personality is altered for the movie , but let 's face it the books are more concerned with situation than charactor , at least where Peter and Susan are concerned . Peter is flat . He is just a perfect thereness in the novel . So I was very impressed with his charactor development in the movie . It is valid to wonder how a high king would feel had he been stuck back in school as a relative nobody.This is not to say the movie has no flaws . Lucy comes off a little too perfect . Peter can not lead a charge without shouting something ` inspiring ' and Susan has a bottomless quiver of arrows -LRB- These both come off as laughable -RRB- . And there is a ` romance ' between Susan and Prince Caspian -LRB- which is annoying but ignorable -RRB- . I do feel it should be noted that this is not a movie for people to take young children to . There is quite alot of violence.I felt this movie was marvalously handled and can not wait to see the next one which I feel will make a fun movie that is much more light-hearted .
 THere seemed to be a lot of action and it was breathtaking watching this movie . You have to watch the beginning real close to understand the rest of the movie .
 My niece from the Philippines asked me to order this for her because she is just so into this . She says it is just so awesome ! The product arrived in time . Thank you for the great service !
 I enjoyed the movie and extra features . The first DVD was defective and the replacement was handled easily and without an unnecessary time delay and without costing me any extra money like return postage . KMB
 I did n't read the book beforehand and I did n't see the movie when it first came out . I did rent it when it came out as a DVD and ... I LIKED IT :-RRB- . I did n't see it initially because I heard that it 's a darker story than the first -LRB- so I did n't take the kids to see it -RRB- . I 'm glad I did n't read it before seeing the movie because it did introduce new ideas which I might not have welcomed.I liked the conflict between Caspian and Peter ... I would expect Peter to act that way since he was King for 15 years before going back home for a year , . . back to being a kid and taking orders rather than giving them . Lewis did n't expand on how they could have been bored during that year back home and I liked seeing that in the movie . Peter is still a lovable character though.They could have drop the little romance between Caspian and Susan though . The battle scene may have been long , but the sword fight scene was great.I feel that the little things like Caspian trying to rescue Dr. Cornelius -LRB- shows his strong bond to his tutor -RRB- , or confront his uncle during the castle raid -LRB- and when his uncle lost to Peter with the sword fight -RRB- , or the fail attempt during the castle attack , or blowing the horn at the moment when he 's down instead of planning to blow it as it the book is a better choice , or the tense scene when the White Witch is summoned etc. . . did enhance the story.The whole family enjoyed it .
 I have not watched this movie for about 4 yrs but I remember it being very moving in how it portrayed the sacrifice a person makes in leaving home and family to physically fight an enemy who is determined to take away another culture 's right and ability to live in a society with a democratic level of the right to choose for oneself one 's future and present . I met a man recently who said he had been in the battle portrayed in this film and he felt the movie was pretty accurate in capturing the intensity and brutality and terror of it .
 A bought a movie from Amazon and it came to the exact specifications as was expected . It came fast too !
 Fantastic viewing ! I hope there are more in the future.It was received in a timely fashion with no problems what so ever .
 I was very satisfied the product and the speed I received it I would do business with them again , I was very satisfied
 Yes . Yes . I know . This was not the book . You are right , it was not . Not even close . Just think of it as a different author telling a different story , in a different format , using familiar characters.The story and adventure were good.The action was exciting.The production was good.For a family film , it is worth keeping around .
 Great story but issues with streaming . It kept stopping so we had to wait for the next day to watch it .
 I just love The Chronicles of Narnia . A great family movie for all the family to see . I would highly recommend this movie .
 Now I have the complete set . I 've enjoyed these dvd 's since they first came out . I watch them quite often .
 Chronicles of Narnia
 The second installment of the Narnia series . The blockbuster movie of the beloved classic by C. S. Lewis . Peter , Mary , Edmund , and Lucy return to Narnia to help free the Narnians from invaders . They join forces with prince caspian to triumph over evil once again and save Narnia .
 We liked the movie .2.5 hoursOverall good entertainment and linkage to first movie was good.Movie scheme is darker , not as close to the book as we 'd like but action in HD was good . Depth and color stood out , but when much is night based it takes away a bit . Blu-Ray is suppose to be able to enhance even the night time movie filming , but this one did n't seem too . Two different HD TVs.Definitely teenager and up movie . Not one for the younger kids.Recommend :
 Excellent family movie for children 10 + . Good talking points around biblical analogies - an understanding of C.S. Lewis books is a tremendous benefit in understanding the biblical relationship .
 Narnia is back , but it feels more like the Dark Ages in England than like the magical land full of wonder and innocence that we were introduced to in the previous movie . I was puzzled by the change , as the children were when they were summoned back by Prince Caspian . Gradually , however , the reason for the darkness cast over Narnia became clear
 The Chronicles of Narnia
 I absolutely adored this movie ! As the other reviewers mentioned , it is a little darker and violent than the first , so be a little more careful with the little ones . I have an 8 year old nephew that liked the Lion Witch and the Wardrobe , but did n't like the `` scary violence '' . I 'll talk to his mom -LRB- my sister -RRB- and she 'll make the final decision . Other than that , it 's great and has a great message .
 Trust me , this is an awesome movie not because of some good action , but also because most of the time , the good guys failed without the help of Aslan -LRB- the lion that you 'll see towards the middle and the end of the movie . -RRB- Because a lot of us struggle with inner problems that we can not fix and that we need someone stronger to help , I give this movie a lot of points for keeping that theme . But , I noticed a few problems that may tick off people who are about to see PC . First , this is more intense than Wardrobe , you will not be finding the simple quiet but dangerous world that you saw in Wardrobe . That also means Mr. Tumnus and the beavers are out . It actually felt more interesting that we get introduced to new characters since most sequels fail just by having the same secondary characters with possibly that skater dude . Anyway , this is obviously not for kids due to the first scene when we have to watch Caspian 's aunt groaning as she gives birth to her son and dozens of fight scenes . Remember , this is a war movie , not techically a family movie . Second , that hag should have been killed a lot sooner -LRB- you 'll know what I mean . -RRB- Apart from that , go see PC and hope for Voyage of the Dawn Treader !
 I do n't get to say this very often , but the Prince Caspian movie was better than the novel.When I read through the Narnia series a few months ago , I had the thought that for the books to be made into good films , the Disney writers were going to have to add some scenes , to fill in the blanks where C.S. Lewis ' high creativity fell short.This film does a great job filling in the blanks . 4 or 5 key scenes were added to the film rather seemlessly , and moviegoers who have n't read the books in a long while wo n't even realize which scenes are new to the story . I had a hard enough time distinguishing , and I just read the novels.All that said , the movie is a good time ... humorous , action-packed , tense , and creative . More than anything , the film paints an accurate picture of Lucy 's faith journey with Aslan and how her siblings learn with her.Fun times . -- Reviewed by Jonathan Stephens
 Prince Caspian is the second film in the Narnia franchise and definintly avoids a lot of the miss falls of sequels , becoming a very worthy addition to the franchise.The film continues on after the first film , with the Pevensie children returning to Narnia a year after their first adventure . But as they look around them , they realise that this is not the same Narnia of which they remembered . It turns out that over a thousand years have passed and Narnia has been invaded by the Telmarine 's , who have pushed the Narnians into extiction and hold over the land with an iron grip . The children are now forced to take back their land , with the aide of the exiled Telmarine Prince Caspian , who seeks the throne from his murderous uncle Miraz.Like many fantasy films , this sequel is darker then the first , with a lot more action and battles then in LWW , which should appease fans who found that the action was skimping . The effects have also improved a lot as well and the addition of such characters as the mouse Reepicheep and Trumpkin the drawf adds some comic relief.While this is a good sequel , I still do n't think it exceeds the first film and that although there is a good dose of action , the magic dose n't really feel that present . However , I still think fans of the books will love this installment and will be waiting for the next one to come .
 I gave this DVD to one of my God-daughters as a Christmas gift . We watched it with the whole family and we all enjoyed seeing the movie . It is nice for young children to see and learn the battle between good and evil and watch good to prevail .
 It 's a great sequel for The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe . The xtras are good .
 I liked it . It kept my interest and I would watch it again . I like that there 's violence without the blood . The actors were really good -LRB- like the first -RRB- . I would recommend it esp . if you are CS Lewis fan .
 Disney has once again given us a memorable film . Although not quite as good as the original , this film is definitely worth owning and packs the punch featured in the first film in many areas . I do miss Mr. Tummis and the Beavers , but who 'd expect them to live after 1,300 years ? The acting is once again suburb , and the fighting sequences and the special effects are even greater than in the original . Its a shame that this film did not gross nearly as well at the box office as the first , but my guess would be because the film was overshadowed by the Dark Night which in my POV was complete garbage and a waste to watch/own . I hope that they make a 3rd film , as I read that the production of it has been put on hold due to Disney budget cuts .
 I love the second it was great and a good movie for the children to set and watch . Ti was alot more fight sceens in the movie , i think the best ones yet . This movie all together made me want to go and buy the bboks .
 All these reviews seem to be about the movie itself ! I want to know what 's in the boxed set and I 'm not finding that information . The movie was good -- so how about this DVD edition ?
 After enjoying the first movie , i was also pleased with the second movie.Many new characters are introduced and the movie feels like a freshnew movie and not a retread of the first one . The sets , the music andthe special effects are first rate , and its nice to see mass armieson the battlefields again ready to do battle for good or evil.I was entertained and cant wait for the next chapter ... A keeper
 This was better than the first , even though it was n't too close to the book . The 3-disk collector 's edition is the best version you can buy , it comes with a digital copy ! I was so happy to see this in theaters . If you notice in these movies they always get one popular character right -LRB- they look like they jumped out of the book -LRB- Mr. Tumnus , reepicheep , possibly Puddleglum -RRB- -RRB- I hope they make all 7 unlike the BBC version -LRB- only 4 , but still a good series.This is a great buy !!! So what are you doing reading my review , go and BUY IT !!!!!!
 Before anything else , I want to say that `` Prince Caspian '' is an excellent movie . I did , however , have some complaints about the one-disc edition . First of all , the disc says `` Disc One '' on it even though it was the one-disc edition . This , along with the fact that there are n't many bonus features , made me think that some company was being a cheapskate . I do n't have problems with being thrifty , but if it takes some of quality out of the item , I say it 's not a good idea . I was disappointed by the fact that the box did not contain a slip which tells you the scene selections . Also , the menu movie is not as good as the one in `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' . I do wish to say , however , that `` Walden Media '' did a terrific job with everything , from portraying Reepicheep to creating Narnia with real landscapes and realistic sets , such as the Dancing Lawn . `` Prince Caspian '' is a movie you should definitely watch if you are a Narnia and/or Lord of the Rings fan .
 In my opinion , the second in the series of the Narnia Chronicles has the best plot . All three movies are wonderful , and all are important to the story , but I enjoyed the 2nd one , -LRB- Prince Caspian -RRB- , the most . Characters are developed that continue into the third installment who are easy to befriend .
 as i lost the first one i had this is as good as if newand am verry happy with quickness of getting it . i will definatley be purchasing from amazon in futer . thanks so much , and you have great pricing also
 Loved this movie !!! Of course alot of that is due to the actor , Ben Barnes !!! What a great actor and a great looking guy !!!! I thought he was just perfect for the part . I 've read a lot of criticism about his accent but I think it adds to the factof the Pirate references and the differences in cultural background . I love all the Pevensie children -- Perfect casting !!!! I really do n't have a favorite but I love the acting of William and Skandar !! I liked everything about this film -- theacting , the story-line , and the characters !!!! I believe this film has been underated and is an excellent watch !!!! Like the first Narnia movie this also has great messages that are laid throughout the film !!!! The first 2 of the Narnia films are my favorite !!! I 've watched these over and over and never great tired !!!! P.S. and if you love Ben Barnes -- check him out in Dorian Gray ! He was great in that too ! It does have a lot of sex in the film but it is done very tastefully and it is necessary for the film !!!
 I am pleased with this purchase ! The item came on time , in great condition , and I love watching it!It was a great purchase with a great price !
 The story , the characters , the special effects , the deep meaning , and the overall look and feel of this film is wonderful ! It is like stepping into a magical world where you have an incredible experience . Ben Barnes is perfect as Prince Caspian and all the animal characters really add fun to the story . Aslan is my favorite character in The Chronicles of Narnia series and Liam Neeson does a nice job as his voice . I HIGHLY recommend this movie .
 As always , Disney has produced another first-rate production of the Chronicles of Narnia . The acting , wardrobe , scenerey and graphics are flawless and leave you with a deep desire for more . I can only say that for the extra $ 2.00 or less , the Disney production is light-years superior to the mediocre , cheap crud that the BBC produced .
 Very good movie . For children 7 and up ... any younger they may not grasp the concept .
 Where The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe was more of a carbon copy of the book it was based on , Prince Caspian carries over most of the Christian themes central to the story , but makes it it 's own and fresh for those that already know the book well and are n't necessarily looking for a verbatim regurgitation of what they 've already read.Not surprisingly , we bookworms rarely seem to fully appreciate movies based on the books we know and love because the film fails to subscribe as precisely to the book as we would like ; and if it does , it 's chosen tone often still does n't align with our own perceptions of what we read . As an avid reader and moviegoer , I know this feeling all to well , but I also feel that thinking that way only takes away from the enjoyment and personal growth that can come from a new , fresh translation.I 'll use the classic story of a sleepy valley near Tarry Town NY to illustrate my point . As much as I loved Tim Burton 's dark reimagining of Washington Irvings legendary tale , because of it , I now have a rule never to read books that are based on a movie , instead of the other way around . Reading `` Sleepy Hollow '' the book translation was essentially like reading the movie ; the book neither embellished on the movies script , nor tried to translate the films visual design , which was a huge part of the appeal , if not more intriguing than the story itself . Neither have the many cartoons that attempt to translate Washington Irving 's classic novella `` The Legend of Sleepy Hollow '' , merited a second look . They 're fine for introducing new generations to the classic tale , but do n't offer enough that is new to favor over re-reading the novella . But Burton 's Sleepy Hollow and Irving 's classic novella are as dissimilar as their respective mediums . And thus can be repeatedly enjoyed individually , even one right after the other , without getting bored by watching something you just read or reading something you just saw . Both , bring enough uniqueness to the table , that for a fan of either , it would still be worthwhile to check out the other.The same is true of Caspian . The beloved characters and age-old premise are still there , but in addition for fans of the story to being able to actually see this fantasy world brilliantly brought to life by the pinacle of cinematic technology and an uncompromising budget , we get a fresh story that 's more than just nuances in personal perception , like the first film essentially was in ways it differed fome the book.The movie is still faithful to CS Lewis 's Christain allegories . Though some side messages may have been compromised , if anything , the major ones have been magnified by changes that more appropriately compliment the cinematic medium . Thanks to this film , we can enjoy a fresh perspective and telling on CS Lewis 's heavenly inspired story from both mediums . The movie honors both his work and God 's message , dare I say even bettering it in the visual and sonic ways that only the best cinema can , but at least no less profound or worthwhile than what Lewis wrote over six decades ago in late 1949 . I also enjoyed Disney 's BD immensely . The picture and sound were as capably preserved as I had hoped they would be , even when projecting onto an unforgiving 100 '' screen .
 Great conituation of first book/movie . Would love to have the of the books made into movies too . Great condition and on time .
 Thanks for the movie we do enjoy having it . Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks
 I actually rather liked Prince Caspian . There are a few funny moments , and overall it is entertaining . I did not rate it a 5 because it is not as good as The Lion The Witch and The Wardrobe .
 I absolutely love Chronicles Of Narnia . Wonderful book series and movies . That being said , the movies do n't line up eye to eye on the books , but they do a wonderful job of bringing the series to life before your eyes.Prince Caspian is a very good movie , almost exactly faithful to the book . It is , however darker and more suspenseful when compared to the first film . I love the first film and this one as well , but I have to go with the first as my favorite , mainly because it speaks to me more in volumes than what the second one does . I love the soundtrack on Prince Caspian , especially the song that plays when they are on the beach . -LRB- which I still have n't found . -RRB- Overall , worth having , but do n't expect it to blow you away like the first movie did to everyone .
 OMG !! This was TERRIFIC ! I was so pleased that all the actors/actresses from `` TL , TW , ATW '' came back to Prince Caspian !!! It was awesome ... the sword fights , the battles , the waking of the trees , Reepicheep , and the bits of humor mixed in here and there ! I loved it !
 I am currently reading the books and of course I am finding vast differences between the movies and the books as you should . With that said the movies are still worth watching .
 We are fans of the 2 first movies . It is a very good option to have at home . We all love it .
 Not like the first but it is a very dark story in the beginning . Good special effects . Narnia is taken down a different path in this story line .
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies and one I can share with my kids . They love the silliness and as they get older we 'll keep watching it periodically . It 's fun to have a movie with bits in it for different age groups but that you can all enjoy together .
 What a great movie !! Much better than the first , the action is awesome , the scenery beautiful , the music just wonderful , and the actors were , as always , brilliant . I just loved this film and how the characters came together at the end to fight the Talmarians . There were a few bothering scenes as when Caspian and Peter would fight , but Susan 's character was great . At one point it reminded me of Legolas fighting and Lucy looks so grown up and her character 's growth from the first film is very nicely done . Edmund fights more in this film and he 's also great , his character comes full circle as you 'll see and the horse shots were some of my favorites as well . A must buy for anyone !!
 In the centuries since we were last in Narnia , things have changed . The Telmarines have overrun the country , sending the real Narnias -LRB- you know , the talking animals and mythological creatures -RRB- into hiding . The country is currently under the rule of King Miraz -LRB- Sergio Castellitto -RRB- until his nephew , Prince Caspian -LRB- Ben Barnes -RRB- is old enough . But on the night that Miraz 's son is born , Caspian flees and goes into hiding . In great danger , he blows the ancient horn of help.Meanwhile , in our world , only a year has passed for Peter , Susan , Edmund , and Lucy Pevensie -LRB- William Moseley , Anna Popplewell , Skandar Keynes , and Georgie Henley -RRB- . They are waiting for a train when they are suddenly called somewhere else . At first , they do n't realize where they are , but it does n't take long for them to realize they are once again in Narnia . Only years have past since their first visit since the castle around them in is ruins.When they learn of the plight of the true Narnias and Caspian , they set out to join forces and free the country . But with Aslan -LRB- voiced again by Liam Neeson -RRB- long gone , what can four children and a prince do?Let 's get the obvious out of the way first . They royally changed the story here . And as someone who has never been fond of this book in the series , I will say that many of the changes were for the better . They cut much of the first half of the book , which is the slowest part of the story . They made the battles -LRB- yes , they added one -RRB- more epic.But not all the changes were beneficial . The movie felt more like a retread of the first , something I 've never felt before . Peter here is moody and touchy , not the leader he is . That sub-plot and the theme of faith vs. reason and power are never fully developed but glossed over for the battle sequences . And let 's not forget the romantic sub-plot that felt forced but harmless to me.There is one major change I thought I would n't like . It expands on a scene from the book and sends the characters further down a path of darkness . Some will find it scary and upsetting , but I think it worked and was one of the better examples of the theme.For anyone disappointed by the battles in the first movie , you 'll be happy to hear this one makes up for it . The battles are epic and gorgeously choreographed . Couple those with the wonderful special effects we have become spoiled with , and you 've got a great feast for the eyes.But I digress . I was discussing the book versus the movie . I reread parts of the book after I saw the movie . Yes , they changed the story , but they also include some great lines from the book . Ultimately , they made a good movie . Even with the changes , the movie never overcomes the fact that the story is essentially straight forward and weak . But I like this version better than the book . -LRB- Is an avid reader allowed to admit that ? -RRB- Having made that confession , I will list my biggest disappointment . Trumpkin the Dwarf -LRB- Peter Dinklage -RRB- and Reepicheep the Mouse -LRB- voiced by Eddie Izzard -RRB- are not given enough time to develop here . What is here is wonderful . But these two characters are one of the redeeming features of the book for me , so I wanted to see more.Ultimately , I really did enjoy this film . I was drawn into the world , the characters , and their struggle . I laughed multiple times and was moved to tears as well . It was a great escape film with some good themes to think about later .
 I loved The Lion , The Witch , and The Wardrobe and when I found out they were coming out with Prince Caspian , I was sooooo excited . When I went to see it on my birthday with my friends , I had mixed feelings . I thought it was a very good movie . I was a little disappointed . It was n't very true to the book . Like the Raid on the Castle was never in the book -LRB- i still liked that part though -RRB- . There was a lot of battle too , it was n't bloody , but it felt like in the last 2/3 of the movie it was constant battle . I was a little disappointed they did n't focus much on Lucy and Aslan and the whole believing thing . The biggest disappointment to me was Susan and Caspian . They never fell in love in the book . I would n't have mind too much if they did n't make them kiss ! That was a disappointment . But other than that i really love the movie . I do recommend that young children under 6 or 7 do n't watch it in the movies . I 'm mature for my age and it was still a little hard for me to watch the scene where the white witch comes back . There may be some parts you will want to skip for the little ones . Very amazing actors and actresses . I absolutely love Georgie Henley 's acting . Almost everyone I know thinks Ben Barnes is very good looking . I love this movie and it is definitely going into my collection.Huge fan of Narnia and 11 years old
 This movie is a lot better than the first !!!!!! There is more color and action !!! There are more gryfans and creaters.I think it is an awesome movie even though they did n't follow the book.I think this is a great Christmas gift for anybody !!!!!! :-RRB- -RRB-
 I read the Narnia Series with my Dad when I was five , and have adored them since , so I am probably a bit biased in favor of the books.Even taking bias into account , however , I have to say that the film fell short of my expectations.The action and the special effects were incredible , and I certainly ca n't find fault with them , but the plot adaption and several characters were just awful.I liked the portrayal of Nikabrik , Trumpkin and Reepicheep -LRB- yes , he really is that disgustingly noble and battle-ready -RRB- , especially Nikabrik , and Miraz was a wonderful example of guy-we-love-to-hate . I also liked that we saw more of Prumaprismia , and that Glozzelle was changed from a lord to a general , giving us a good example that not all Telmarines are rotten apples.Caspian I also thought was well played , starting out as naieve , then with a growing maturity . The way he discovered that his uncle killed his father was a bit too ` Star Wars ' for my taste , but it could have been worse.I enjoyed how they brought back the White Witch as a temptation , simultaniously giving Peter and Caspian a slap up the head , and the symbolism of Edmund being the one to break the ice.The other characters , however , were something of a let down . In the Book Version of Prince Caspian , Peter is very mature and responsible , and tells Caspian that he has ` not come to take your place , but to put you in it ' . Given that , why is movie-Peter suddenly acting like a self-obsessed brat and playing my-throne-is-bigger-than-your-throne ? While watching the movie , I often found myself looking around to see if I could find Susan . Movie-Susan spends the first half of the film whining about just about everything , then turns into a fighting heroine a few seconds after meeting Caspian . What happened to the Susan who was a mostly sensible and nice girl , -LRB- She was called ` the Gentle ' for a reason , people -RRB- but listened to her fears too much . And when did she turn into a Xena-knock-off ? Lucy and Edmund I found very little complaint with , but I felt that their parts were very over-shadowed . I enjoyed how Edmund and Lucy were coming into their own , especially the way Lucy was standing up for what she believed in and showing the Faithful and Valiant Narnian Queen that we all love , and Edmund 's new maturity.On the other hand , I found the Susan/Caspian romance unrealistic and pointless . It served no real purpose , had no connection to the plot , and was badly-done to begin with . Yes , we are repeatedly informed throughout the series that Susan is the ` beauty of the family ' but they are in the middle of a war ! They spend almost no time together , have nothing in common , and Susan shows no interest until a few minutes before the end of the film , when she kisses him in front of everyone . Given the middle-ages setting of Narnia , that would not be seen as acceptable behavior for a Queen , especially with no formal intentions between them.Overall
 I 've seen a lot of movies lately , but I would have to say that `` Prince Caspian '' is one of the better ones out there . With thrilling , absolutely dazzling music and cutting edge cinematics , this movie is on the top of my buy list.I know that a lot of people who 've read the books seemed to be put out by the changes that were made from the original story , but the fact of the matter is , we live in a different world than that of when the books were originally written , and I do n't like to judge movies based off of books by the books themselves . I like both the movie and the book for themselves , without having to relate them.Admittedly , `` Prince Caspian '' is a much darker tone than `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' , but that 's to be expected when Narnia has been living under the tyranny of the Telmarins for centuries . It 's more violent , so be sure you watch who you 're letting watch it , but that 's what war is about . You ca n't expect them to tickle each other with feathers .
 Andrew Adamson did a great job doing this film . ! I hope Andrew directs the fourth one `` The Silver Chair '' .
 I 've read and heard numerous complaints about `` The Chronicles of Narnia
 Without going into too much detail about the movie , I think that it 's an overall success . Many can nitpick from beginning to end , but this is a fun , well-made movie that follows the book very closely.The four kids have grown up after a few years away from Narnia - even though the ratio of Earth years to Narnia years is roughtly 1:1300 . During that time away , the Narnians have been under siege and face the threat of extinction . In fact , humans from that age , the Telmarines , believe the Narnians to be extinct since their ancestors have savagely attacked the Narnians for centuries.At the presetn Narnian time , Prince Caspian is about to be usurped as the ruler of Telmarine , because his uncle Miraz has just had a son who is the potential heir to a throne . As medieval custome would have it , an assassination attempt is about to ensue.Naturally , Prince Caspian ends up summoning the Pevensies back to Narnia where they team up alongside the Narnian animals to fight against the xenophobic Telmarines . Just as the first movie , it 's still great to see the animals on the side of the humans ; the fight scenes take a ton of imagination and some very believable CGI . From gnomes to minotaurs , fawns to sphinxes , and even non-mythical animals that can speak , it 's one for all and all for one . Speaking of that philosophy , the Musketeer theme , a swashbuckling mouse stole the whole show . From the minute he appeared , he reminded me of the cat in Shrek , with prim and proper attitude , incredible swordsmanship , and a sense of dignity as a fighter.The sweet innocence takes a back-seat in this sequel . Whereas they were children before , the Pevensies are now much more mature - on screen as well as in real life . It 's similar to the Harry Potter series ; the kids ca n't stay the same age and the story must evolve . As a result , there is quite a bit more action in this movie , the battle scenes are harsher , and there is obviously some killing going on ... some of which at the hands of the children . Personally , I like this change.There are only two problems I had with the movie , both of which have been mentioned by other reviewers . The river scene was stolen straight out of the LOTR movies , as was the tree fighting scenes . Although , the trees did n't have faces in this version , and used their roots as strangling tools , whips , and bats . I do n't care when the books were written and who came up with the original idea first . When someone comes out with a thunder-stealing movie before yours is supposed to be created and/or release , it should be modified for originality . Nontheless , it 's a great movie , and I 'll happily devour every book-to-movie translation of the series .
 You can tell this is a Disney film
 If you recall , at the end of the chronicles of Narnia movie , the professor informed little Lucy she would n't be able to enter Narnia through the wardrobe again , and she 'd have to wait to see when she 'll return . The professor was right . In this new Narnia , 1300 years had passed in Narnia time , but only one year passed in reality . Lucy appears a lot taller than the last movie , however , Peter , Edmund and Susan remains their same height . The kids are waiting in a train station , on a platform in London without their mum.They are surprised by a gust of wind from a rushing train . The noise from the train sounds like people screaming and talking loud . They are captivated by the windows of the train . Their eyes are focused upon a beautiful Island that is seen through the train 's windows.Suddenly , they are sucked in and transported.Soon , the kids come to learn the ruins of Narnia . They seem to have forgotten how Narnia looked before . The same excitement in the first movie , is captured again , only with more challenges the kids have to face , alone with Aslen . I ca n't wait .
 You can learn a lot from Dr. Neal Barnard . I do n't care what youknow already , there is a lot more information on diabetes in his books .
 This book got my husband to the place he wanted to be , and that was getting off all his meds . We had been doing all the different diabetes diets , and some helped a little , but never really got him more than just a little lower blood sugar reading . This was not an overnight thing , but it happened very quickly , because not only did his blood sugar get back into normal range , but his weight is dropping , and his blood pressure is back to normal if not better then normal . One day he called me and was very concerned , because he had a blood sugar reading in the 80 &#8217; s , I asked him if he felt OK , and he replied ; I feel great &#8230; but he was nervous about the low reading because he hadn &#8217; t had that low of reading since he was diagnosed with diabetes . He has had his blood work done and almost all of his reading are in the normal range , and the funny thing about it was the nurse called him with his blood results , and was concerned she had to inform him he was pre-diabetic &#8230; my husband laughed , and asked her if she had even looked at his records , because just 6 months prior he was considered diabetic with a A1C of 9.0 and now it &#8217; s 6.0 &#8230; so yes , we would recommend this book to anyone even if you are not diabetic !
 I look forward to trying many of the recipes and really appreciate the nutritional information . However the information is based on a portion of the recipe such as 1/8 of recipe . This is really not helpful when the recipe is for a pot of soup . The soup would have to be divided into 8 servings to get an accurate calorie count . Even with that drawback I know I will enjoy some of the dishes .
 Interesting book . Helped me lower my high blood pressure and blood sugars without use of medication . I will highly recommended the book
 Very well done and informative . Dr. Barnard has all his facts straight and delivers it well . Very straightforward and to the point .
 This is a great book that every diabetic and their spouse should read . I wish we had known about what a vegan diet can do years ago !
 Good information for the disciplined diabetic . I did n't realize this was a DVD , but thought that it was a book . However , I am satisfied with the DVD and may even be more likely to watch it .
 My husband and I we are doing right . He feel better even me . this is the best book we ever read .
 I thought that I was going to really hear some great tips for things that I need to do differently . Learn more about diabetes . But , he was just so boring to me , so much that I fell asleep the first time that I tried to watch the DVD !!!!!!
 Received this dvd in great shape . Found the material presented well , and the overall quality of the dvd was very professionally done . I am an insulin using diabetic who manages my control , by , among other ways , counting carbohydrates.I read the book that goes with this dvd , and watched the entire dvd several times . I will not be adhering to the vegan lifestyle that Dr Barnard recommends , due to its extremely high amounts of carbohydrates -LRB- I am very carb sensitive -RRB- , as doing so would cause me to use high dosages of insulin.However , I did find lots of useful information in this presentation , and have adopted several meal/recipe suggestions.As diabetes is the only disease that can be controlled , I am always on the look out for new and effective techniques to incorporate into my lifestyle . For this reason , I will recommend this product to others.Thank you
 My husband and I watched this DVD together and learned a lot we did n't know previously about the connection between diet and diabetes . We were very encouraged to realize that diabetes is not a death sentence !
 Thought provoking , and well presented . I have recommended this to family and friends . And , I 'm now living this alternative life .
 This is a must to save your life . Food is medicine , and to live longer and healthier we need to have this information . This is common sense info about healthy eating habits . You can use this info daily and educate others along the way . Do n't hesitate to buy , listen to it over and over . Dr. Barnard is great , very kind , and soft spoken , and easy to listen to and learn from . Get this for your life .
 After watching the video , I change my eating habit and I see good result in my glucose reading .
 The DVD is worth every pennines for people who have Type II Diabetes , the content includes a good lecture , grocery shopping tour and food cooking demonstrations . Vegetarian -LRB- I can only adhere to 80 to 90 + % of it 's guidelines with about ~ 4oz fish -RRB- diet has helped me Lower my A1C -LRB- blood sugar -RRB- test numbers from a high 8.6 to 5.9 in about four months . I can imagine that strict Vegan diet can achieve even more and faster . Eating Rye also helps , My diet now is 95 % Vegan -LRB- No Meat & Milk products -RRB- ! A1C test after 6 month is down to 5.5 -LRB- Off Blood Sugar medication for now -RRB- . In order to achieve long term success , it is important to have a strong understandings of the medical reasons behind it , what Diabetes can harm us otherwise , develop vegetarian shopping + cooking skills , strong family and/or close friends supports and a family doctor that can appreciate vegetarian diet also help.Keep moderate exercise and drink plenty of water everyday also help .
 Dr. Barnard explains probably like no other , the concept of the vegan diet . I dont have to say that the scientific proof is put so easely to understand that there is no guessing . I purchased this DVD because my father has diabetes and I am determined to help him understand that his condition can acutually improve a lot if not disapear if he follows the advice of Dr. Barnard .
 This book and his other books are all about a Vegan way of nourishing your body and it is the toughest thing for me ! I 'm in the trying-out stage -LRB- 21 days -RRB- of this program and I come from loving most animal products . I 'm doing pretty well , but some of the vegan products like tofu are tough to get used to . However , I am discovering things I can tolerate pretty well each day . I wo n't give up as I NEED and WANT to reverse diabetes .
 I know the harmful effects of diabetes and know first hand how it can hurt the ones you love as well as your own life . I personally have 2 parents with type 2 and am doing everything I can so I do n't get it . Dr. Barnard really cares about people and for many years has given presentations on the topic to groups of people everywhere . You can view some of his videos online . If you have type 2 now and really want to help yourself - any of his books will give you a start .
 This DVD is so helpful to diabetics . There are even meal recipes and shopping help in this DVD as well as the messages from Dr. Barnard . An excellent help to diabetics .
 As a former out of control diabetic , who had a severe infection in my leg - that could have easily lead to amputation , I can assure you that the information in this DVD can not only help your diabetes and weight but could save your life.It is simple - it 's cutting out a few foods , adding a ton of awesome foods and with that - starting a path to reversing diabetes . Because of the work that Dr. Barnard has done I was able to get off all diabetes meds and have lost 150 pounds so far . It is NOT hard . It is a matter of a month or so to change your habits.You owe it to yourself to find out about the truth about T2 diabetes and how to reverse it . The DVD is a good intro - I highly recommend Dr.Barnard 's other book `` Taking Control of Diabetes '' as well as Dr. T. Collin Campbells book `` The China Study '' . Become educated about this horrible disease , and know there is hope !
 I sent my husband to the store to get me a book on carb-counting . He came back with this book instead . I was a bit miffed , but decided to read it anyway . I am so glad I did . Carb-counting is not the way to go at all . A complete change of life-style is the only way to reverse diabetes . I immediately went on Dr. Barnard 's program . In less than 2 months my fasting blood sugar went from 397 to between 80-118 , and I have lost 26 pounds . I eat lots of food and feel better than I have in years . I am so disgusted by what most diabetes `` trainers '' tell diabetics . I believe this book may well have saved my live .
 Dr. Barnard 's `` Tackling Diabetes '' is only for those willing to listen carefully and summon up th discipline to follow his not-too-complicated Rx . It helps ! I may later be able to say the type II I struggle with is gone . For the moment , I can say without hesitation , my blood sugar is considerably lower in the morning , which has been a constant problem for me . His clear , uncomplicated recommendations require commitment to a pattern of eating that can drastically reduce the presence of high glucose in one 's blood , help reduce weight , and help bring about a certain amount of personal peace.My opinion is that all plans to ` self treat ' diabetes should be shared with one 's doctor .
 Do n't let the title of this video stop you from viewing it if you do n't have diabetes . It deserves a much wider audience . The first hour of the video is a discussion by Dr. Barnard of the benefits of a vegan diet for those with diabetes , heart disease , and weight management issues , as well as those who want to stay healthy and avoid developing any of these problems . This is not a diet in the traditional sense . You eat as much as you want of any high fiber , low fat foods . All foods fitting this description are plant based , so you are eliminating all animal products from your diet . He gives simple guidelines on how to make healthy eating choices and explains how these choices affect your health . He also gives good tips on the easiest ways to make these changes in your diet . This portion of the video has aired on PBS . The next segment is a Vegan Primer cooking class with Chef Fiore , who demonstrates the preparation of several easy and delicious vegan recipes . Be ready to take notes on this part so you can try the recipes yourself . They 're excellent ! The last segment of the video is a trip to the supermarket with a nutritionist , who walks you through the market explaining how to find the most nutritious foods in your local grocery store.For many years I 've struggled with chronic fatigue and an extra 25 pounds that I could n't lose . Since following Dr. Barnard 's diet advice , I 've been eating much more and steadily losing a pound per week , as well as having much more energy . I highly recommend this video , as well as Dr. Barnard 's books .
 I am a 48 yr old male that weighed 281 pounds with blood pressure at 172/95 , LDL 148 , total cholesterol 240 , glucose 140 Type 2 Diabetic . I was a mess . In the last 10 years I had gained an average of 10 pounds per year . I had heard of Dr.Neil from a freind and deceided to look him up and find out about him . I deceided to purchase his book throug Amazon . I read it three times before I finally decided to give up the life that was doing me no good these past 10 yrs and embark on Dr.Neils formula . It was not easy to give up meat and chicken and white bread and white potatos ect . I changed everything and did everything he said to do in this book . I have been on this new way of life for the past 101 days and here are my new numbers . weight 232 pounds with blood pressure at 120/78 , LDL 78 , total cholesterol 133 , glucose 83 Type 0 Diabetic . I went to my doctor and he could not belive what had happened to me . He took me off blood pressure medication and the diabities medication . My life has changed . I am now a Vegan I never thought I could do it . Dr.Neils book is for people who want to live again . He will show you in this book why he does and why it works . I am proof . But I owe everything to Dr. Neil.My goal is be at 200 pounds by September of 2011 . Yes this year . All I can tell you I eat more than ever and my life is great because of this Dr.Neil . I have a long way to go but I am sure I will do it .
 Dr. Barnard 's diet for diabetes is not all that recent . He has published it previously . This book , however , is a really fine update to his previous barebones publication on the subject . My husband has diabetes , and when he follows this diet , he can maintain his blood sugar at a much lower number , and his ANC hovers around 5 . When he starts increasing his fat consumption -LRB- we 've been vegans for years , so flesh is never an issue -RRB- , his blood sugar again goes out of control . Some of the cruel facts are that diabetes is a killer and the longer you have it the less effective the medications become . This new book has some tasty recipes that make staying on the diet a lot easier . We hope that it has bought my husband several more years . For folks who think a vegan diet is too restrictive , you just have n't explored all of the wonderful food that is available to vegans . And ultimately , how much is your life worth ?
 After seeing Dr Barnard on PBS , I ordered his book and DVD on this subject and it certainly seems to have merit . My husband and I have been on his program for almost 2 months now and have both lost weight . My husbands blood sugars have stabalized in the low numbers , hopefully with deleting some of his meds in the near future and we are anxious to see how much our cholesterol has changed . The program is certainly different for those of us who have loved meat and ate way more fat than needed . Biggest challenge it to try new foods and establish a variety of meals . So far we have found ourselves quite satisfied and not feeling hungry . It is certainly a very healthy way of eating and planning to continue this program . I would highly recommend it for anyone seeking a healthier diet especially if you are diabetic and needing better control of your eating . For those overweight with the possiblility of becoming diabetic it is essential .
 I saw the video on PBS , the information is invaluable . If you have n't seen the show on tv , spend the $ 12 its a bargain!This information battles the biggest dangers faced by Americans today ; diabetes , obesity , heart disease and ignorance . As the Dr. points out , the modern diet is poison to the human body . The human body was developed eons ago before packaged foods , meat , sugar and when being active was required for survival . Our lifestyles have changed but our bodies are still programmed like we were cavemen . Sorry Geico.There is a lot of misinformation in the market and the good Doctor breaks through those myths and outright lies . Food labeled low fat , healthy and so on are often part of the problem . Sugar is the enemy ! It is in my opinion the reason so many Americans are FAT ! Sugar is not food , it has no nutritional value . Sugar is processed - extracted from foods and in this unnatural state is dangerous but ohh so delicious and addictive . Food companies know this all too well . This is why sugar is in almost everything.I myself have taken the advice but made some changes , keeping chicken and fish in my diet . I have lost 35 pounds on my way to losing 60 lbs . Its been very easy . If I were diabetic or pre-diabetic , I would go vegan as the Dr. recommends.So if you are diabetic , fat or have or worried about heart disease - or know someone with these problems , you must watch this show and change your eating habits . Take Dr. Bernard 's advice and save your life or the life of someone you care about .
 Dr Barnard 's lecture and the follow-up of shopping as well as cooking for the benefit of the diabetic is supurb . I feel so much more confident now . And it 's always there for reference if I need a reminder in the future . By following the vegan way of eating I have already lost 35 pounds and feel 100 % better . It 's so easy and such a wonderful feeling being satisfied while ridding myself of unwanted baggage .
 Simple concept that makes sense , and after 6 weeks has lived up to it 's promise . I 've lost weight , improved my glucose numbers , and feel I can live with the changes . I 'd like to know why more Dr 's are n't promoting this diet .
 Christ For All Nations Mighty River Praise & Worship VHSI Belong To JesusPierce The DarknessThanks Be To GodWe Are A Part Of His FamilyGlory Be To The Name Of The LordWorship In The SpiritWe Rejoice In Your LoveCome As A Mighty RiverThere Is A RiverWe Will Worship The Lamb Of GloryDraw Me Nearer To YouThe Balm Of GileadNo Eye Has SeenBut NowShow MeShout To The Lord
 The Showtime series from the 1980s that won cable ace awards is well worth the price . The cast and writing in the early part of the series was flawless and inspiring . I also enjoyed the cast and writing in the later part , however , because the main character was recast it changed the dynamics . It broke my heart when they cut the series short due to financial issues and wish it was n't so . It is well worth watching again and again .
 Habe diese Serie am 01 . Juni 2010 erworben und mir damit selber einen lange gehegten Wunsch erf&uuml;llt -LRB- sie wieder vollst&auml;ndig , in anst&auml;ndiger Qualit&auml;t zu besitzen und vor allem , endlich komplett und ungeschnitten -RRB- , - damals allerdings noch g&uuml;nstiger . Verstehe dies inzwischen auch nicht mehr so ganz , warum einige Filme und Serien sich hier im Laufe der Zeit nur noch verteuern , statt wie fr&uuml;her , normalerweise sp&auml;ter im Preis zu fallen . F&auml;llt also mitlerweile schon deutlich auf . Und irgendwo zu Recht beschweren sich einige dar&uuml;ber in Form von frustrierten Kommentaren zu Rezensionen.Aber nun zu der eigentlichen Reihe hier . Ich beginne mal mit den Darstellern , - zun&auml;chst die Gegenspieler , dann , die Hauptakteure . `` Robin Hood '' -LRB- im Original
 This Product came in excellent condition :-RRB- The films were clean . There were no scratches or marks on the dvds of any kind :-RRB- Yay !! : -RRB-
 Have been searching for this for years . Takes me back to time when fantasy seemed possible . Just as good as I remember . Thought I 'd never find it ... YAAAAAAAAY
 Its nice to have all of the episodes in one case . A much enjoyed series , which like anything good was ended before its time .
 Fun series . I used to watch it growing up and I found it incredible that I was able to find the whole series on DVD ! Thank you Amazon.com
 thanks for Amazon for having these kind of old series ... . i was looking for this series for very long time finally i got it ... it was good very good quality . . DVD s are bit hard to take off from the case , rather than that i was good . . picture quality looks like the original . . already i watched this series twice after the purchase . i love it .
 As a Brit , I have loved this series for a long time , but the price was a little daunting , when it went on sale for 1/2 price it was the first thing I bought . Michael Praed is a great pick as Robin Hood , but Jason Connery does a decent job as his replacement in season 2 . It does tend to focus on sourcery , so if you 're not into that then this would n't be for you . It 's great entertainment .
 It was delivered in record time , well under the stipulated period for overseas delivery and in excellent condition . The dvd 's were too tightly fitted which made removing them a task , but nothing a bit of patience could n't fix . Good buy , great service .
 Without a doubt the best portrayal of the Robin Hood stories that I have ever seen . I wo n't say it 's perfect though , but it is more realistic , even with the `` magic and mystical '' element which helps to create a real period feel to the production . Where the series excells is the attention given to casting and the characterisation . These guys look and feel real and `` just right '' for the part . Every other version I have seen , whether it be movie or series , never makes the mark in my view in this regard . The sets and costumes are wonderful . Given the budget , and the special effects facilities of the time , this production is nothing short of a miracle . In fact , if the FX of today were available , it may have detracted from the series , because there is a tendency to overdo , losing realism and character development at the same time . Worth every cent .
 I 've been searching for this series for years and had nearly given up.Then one day I thought to check Amazon.com to see if there was anythingavailable yet , and to my surprise ... there it was!I wasted no time in ordering the set and was pleased at how very fastAmazon got my order to me.As for the set itself , I found the disks to be a bit too tightly set in their case , and there was a minor issue with one of the disks -LRB- I found the quality of the DVD to be poor ... flimsy -RRB- However , that was the manufacturers problem and it 's one I see most manufacturers doing these days.The image quality of the shows was outstanding and I would rate this set a full five stars.Well worth the expense . Despite the minor disk issue.I give Amazon.com five stars as well ... my transaction was smooth and timely .
 Just got the collection . Watched it in two consecutive nights . I loved this show from the first time I saw it . Brought back many memories sitting in front of the TV with my Dad watching it . I agree with a follower reviewer , the casing is not great . It 's cheap at best . I will be removing the DVD 's from the plastic casing and store them in an soft DVD case . `` Robin of Sherwood '' was ahead of it 's time . I like the BBC America version of Robin Hood too , but this series had a grittiness to it that made it more believable . The `` pagan '' aspect of the show scared me a little when I first saw it -LRB- as a kid -RRB- , but now I understand the fantasy aspect -LRB- I 'm talking about the character Gunnar -RRB- . The acting was incredible . The writing too . I wish the series had continued , but I am glad to own this set , finally .
 Robin of Sherwood is from the 80 's but has aged very well . The stories and acting and overall quality is very good . I am enjoying it very much and would recommend it to anyone who likes sword and sorcery as well as historical drama .
 I first discovered Robin Of Sherwood via the Public Broadcast System here in America . The local university channel carried it under the name Robin Hood . It was the best version of Robin Hood I had ever seen . I 've seen several since , and in my opinion it is still the best by far . This may seem odd because of all the very unhistorcal magic , but this series comes closer to the spirit of the orginal 15th-century ballads than any other . In this version Robin is a yoeman rather than a disposessed noble . A couple of the original ballads are included in the stories , such as the tale of Sir Richard-at-Lea and the money he owes the local abbot . The acting is uniformly good and the interiors and exteriors feel real.One of the fun parts involves the games . Robin and his men train themselves with archery contests and mock fights , and several episodes feature these games in various forms , all in fun.It was the first version to have a Saracen character . Since then the movies and shows have all included one , none of them ever as good as Mark Ryan playing Nasir.In my opinion it is also the only series or movie that gets King Richard right . The stories either center around the ransom collected when Richard was captured on his way home from the crusades or around the hope that all will be well when Richard finally returns . The only problem is that Richard was only back in England for a few months before he took off again to make war on France , where he was killed . If Richard saves the day for Robin in the fight against evil Prince John then what happens to Robin a year later when Richard dies and John becomes king ? Robin of Sherwood gets around that by having Richard be portrayed -LRB- by the wonderful John Rhys-Davies -RRB- as the hard-bitten tyrant he was . He pardons Robin and his band on the promise that they will join him in his new fight against the French . When they agree he forces his nobles , including the sheriff , to accept the outlaws as equals . When Robin later challenges the king to devote his resources to helping the poor rather than waste them on another war , Richard secretly orders Robin 's assassination . The point is that Robin and his gang are going to be outlaws for as long as those in authority are self-serving , and are safe from no one.Toward the end of the second series Michael Praed , who played Robin of Loxley , decided to leave the series . Rather than find a lookalike actor they hit on a novel idea . There is one late legend , almost certainly false , which identifies Robin Hood with Robert , the Earl of Huntingdon . Since they had already had their Robin be chosen as ` The Hooded Man ' by the Celtic forest god Herne the Hunter , they decided to kill off Loxley and have him replaced by Robert of Huntingdon , played by Jason Connery . It was a good move and the series went for another 13 episodes in that form , and had some of their best shows.The final selling point for me was the amazing music by Clannad . At the time I described it as being `` as green as the forest itself . '' I became a fan for life and now own all their albums . A remarkable group created remarkable music for a remarkable show.Overall Robin Of Sherwood still gets my vote as the most historical and most fun version of Robin Hood.Herne protect us .
 I started watching this series on PBS years ago , and then it disappeared . I contacted my local station , but they never showed it again . Someone suggested that I try Amazon.com , and much to my delight , it was available . As we all know , there are myriad films and shows about Robin Hood , but this is by far my absolute favorite ! I love everything about this production from the music to the cast . Each actor seems to be perfectly cast for these roles . If you love the story of Robin Hood , I highly recommend this production . And it 's worth it to get the complete collection .
 I recall watching some of these episodes back in the 80s and when I rediscovered the series I bought it , hoping it would be as good as I remembered . It lives up to my memory for quality of story and entertainment value . The quality of image is not perfect by 21st century standards , but that could be the result of both the quality of the original copies and the extreme green filtering that was used in the first season.The story , particularly the 1st series has a great deal of coherency . I still find it amazing the the writer was able to maintain such a consistent story over several years . The magic in the first series is limited , subdued and more lurking than obvious . The second series shows a certain amount of budget cutting as well as the different writers who were employed . Magic becomes more commonplace in the episodes of the second series but does not detract from the overall story that is being told.The Sheriff of Nottingham is particularly well played through the series as is Guy of Gisbourne . Their changing and interweaving relationship over the series is almost as entertaining as the episodic stories and overall tale being told .
 i have yet to open the box as i am finally recovering after being one of those hit hard with the flu . but i know i love it as i have been searching for it since 1986 . it is a bbc production that was either made for showtime or sold the rights to showtime . this series shows how puny the bbc-america robin hood series is that is currently running as of this season . the writing , innovations , acting , and actors are very far above the more recent costner and even bergin productions of a decade ago ... give or take a year or so . i hate to give away the differences beyond the superior production , but if it talks you into it ; think of a melin overtone to some episodes . i go back to the errol flynn and alan hale jr. effort which to me costner shows he is no match even with decades of advances at his fingertips . this i sacreligiously say is superior than the original . it is greatly helped by being a showtime showing and not slaughtered by the censors . although it is still family friendly depending on the age of your family . under 13 it maybe over their heads . i can not wait until my health returns so i can enjoy it again and share it with those who were not fortunate enough to see it the first time . i would like to add that i do not buy movies . the productions and reproductions just et better and better with technology . prior to this i have purchased `` modern times '' a charlie chaplin great . disney 's `` fantasia '' as i was told it would never be offered again . and `` phar lap '' i believe an australian production about man 's humanity towards man both good and bad and his humanity towards animals both good and bad . not only the best animal/horse movie i have ever seen but also a great movie that holds its own with such as `` the grapes of wrath '' etc. i believe that should tell you how highly i consider this robin hood production . also i have waited over 2 decades , so the only way of viewing it again i believe will be to purchase it and have it for prosperity and to pass on someday .
 This is one of the BEST series I 've EVER SEEN !!! Watched it in 1983-4 , realistic and supurb ! Highly recommend it if you love Robin Hood !
 What a fun trip back in time to this 1980 's TV series . The series is still enjoyable today and does not show its age . As far as I am aware , it was the first time an assassin like character was introduced into the &#34; merry men . &#34; The series also adds mystic qualities to the telling of the legend .
 It 's been years since my old VCR recordings of this show pretty much wore out and bit the dust , so I was thrilled to find out it was available on DVD.Robin of Sherwood was a favorite of my pre-teen years and has held up very well with it 's combination of history , legend and fantasy . Some of the special effects are dated , but that 's to be expected.The real strength of the series was in the characters . It may have been the best cast version of the story . Clive Mantle is the best Little John , Phil Rose is the best Friar Tuck , and so on through the entire cast . There 's even the addition of Nasir who , with his man of few words demeanor and two sword fighting style was just about the coolest thing a D and D loving 12 years old had ever seen.I do think the quality fell off a little when Jason Connery joined the show , though not through any fault of his own . The writing focused more on plot then characters in that season and the chemistry suffered a bit from it . I would actually give the Michael Praed episodes a full five stars.All in all I 'm glad to have found it and any minor flaws in the series are far , far out weighed by its strengths . If you where a fan of the show you should definitely get your hands on a copy . Though given the price it 's worth knowing it 's available on Netflix . And I 'm fairly certain fans of the Robin Hood legend in general will be more then pleased with this production .
 The series is excellent and faithful to the literary history surrounding the Robin Hood legends . Clannad 's music adds a bit of authenticity , as does the use of magic and superstition , and the UK setting.Acorn did a reasonably good job digitizing and adding subtitles to the original film . Colour was on the dark side , but nothing that ca n't be adjusted.The poor packaging of the ` complete ' set prevents me from giving it a perfect score . I like the look and the folding-book concept of it , but the casing is made of hard plastic , making it prone to chipping and difficult to remove the DVDs carefully without breaking or cracking them . I had a similar problem with the `` I Spy - Four-Pack Collection '' cases . So , take care to remove the DVDs lest you damage them permanently . You might consider alternative storage like a plastic CD envelope case , considering this DVD set is not cheap.Aside from this , I highly recommend the complete Robin Hood set .
 Picture is fuzzy not digitallly remastered . Also Disk 2 had a glitch in it on the first play . Disk is clean . Over all quality is not great .
 I watched this series over 18 + years ago , when my oldest son was just born . I have been waiting for the day when it would be widely available in the US and on DVD , because up until a couple years ago it was only available for International sale and only in VHS format . If your a true Robin Hood fan as I consider myself then I feel you 'll very much enjoy this DVD Mini Series , the fact that is was only three seasons long means that the creator and his development team had to made every episode count and they do , action , fantasy , romance there 's something for everyone . I recommend you pick this one up !
 Amazingly wonderful Robin Hood series . Great characters , many historical facts correct . The best non-cheesy Robin Hood I 've seen so far ! Do n't miss out !
 I was absolutely thrilled by the fact that this series was released on DVD because I used to watch it as a child many years ago . The series includes all episodes involving both Robins and some nice extras . My only real complain is that the case feels like a DVD deathtrap . You have to have surgical precision and extra extra care to remove each DVD as doing otherwise would guarantee one or more shattering . I will agree with all reviews that mention the casing as a letdown as it is seriously a handle with care issue . Sure , you can store the DVDs in a different container but then the whole concept of a book set becomes meaningless .
 I remembered watching this series on Showtime when I was a kid in the 80 's . It was fun to watch it again with my daughter . The episodes with Michael Praed are the best . I thought he was sooooo cute .
 I avidly watched this series back in the day when it was on our local PBS station . The beautiful countryside and good sets that look as it did in the medievel age add to the stories . It was a good move to shoot in England . The color is sometime smeary and not clear but I can overlook that . The music is fantastic . I love Clannad.I have to agree with the reviews that say the packaging is horrible . The discs are almost impossible to remove . I immediately put them in other sleeves which leaves me with a nice looking but not functional case that I ca n't use . That is a big waste . Reviewers who say the legend says this and the legend says that are missing the point that it IS a legend and in the retelling it got more fantastic and farther away from any truth that may have been in the original stories . No one knows who this man or men really were and how many followed him and what exactly went on . Since we 'll never know who he was if he had a lady , who his men were -LRB- if any -RRB- we ca n't say the characters are wrong the stories not following the `` original '' legend or anything like that . I give the producers and writers big points for showing the Norman nobility as uncaring conquerors who barely tolerated living amongst the English types , who rolled over the serfs and peasants like they were nothing , and easily killed anyone they liked for any reason they liked . The abuses are clear and they do n't whitewash the `` Great King '' Richard but show him as a Norman conqueror who historically spent almost no time in England only spoke French and could not care less what happened to the people . Unlike other Robin Hood movies where he comes in on a white horse and saves them from the evil King John , in the end he stayed gone and died far away never thinking of his `` people '' . The serfs live in squalor everyone gets dirty , betrayal and treachery are as they would be when people are so desperate and trying to survive . These people could not read , had little recreation , no education , lived in constant fear and turned to magical legends and pagan beliefs for hope when they felt totally helpless . These were dark ages and Robin Hood legends gave them secret hope and self respect . I was surprised at some of the writing of the episodes that did n't gloss over the hard way people lived in those days and how easily they could lose their lives due to someone 's whim . It explains a lot about the British behavior toward people they conquered in later history . This series has a lot of drama taken from history which makes it even more interesting and makes me glad I did not live in days of old when knights were bold I promise ya !
 This bought back so many memories of sitting down on Saturday evening to watch this series . The haunting soundtrack music of Clannad , the wonderful atmospheric forest and castle scenes , the good acting -LRB- on the whole -RRB- and overall entertainment value on a TV budget makes this a fantastic series.The quality may not be HD but overall it is very watchable and replaces my worn out VHS copies .
 I HAD SEEN THE FIRST ROBIN AND THE SORCERER AND INSTANTLY FELL IN LOVE WITH IT YEARS AGO.I HAVE JUST FINISHED WATCHING ALL THE DISKS AND TRULY LOVED EVERY MOMENT EVEN THOSE THAT MADE ME CRY . BEST TELLING OF ROBIN HOOD I HAVE EVER SEEN . LOVED THE MUSIC ALSO .
 The Dolph Ziggler-Kofi Kingston-IC title match while not a good bout , it was still better then their bout at SummerSlam a month back . The Bout between The Big Show & CM Punk was one-sided but sweet . The United States title match between Daniel Bryan & The Miz was a entertaining,back-and-forth , high-tech match of the night . The Melina-Michelle McCool-Title Unification-LumberJill match was not great but pretty good . The No Holds Barred match for the World 's title was a smash-mouth , hard-hitting brawl . The Tag Team Turmoil match for the Tag Team titles was a lousy , clustered filler . The 6 Pack Elimination match for the WWE title was a entertaining,hard-hitting , smash-mouth , double-teaming , brawling bout . I give this PPV a 7 out of 10 .
 All of the titles being on the line makes this a unique pay per view . It is one of my favorites of the year .
 Just an amazing item and would recommend this to anyone and the service was great as can be ! Just awesome !
 I enjoyed this dvd it was amazing to watch I would recommand this dvd to any and all WWE fans .
 Every now and then Amazon.com presents us with a mystery like this one -LRB- as of this writing -RRB- . I love mysteries , so I bought it and I was very pleased to see that it is actually one of my favorite Swan Lakes . I was looking to purchase this version on dvd but I was unable to find it -- until now . This is the classic Kirov performance featuring Yelena Yevteyeva as Odette/Odile and John Markovsky as Prince Siegfried . These principals give first rate performances in very distinctive styles . Yevteyeva Is very precise and expressive and her Odile is one of my favorites . Markovsky is extremely smooth in his style with great execution
 This ballet was included in a set of three Tchaikovsky Ballets -LRB- still available -RRB- when I purchased it , but it is also available as a single . It is not a really great copy . There is a tear -LRB- as in rip -RRB- at the top of the screen , which cuts off a face or head or whatever comes into the tear area . Luckily it 's not always there so it is not too obtrusive , and one can live with it . So , please , do n't hesitate to purchase this ballet , the quality is n't terribly bad . It is a 1968 sound stage production w/o an audience , so there is no applause nor the sound of tiny little feet on the floor . It looks like a movie that has been shown all over Russia . The sound quality is good enough , and it is claimed to be in stereo . There are chapter synopses in five or six different languages , including English . It is 83 minutes in length , but should be about 130 minutes to be the complete version . There are a few dances left out of the first and second acts , but the last act seems to be complete . One dance in particular that is left out of scene two of the first act at the lakeside , is the Waltz of the Swans , and the variations by the Three Swans . It is so utterly beautiful that it is a real shame that it was omitted . Also , there are only two National dances in the Ballroom act . Prince Siegfried kills Rothbart , so the final scene is semi-tragic , as its hard to tell if the Swan-Maiden dies or not , but at least the other Swan-Maidens are returned to their human forms so , in a sense , it falls into the happy ending genera of Russian ballet.The part of the fool or joker is played by Valery Panov , and is undoubtedly the best and most acrobatic male dancer I 've seen in my five copies of Swan Lake . Not all versions have a , so called fool , but use , instead , a friend to the Prince . The American Ballet is one example.Yelena Yevteyeva is a very capable Odette/Odile technically . Her surprise and subsequent fear of Siegfried when they first meet is well done , and her wing fluttering is also very good . Some Ballerinas are better at that than others , but Yelena is exceptionally good . She is not the most beautiful Odette/Odile , but when in the Black Swan outfit she is very attractive . As I said , Yelena is a very capable dancer , and since this ballet is 40 years old we probably wo n't see Yelena in any other ballets , so historically this ballet is worth owning . Even though the picture quality is not quite as good as some other copies , I watch this one often , because I like the last act . Some of the music is different , and there are two lifts by Siegfried of Odette that are beautiful and not done at all in some other versions . They are so vigorous that it looked like he might have dropped her , she goes so far back over his head . Angel Corella 's lifts of Gillian Murphy in the ABT version of Swan Lake are just as dramatic , however.This ballet can be purchased for close to $ 10.00 from an Amazon dealer , so you could add it to your collection quite inexpensively . I recommend this ballet.PS . Imagine my surprise , when I found Yelena again ! Yes , I purchased `` The Glory of The Kirov '' which is a potpourri of dances by ballerinas and danseurs from the archives of the Maryinsky theater and other Russian sources , and there she was . In black and white , but very beautiful . She was featured w/Baryshnikov in a 1969 pas de deux called `` The tale of Serf Nekish '' , and again in a 1968 pas de quatre featuring Yelena as `` Fanny Cerreto '' and also featuring Gabriela Komleva as `` Carlotta Grisi '' , Lubov Galenskaya as `` Marie Taglioni '' , and Ludmilla Kovaleva as `` Lucile Grahn '' . Unfortunately , I would never have recognized her in black and white except in the `` Tale of Serf Nekish '' pas de deux . I feel fortunate to have found her again at all . Ivy Lin wrote a nice review about The Glory of the Kirov , but did n't even mention Yelena because the Pas de Quatre , `` annoys the crap '' out of her . What a shame .
 After doing a string of talking pictures in the 30 's -LRB- some well received , others , not so lucky -RRB- , silent comedian Harold Lloyd quietly retired from the big screen . Then came one last hurrah
 This is one of the funniest H/L movies ever . I had to get this copy to send to a friend - a fan of old movies . Long , some may feel it 's disjointed - but I feel it 's hilarous !
 With the advent and proliferation of `` Infomercials '' and `` Paid Programming '' which have come to fill the late night air waves of nearly every television station in the country , one is no longer able to catch some of the little known classic films which brought so much pleasurable entertainment to earlier generations of Americans . One such case of a film fading away into obscurity is The Sin of Harold Diddlebock . Filled with witty humor and Harold Lloyd 's flare for outrageous stunts , The Sin of Harold Diddlebock is a must-see film which brings the action-packed humor of the silent era into the modern age and lays the foundation for so much of what passes for comedy today . The Sin of Harold Diddlebock is a ` coming of age ' story which takes a comic look at a tragic character - the American worker who , after being used up by his employer of over twenty years , is forced into retirement with nowhere to turn and no options for his future . When he finally learns to let go and get in touch with his younger self , to once again ` think , ' the real action begins and he comically turns despair into the great American success story as he breaks with a number of closely held social conventions of his time . This is a hopeful , light-hearted , uplifting film . A must see for anyone who thinks that life might have passed them by .
 `` Death defying comedy '' best describes this very fine example of Harold Lloyd 's genius ! Great comedy dialogue and a fantastic story are combined with the wild stunts that are the trademark of this superb comedian .
 A great movie - the scene with the lion on the ledge is the funniest I have ever seen . My wife and I were almost rolling on the floor with laughter .
 This movie is two of my favorites
 This film is generally reviewed as a failed Sturges movie . However , anyone who loves the insanity of movies like `` The Miracle of Morgan Creek '' will probably love this one too . This film stands up to repeated viewings . It would be great to see a DVD with both `` Mad Wednesday '' and the slightly different cut `` The Sin of Harold Diddlebock . ''
 First I 've been obsessed with this film since the first time I saw it convulsing , and I mean convulsing with laughter . It 's not funny all the way through but when it is funny it 's FUNNY!Second , from a historical perspective it 's very interesting . The first 15 minutes is a recycled silent film , which transitions to Mr. Lloyds first talkie . So it bridges the era 's . Third how can you not see a film involving BOTH Sturges AND Lloyd ? Not to mention the cream of the crop of supporting character actors . Conlin was never better , he 's a great guy but you do n't want to trust him one inch ! The plot line is so inventive and outrageous you 'll never ever guess what is coming next!Fourth , like all Lloyd and most of Sturges this is a film with it 's morals completely out for the average guy . The guy with the good heart . The guy who means well and will take his honest goodness to the limit and by persevering he wins . In this case his true love Francis Ramsden . I fell in love with Francis . While not the most gorgeous of actresses in that era you just have to love her . She loves Harold despite himself because of what is inside of him . However it 's never corny or saccharin . It 's almost bittersweet until the end . Harold IS a loser in many ways but in the way that matters most he 's a winner.Fifth - the last line of the movie . I wo n't spoil it for you but you have to pay attention . In fact this is not a movie for those who do n't pay attention.People who do n't pay attention are not going to `` get this movie . '' The censors were not paying attention .
 The seller did just what they promised . It was my error in not seeing I was not getting a DVD .
 I am a huge Preston Sturges fan who stumbled upon this movie . Preston Sturges and Harold Lloyd put together a real gem here . It has the Sturges touch of complete insanity encircling the `` seemingly '' hapless main character , Diddlebock -LRB- Lloyd -RRB- . Diddlebock has lived a life of sacrafice , sobriety and told all to result in a hasty termination from his job after 20 + years . In the space of a day , Diddlebock falls into a life of debauchery and ultimately finds the fulfillment in his life he had given up on .
 Is how the bartender responds to Harold Diddlebock -LRB- Harold Lloyd -RRB- when told that he 's about to have the first drink of his life.Harold gets talked into it by ` Wormy ' a deliciously street-wise octagenerian urchin that asks him for a loan of a couple of bucks . Harold complies , despite the fact that he 's just been fired from his job.The inspired bartender concurs with Wormy that Harold needs a drink to ease his troubles and -- in a scene only Preston Sturges could have written -- creates a `` Diddlebock '' in his honor.Originally entitled ` The Sin of Harold Diddlebock ' , the real sin is in being unable to rent it in most video stores . This has got to be one of the top comedies ever made.Lloyd came out of retirement to make this film after meeting and befriending kindred maniac , Preston Sturges.In `` Mad Wednesday '' Lloyd performs some of the funniest sight gags ever captured on celluloid , employing his trademark high-risk stunts . -LRB- Ever see ` Safety Last ' ? -RRB- Houdini would have been proud.In all his movies Lloyd played a hopelessly naive gung-ho optimist who triumphed against the world despite his childlike sweetness.But here the formula takes a twist , thanks to Sturges.Lloyd is now a middle aged failure who has been stuck in a menial job for the last twenty years , a weary , disillusioned man who is pathetically in love with his co-worker , an impossibly beautiful ingenue -LRB- There 's always an impossibly beautiful ingenue in a Sturges film -RRB- . And then he gets fired ... Neddless to say , all will end well , and he will triumph and get the girl in the end.But not before going berserk on `` The Diddlebock '' which transforms him from a meek innocent into a lunatic gambler and high roller with a taste for um ... somewhat loud attire.Poor Harold wakes up sober two days later to find himself the owner of a circus , replete with strongmen and bearded ladies who are owed back pay and hungry lions that need to be fed.It 's all silly fluff of course but the genius of Preston Sturges 's writing makes us cheerfully suspend our disbelief and go along for the ride.Only Lubitsch and Billy Wilder came close to Sturges in the ability to give the audience superbly witty dialogue while maintaining a believable world of madcap lunacy where events move at breakneck speed.An great farce , starring a comic legend , written and and directed by the best.Enjoy .
 This is a hilarious comedy ! My family has rented it numerous times , then we were disappointed that it disappeared from the video rental stores . It gets off to a bit of a slow start , but gains comic momentum and has you rolling in the aisles -LRB- off the couch ? -RRB- It ends up being quite a different movie from what you think it might be at the beginning . It takes a comic look at a man briefly using alcohol to escape his work-induced depression , and eventually finds true love in the end . But getting to the end takes you on a hilarious , mad-cap , nerve-wracking roller-coaster ride ! Harold Lloyd is a forgotten comic genius whose work equals that of Peter Sellers , Rowan Atkinson , Charlie Chaplain , and others of the same caliber . I am excited that I can purchase this comic gem from Amazon.com !
 I 'm always amazed at all the `` film buffs '' who are n't familiar with `` Mad Wednesday '' -LRB- title later changed to `` The Sin Of Harold Diddlebock '' -RRB- . Directed by Preston Sturges , who 's WORST movie is worth watching ! This was a `` comeback '' role for Harold Lloyd -LRB- who proves what a talented all around actor he was for those only familar with his silent films -RRB- . The usual Sturges company of actors , as well as a small but most memorable role by Edgar Kennedy , make you have to supress some of your laughter , or you 'll miss the next joke . Full of funny little details . Note
 The Dylan -LRB- ? -RRB- lyric `` To laugh and cry in a single sound '' came to mind the first time I saw this movie as part of a Saturday night film series at the local university 25 years ago -- it 's just brilliant , a wild and manic ride that ends up being completely life-affirming , you just want to cry out at the end of the movie , it 's too good to be true . This is one of the best movies I 've ever seen .
 What makes this film truly great is how many different styles of comedy it has . You see not only slapstick and situation based comedy , but also some fabulous dialog and scare comedy . I did n't want to watch this movie at first , thinking it 'd be a run of the mill b/w film , but was amazed , and immediately rewound and watched it a second time .
 I love this movie and could watch it many times . It includes the best part of an earlier Harold Lloyd movie , the football scene from The Freshman . There is also a wonderful scene where he hangs from a lion off the side of a building.The only thing wrong with this DVD is that the transfer is not the best . The video and sound quality could be better , but is not horrible like the Milky Way DVD from the same company .
 This was so funny . Made me think of the Bringing up Baby , and Philadelphia Story and some of Lucille Ball 's antics . Sight gags and rapid funny dialogue . First few minutes kind of slow but once it gets going it was hilarious . I loved the bartender scene . As a fan of movies made before 1960 , I can not understand why I have not heard about this movie before . I can only say it is funny and you will enjoy it . I would let my grandchildren watch this movie.Overreader
 The idea of former silent comedy star Harold Lloyd teaming with the great Hollywood auteur Preston Sturges was truly inspired and the result , this film , is proof.Embedded in the same job for 22 years , Harold Diddlebock -LRB- Lloyd -RRB- goes nowhere fast , forever , until he 's let go by his supercilious , unctuous boss -LRB- throw in any other similar adjective and it would fit -RRB- . Harold loves adages , epigrams , and saws , and for the entire span of his working life , has the wall next to his desk plastered with them . When he 's let go , he removes every last one of them and takes them with him , so as not to forget the truth of what life is all about . Or at least those parts of life for which these adages apply.Thus , our hero is a rather , shall we say , by the book kinda guy . So when he goes on an unintentional bender , this radical restructuring of his brain molecules brings about some decidedly unexpected results . He buys a plaid suit loud enough to wake people living on the other side of the world . He buys a cowboy hat big enough to double as a doghouse for a Doberman pinscher -LRB- or however you spell that darn dog 's name -RRB- . And he buys a circus , too.Yep , a circus -- one of the main attractions of which is Jackie the lion . Jackie means well , but her bark -LRB- roar , is more like it -RRB- is definitely worse than her bite . In fact , her bite never happens , but the bark/roar is there a lot of the time . This gets Harold into big trouble , and therein lies the rub.One of the best screwball comedies of the 40s -LRB- made in 1947 -RRB- , The Sin of Harold Diddlebock should not be missed by fans of great comedy . Well folks , we now have Sullivan 's Travels , The Sin of Harold Diddlebock , and The Lady Eve on DVD . There 's talk of Palm Beach Story following in the relatively near future -- hopefully true , since that is a pure gem . Now how about Unfaithfully Yours , The Miracle of Morgan 's Creek , and even more?Preston Sturges forever !!
 Robbie Coltrane fromCracker
 I bought Robbie Coltranes Incredible Britian video and it is worth every penny . Very funny and the tour he takes you on is awesome . I learned so much and was totally humored along the way . I borrowed it originally from the library and loved it so much I ordered a copy for myself from Amazon .
 I watch this all the time . Way better than the typical travel show where you see all the &#34; normal &#34; things in the UK . . Mr. Coltrane is a very personable fellow and I thoroughly enjoyed his &#34; chats &#34; with the viewers about the things he 's seeing and doing .
 This series is amazing . The actor who plays hagrid in Harry potter is actually a comedian - a real one - meaning he is hilarious . He travels through Britain to check out the bizarre festivals and such that take place . He drives a classic car and his smoky , gravely voice is memorizing . Wish there were more !!!
 This was very entertaining and I enjoyed it . I was a little disappointed that more time was not spent in my own part of the country , Co. . Durham .
 I absolutely loved this celebration of our nation 's first official holiday ! This episode embodies all that Thanksgiving is meant to be about . Fall is `` in the air '' -LRB- pumpkins & skeletons -RRB- as tomatoes go flying toward the Caucasian population on the streets . Dr. Joel Fleischman ... a Jewish member of society , originally does not see history in relation to the upcoming Thanksgiving celebration through the eyes of his fellow native Indian citizen . However , thanks to the Alaskan gov ` t , Joel finds out that he is further `` enslaved '' to a fifth year of medical service to the state of Alaska . Upon realizing that this proposition is quite valid & legal , Joel resigns himself to the situation and begins to view things as hopeless . Alas , his `` eyes '' are now beginning to see things for the first time as a fellow native Indian . The feeling of hopelessness allows Joel to participate in the annual Fall Festival Parade typically reserved for only the native Indians -LRB- a culture of fellow victims of a sense of hopelessness , historically speaking -RRB- . All is not lost , however . Joel , along with Maggie 's current love interest -LRB- played by actor Anthony Edwards . . E.R. -RRB- , decide to lay all mental obstacles aside during the town 's Thanksgiving feast ... just long enough to enjoy it !!!!! You will leave this episode feeling warm & fuzzy each and every time you watch it !!!!!!
 This episode of Northern Exposure is one of my all-time favorites . The music , the visuals with Cicely all decorated for the annual Raven pageant ... I have come to associate all of that stuff with Thanksgiving now just as much as I do turkeys and pilgrims . Yes , it is depressing * in a way * , because Joel is such a sourpuss at first . But he gives a wonderful comic performance and Maggie 's interaction with Mike Monroe is sweet too . Definitely one to watch over and over during harvest season .
 This is my favorite episode . It offers a new perspective on Thanksgiving that can only enhance our current tradition . I love the way most of the townsfolk smile and wave as tomatoes are hurled at them . It represents tolerance and respect at its quirkiest best .
 If you do n't know who Kelly Worden is then it 's about time you find out . I just attended his 2009 Water & Steel seminar near Tacoma , Washington . It changed my life . This video is quite old now and Mr. Worden has progressed a great deal since the time it was made . However , it lays out his methods well . Training in his garage converted dojo , he shows you how to completely dismantle your opponent . He employs a no-nonsense , down and dirty , in your face approach . His material is geared for real-life situations wherever they may occur , in the street , bar , your home , anywhere . I highly recommend this video to everyone . Look him up on the net for many more excellent videos .
 I 've been enjoying the Match Game boxset with the wonders of Charles Nelson Reilly . But you do not want to buy this as the `` buy together '' package since `` dumb dora edition '' is merely the first DVD in the boxset . If you do n't want the boxset -LRB- which you should -RRB- . This is a good min-treat .
 This is a single disc of `` Match Game '' from its very early days -LRB- 1973-1976 -RRB- , and given its price since it went out of print , it 's probably wise to buy one of the multi-disc sets that are a better value . For fans of the show , this disc is interesting as it has the very first Match Game episode hosted by the legendary Gene Rayburn plus several others . -LRB- As an aside , I noticed how quickly the writing of the questions improved after the debut episode . -RRB- There is also a special feature starring frequent panelist Brett Somers , who , sadly , passed away in 2007 . The games are as entertaining as they were when they first aired , but it would have been nice to have more consecutive shows in the set . The panelists are a varied lot , some of whom have vanished into obscurity in the thirty-something years since their were made . Others are noteworthy , and several became forever linked with the show , notably Richard Dawson , Brett Somers , and the always entertaining Charles Nelson Reilly , who passed away just a few months before Somers.This is one of the original franchise of good clean fun television game shows , and if you do n't mind paying the price , this is a genuine piece of television history .
 Yes this is disc one , but if you could not afford the 4 disc box set then this is for you .
 I liked watching this while I used my treadmill . It helped to pass the time . It helps to keep your mind busy . Would recommend for anyone .
 `` Tokyo Sonata '' is an introverted family drama directed and co-written by Kiyoshi Kurosawa , who is best known for horror flicks . So it is perhaps surprising that he approaches this material with such realism and sensitivity . Mr. Sasaki -LRB- Teruyuki Kagawa -RRB- is at loose ends when he is laid off from his corporate job in administration , a result of downsizing . He does n't tell his wife -LRB- Kyoko Koizumi -RRB- while he looks for another job , eats free lunches in the park , and commiserates with an old friend -LRB- Kanji Tsuda -RRB- who is in a similar situation . Mr. Sasaki dresses for work every day and comes home for dinner , as usual , but his growing anger and helplessness find an outlet in increasingly inflexible behavior toward his grown son Takashi -LRB- Yu Koyanagi -RRB- and young son Kenji -LRB- Kai Inowaki -RRB- . Mr. Sasaki 's actions and emotions drive the plot , but Mrs. Sasaki is no less significant . Her role is passive for most of the film , as she senses that something is wrong with her husband and sons but does n't know what . Life is acting upon her , but she ca n't get a clear picture of it . The audience 's experiences are more aligned with her emotions until the film 's third act , I think , even though we have a better understanding of what 's happening than she does . Kyoko Koizumi pulls the audience in , though Teruyuki Kagawa and young Kai Inowaki also do an impressive job . The third act is improbable and contrived before it rebounds at the very end , but , excepting those parts , `` Tokyo Sonata '' presents a thoughtful , understated picture of a modern Japanese family adapting to changing expectations in a stagnant economy.The DVD -LRB- E1 Entertainment 2010 -RRB-
 I wanted to like this film more than I did . For anyone who has been downsized , let go , fired , quit a job - while at the same time supporting a family - this film has considerable emotional and dramatic potential . In a culture where the `` authority '' of the breadwinner is maybe more critical than elsewhere , this theme provides the thread for most of the film . It accounts for why the husband keeps his family from knowing that he 's lost his job , why his wife does not confront him when she finds out , and why he physically abuses his younger son who challenges his judgment . But the film takes a long time to set this all up , while never really exploring it very deeply . The tension in the story is about his keeping his job loss from his family.Besides a humiliatingly comic job interview and the decision of the man 's older son to enlist in the American military , what happens in the first hour of the film is not uninteresting , but fairly predictable . He meets an old out-of-work schoolmate whose ruse is even more exaggerated and inventively complex , though we do not sense until it happens that he 's riding the ragged edge of disaster . Instead of exploring the implications of this family crisis , Kurosawa punctuates the second hour of the film with unexpected turns
 The New Guilded Age is an outgrowth of global counter-revolution againt social citzenship . The result of a massive , naked application of state power to raise the rate of profit for crony groups , billionaire gansters , and the rich in general . The central role of state power was massive privitization of public assets . It is redistributive NOT generative.Against the backdrop of a highly civilized Japanese society this invisible wave catches the film 's finely drawn , acted & directed characters and washes a cognitive dissonance foam over their lives . In the end they must pick themselves up and settle for less , so that a tiny few may continue to play Kings & Queens.This production , what the the film protrays , is brought to you by the puppets of a highly organized privitized banking global monopoly.This is the expansive backdrop frame from which to view this beautiful gem , as it plays itself out.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!!! P.S. Listen to new info/google Jim Fetzer Podcast/Jul 07-2010 / click to 1:04:00
 Tokyo Sonata -LRB- Kiyoshi Kurosawa , 2008 -RRB- Kiyoshi Kurosawa branded himself one of the great new breed of Japanese filmmakers in the mid-nineties with Cure and Charisma , two of the best Japanese film of the last half of the last century . After spending some time directing horror films , which seems almost obligatory for Japanese directors these days -LRB- with a quick break in 2003 for the wonderful Bright Future -RRB- , he has shown that he 's still capable of directing some of modern Japan 's best films with Tokyo Sonata.Ryuhei Sasaki -LRB- Hero 's Teruyuki Kagawi -RRB- , unsatisfied with the direction his company is taking , walks out on his position as the head of the administration department . While this is initially a liberating thing , he quickly runs into the big question
 Kiyoshi Kurosawa 's latest film speaks directly to contemporary issues , that are relevant both in Japan and around the world
 ` Tokyo Sonata ' is a very understated , yet strangely moving film.It is gentle and slightly sad and follows a Japanese family , which includes an undervalued wife , a proud husband who loses his job but goes out each day as if he still has one and hides it from family and a son who is desperate to lean piano despite having to secretly use his lunch money to pay for lessons.In a very bare and pared back style you experience their dreams and failures and the inner turmoil behind their everyday lives . In the main this film has no obvious musical soundtrack to augment the scenes which makes it feel more stark and sad somehow . This contrasts powerfully with the few scenes with piano playing which make these scenes soar and resonate that much more strongly than they normally would.Everyone acts extremely well and the direction draws out every detail and nuance in the various scenes . Japanese film are noted for their attention to detail and the small touches that show a deeper meaning and this film is no exception.I was unsure what to expect from this film and whilst it is slow paced and does n't spell out every emotion or feeling -LRB- like many American films tend to do -RRB- this is immensely satisfying and leaves you feeling uplifted and calm at the same time . If you are fond of world cinema or Japanese films in general then you really must check this out at some point.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
 Really a beautiful and moving film and very insightful into Japanese culture and family dynamics -LRB- won an Academy Award for Best Foreign Film -RRB- . I would highly recommend this movie
 A Japanese family begins to loose its social status and normal balance , once the father is fired from a succesful job . Slow , but progressively the emotional conflicts are about to outburst.Kurosawa 's powerful glance about the actual Japan with its virtues and unsaid miseries.Certainly , you may establish a parallel resemblance with Kurosawa 's Do-Des Kaden from 1970 . But Kiyoshi emerges with an atmosphere of intimacy and secure hand around the hopeless and desperation that evolves the social body.A genuine masterpiece of this raising century ; no doubt it !!!
 This movie is an examination of what happens to a family in Japan when the only breadwinner , a salaried man , loses his longstanding job . It could be the story of millions of families finding themselves in similar situations today in any country . It 's mainly about how the parents in the family handle the increasing breakdown in the family 's relationships after the husband suffers the sudden and unexpected job loss . You can see the husband lose face as he has to stand in long lines at the job search office , suffer through humiliating job interviews from hell , for which he seems totally unprepared , and as he eats his lunch from a free food line . He bonds with an old classmate in the exact same situation but this eventually has a bad outcome too and the husband seems to lose hope even more after this . He is a proud man who can not bring himself to tell his wife about the job loss although she eventually discovers it on her own but she remains silent too . A total lack of communication and support for one another is obvious and makes you wonder how close the husband and wife 's relationship was before the job loss occurred . How the parents and two children eventually reconciles all that they go through is what ultimately shows that there is some strength within this family bond though . I must admit I was somewhat disappointed in the ending as it left too many questions up in the air and seemed unfulfilling but maybe that 's how continuing job loss really is just a lot of unanswerable questions with no real final solution in sight . I give it 4 stars for being one of the only movies I have seen that tries to tackle the huge issue of family dynamics after a job loss takes place . The acting was good and the plot , although a bit slow , still held my interest as most of us can relate to job loss or the fear thereof in today 's job downsizing world .
 I am a lover of Japanese cinema new and old , and lately we have seen a handful of really good modern films being brought to the states . This is a richly told story of a very interesting family that appears wholesome and normal on the outside but is rather ... interesting when they are together.The acting is all very good , top notch Japanese acting with very expressive styles.Basically the story is one of starting over . All of the characters have something that they would like to ` do over ' and in a way they begin the steps towards accomplishing that goal . There are some funny moments , some sad moments , but all in all the film has a message of hope and finding happiness in being together , despite the strife and turmoil of everyday life.It 's not the easiest movie to get into , but it rewards the patient viewer . It is also one of the rare modern Japanese films that lends itself to watching more than once . Fantastic film , and one of the best Japanese family dramas in recent years .
 Tokyo Sonata is about a family going through a crisis . Each of the members are slowly unraveling and have to confront secrets or make tough decisions . The husband has just lost his job and is too ashamed to tell his wife , the wife is goinf through a crisis of her own , the eldest son is contemplating joining the military but afraid to tell his parents and the youngest son is a musical prodigy but afraid to ask his parents to send him to a school for the musically gifted . I liked the movie . 4 stars . 12/7/10
 After a retreat to the atmospheric and spectral Loft and Retribution that reinforce Kiyoshi Kurosawa 's reputation as a horror filmmaker , Tokyo Sonata continues in the vein of his idiosyncratically personal -LRB- and arguably , more interesting -RRB- , yet equally unsettling films that began with Bright Future . As the film begins , the family patriarch , middle-aged senior administrative manager , Ryuhei -LRB- Teruyuki Kagawa -RRB- has been notified that the company has outsourced his job to China -LRB- where his salary would pay for three language-fluent office workers -RRB- and , without portable skills that could be applied to another department , will be immediately laid off from work . Reluctant to tell his family for fear of undermining his authority , Ryuhei continues the pretext of leaving for work with his briefcase each morning , spending his days alternately lining up at a job placement office and a charity lunch service on the park . Meanwhile , his stay-at-home wife , Megumi -LRB- Kyoko Koizumi -RRB- , has begun to feel trapped in her unappreciated role of keeping the household together , her newly obtained driver 's license symbolizing her liberated , if guilty step away from the familiar routines of domestic life -LRB- a search for identity implied by her intended use of the license as a form of identification -RRB- . Their university-aged son , Takashi -LRB- Yu Koyanagi -RRB- is similarly adrift in his part-time job distributing flyers on the streets , and sees a provision for foreigners enlisting in the U.S. military as a means of asserting his independence . Younger son , Kenji -LRB- Kai Inowaki -RRB- , having been caught passing a manga book in the classroom , stages his own minor rebellion
 EXTE HAIR EXTENSIONS -LRB- aka . Ekusete -RRB- is the latest offering from director Sion Sono ; whose most successful works include the cult classic `` Suicide Club '' -LRB- winner of `` Most Groundbreaking film '' -RRB- , and `` Strange Circus '' -LRB- Grand Jury Prize winner and Best Actress -RRB- . `` Exte
 Basically a Japanese B-Movie , a horror movie with hair as a key element . Low budget , done serious but not too much so . Chiaki Kuriyama is cute , fans of the genre will like it but do n't spend too much money to get it .
 Just because it 's commercial does not mean it is conventional : -RRB- I bought this film after seeing the first two installments of the Suicide Club Trilogy and Strange Circus , not really on impulse , rather , the idea that Sion Sono is my new idol , at least before going into this one ... and then after , he cemented his standing ! This is a new style compared to the others , and while it has a different look , a different feel , it still hits home with some of the original mind games as well as the killer story telling.Initially , I was a bit turned away from this movie by both the premise and the reviews/previews , but loving both horror films and Sion Sono 's work , I decided to give it a try , and I 'll be the first to admit , there is some misleading stuff out there.As you can probably guess , this is n't strictly one genre or another , but where most films that travel between genres fall astray and feel awkward , Ekusute floats gracefully though being a Thriller , Horror , Comedy , and Drama , all at the same time , which is probably a large part of its loss for appeal based upon descriptions ... it 's hard to capture it completely.The story itself is quirky ... expect an assortment of characters that are very unique , some personable , some bizarre , some distasteful , but all well rounded and enjoyable . The story itself is offbeat , but draws you in and keeps you there . There are several stories running at the same time , all separate and connected in their own way , but blended masterfully . There are several disturbing scenes , many comical moments , dramatic segments , touching times , a flow of suspense , and in the end ... you 'll have to see :-RRB- It does not disappoint , though I 'd be reluctant to label it a horror film , because , you 'll laugh through a great portion , maybe when you should n't be , but it 's inevitable!The actors all did a great job too , pulling off their roles to an off-beat tee . Chiaki Kuriyama , the lead , does a good job , this being the first role I 've seen her as pleasant and charming all the way through ; it was a nice change , and good to see her smiling ! Miku Sato plays the abused daughter-in-law/sister-of-sorts and does great ! . Kiyomi Mizushima , who you 'll recognize as Kumiko from `` Noriko 's Dinner Table '' , is truly despicable ; playing the sister that looks charming but has a sinister personality . Ren Osugi plays Yamazaki , and is so wildly out of his mind , he sets a new precedent for hair-fetish movie psychos , and many other psychos , too !!! You 'll probably spot several other familiar faces , so keep your eyes peeled!The DVDs themselves are great in this package . You get Disk One with the Movie , film trailer , and a couple other trailers for other films , the basics of any Disk One , but then in Disk Two there is a `` Music Video '' -LRB- which , by the way , would make the set worth it by itself -RRB- , TV Spots -LRB- basically a bunch -LSB- no joke , a lot -RSB- of short commercials -RRB- , Deleted Scenes , a Behind The Scenes , and a Q&A ; with Sion Sono himself . The film itself comes with 4 Audio Tracks
 This Product was great . I gave to my grandfather for his birthday and he loved how it came with all the extra stuff .
 A great product for any stooge fan , I used to love to watch the three stooges every morning before school and have always wanted such a collection . Now I have them in a wonderful DVD set . Thanks
 Its been said that the Three Stooges just werent the same without Curly , and this package has Curly , as well as Moe and Larry.Its a must for every fan and an exceptional bargain !
 I bought this for my husband as one of his Valentine gifts . It ended up being his favorite gift . He is a Stooge fan , and according to him , no decent Stooge fan should be without this . The face-slapping and eye-poking trio are at their best !
 The DVD that was sent to me was grate . To bad it was not what I ordered . What I received was The Three stooges Simply Hilarious from 1946 . What I ordered was The Three stooges Simply Hilarious from 2000 , that aired on A&E . But appears to only be available on VHS used for an outrageous amount of $ 300.00 and not available any where else .
 This was a gift for a guy who really loves The Three Stooges . He was very pleased .
 This set brings me back to the days when i was a little boy during summer vacation watching three stooges and eating grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup and this is exactly as i remember it full of silly slap stick comedy and very obvious jokes . Sure the quality is n't the best but keep in mind these are from the 40 's u ca n't expect high definition video as the guy below seems to think it should be . So anyway perfect set for any stooge fan well put together although we could have done without the little button thing at the top that says lines from the show .
 I already own this video . It is a great compilation of scenes of the three stooges . I gave it 4 stars becuase it has some of my all-time favorite scenes on it . I do n't think that there was one scene that I did not enjoy . I own a few tapes of the three stooges , but the classics edition is my favorite .
 I got this for my dad , knowing the Three Stooges are one of his favorites , and he watches this all the time .
 buy this kind of movies all the time good and funny you 'll enjoy it.i collect old time movies , this is one you will watch over and over again .
 What a great item for any Stooges fan . This was a gift and the recipient loved it . The lunchbox is a def . collectable although it arrived slightly scratched . The Laurel and Hardy video is like an extra bonus as most stooge fans also love L&H . And I know the whoopy cushion will be a joy once our son finds it LOL .
 The Three Stooges Collectors Edition brings back those hard to find shorts made by the famous group during their `` Hay Day . '' For any fan and collector of their shorts , this collection is a must as it will provide you with many enjoyable hours of viewing one of the most entertaining and funny trio that made-up that era .
 COME ON , this stuff is classic , these boys are comic geniuses , you got ta love it .
 When I was a child , I laughed heartily at the antics of The Three Stooges . Their `` bong ` em on the head '' slapstick antics were the right blend of sophisticated stupidity for children in the early sixties . Unfortunately , the advent of political correctness caused people to object to their style , arguing that it would influence children to duplicate it , with the potential to cause injury . Even at a young age , I considered this absurd ; we never watched an episode of The Three Stooges and then mimicked their actions . We were smart enough to understand that what they did was not reality and considered the statements of the `` do-gooders '' to be an insult to our intelligence.When I watched this DVD recently , my attention was more on the movements and sequencing than on their actions . Proving once again , in comedy , even slapstick , timing is everything . If you watch them closely as they go through their routines , you can see the receiver -LRB- s -RRB- of the hit carefully repositioning their entire body before the `` blow . '' Lengthier routines had to be carefully choreographed , for all three of them were in constant motion , with arms , legs and heads moving rapidly about . Add in the props and how they were to be used and you can appreciate how difficult it was to get the routine right.While the subjects of their routines were simplistic , `` The Three Stooges '' were comedic geniuses , still under appreciated for their skills in making the stupid funny .
 VOLUME # 1 -LRB- DVD # 1 -RRB- 1 . DISORDER IN THE COURT -LRB- B/W -RRB- 2 . THE BRIDELESS GROOM -LRB- B/W -RRB- 3 . MALICE IN THE PALICE -LRB- B/W -RRB- 4 . SING A SONG OF SIX PANTS -LRB- B/W -RRB- VOLUME # 2 -LRB- DVD # 2 -RRB- 1 . JERK OF ALL TRADES -LRB- B/W -RRB- 2 . THREE LAUGH FILLED TRAILERS OF THE THREE STOOGES FEATURE FILMS -LRB- B/W -RRB- 3 . THE THREE STOOGES COLOR CLASSICS -LRB- COLOR -RRB- 4 . THE THREE STOOGES COLOR CARTOONS -LRB- COLOR -RRB-
 We laughed for hours . full of memories , fun for anyone who misses the `` good old days '' Nice box but was dissapointed because I was told by a frend that the box had a sound button incorporated in it that would play stooges sounds but it was not true . its just a nice metal painted embossed box .
 I purchased this knowing full well I already had every short and extra footage on this 3 disc set . I consider myself somewhat of a `` stooge collector '' so this sits with my collection , unopened . Any stooge fan worth his salt already has everything offered here but , how many of us have a neat metal box with the stooges on it ? Also I think I paid 12.99 for this . The box by itself is worth that .
 I have n't watched this yet . I plan to update this review , but the box lists the contents and no one else has offered that here.I can tell you that this is a collection for hardcore fans only . It contains only one of your favorite Columbia shorts featuring Curly from their mid-30s through mid-40s heyday . The rest can be found on Sony 's multi-volume set `` The Three Stooges Collection . `` As I watch , I 'll update this listing with notes about the transfer quality of films , details , and DVD extras.DVD1 - The Three Stooges Everywhere1 . Nertsery Rhymes -LRB- 1933 Ted Healy and His Stooges -RRB- - Curly 's first appearance on film , and the first appearance of Moe , Larry and Curly with Healy . Originally shot in two-strip technicolor . While this early version of technicolor was unimpressive , it was likely included to illuminate the two plush musical numbers in this 15-minute short . The print here is in unrestored black-and-white , which undoubtedly diminishes the experience . This film will never rank high in the pantheon of Stooge greats , but for its historical significance , it deserves a decent restoration .2 . Roast Beef and Movies -LRB- 1933 -RRB- - Also originally produced in two-strip technicolor , presented here in unrestored black-and-white . Curly appears without Healy or the other Stooges in this early solo effort . A much better Technicolor print of this can be found on the MGM DVD `` Dancing Lady , '' -LRB- ASIN B000F7CMPO -RRB- .3 . The Three Stooges Family Album - A 1998 half-hour documentary of the lives of the Stooges , rich with rare black-and-white , silent home movie footage provided by the Stooges ' families . Includes footage of the three Howard boys Moe , Curly , and Shemp briefly goofing with their parents at Curly 's 1938 wedding , among other bits . Quality is good .4 . Steve Allen ShowDVD 2 - A Day At The Theater -LRB- This disk contains the feature `` Swing Parade of 1946 '' -RRB- DVD 3 - Everybody 's In The ActAll of the shorts on this disc suffer from a faded , high-contrast and blurred lack of restoration . Sometimes the sound has a muffled quality . You 'll be able to watch them , but they could use a lot of work .1 . Beer and Pretzels -LRB- 1933 -RRB- Ted Healy and His Stooges2 . The Big Idea -LRB- 1933 -RRB- Ted Healy and His Stooges3 . His First Flame -LRB- 1935 Shemp solo -RRB- 4 . Corn On The Cop -LRB- 1934 Shemp solo -RRB- 5 . Saltwater Daffy -LRB- 1933 -RRB- Shemp 's first solo effort . He appears as Jack Hayley 's sidekick , foiled by Lionel Stander.DVD 4 - The Three Stooges Animated Antics -LRB- Presumably the mid-1960s cartoon series featuring Larry , Moe and Curly Joe -RRB- 1 . Peter Panic2 . When You Wish Upon A Fish3 . A Little Past Noon4 . Three Lumps in a Lamp5 . Who 's For Dessert6 . Which is Witch7 . Suture Self8 . The Yolks On You9 . Tally Moe With Larry & Joe10 . The Transylvania Railroad11 . What 's Mew Pussycat ? 12 . It 's A Bad , Bad , Bad , Bad World13 . Bridge On The River CryDISK 5 - The Columbia shorts whose rights are free and in the public domain1 . Disorder In The Court -LRB- Curly -RRB- 2 . Brideless Groom -LRB- Shemp -RRB- 3 . Malice In The Palace -LRB- Shemp -RRB- 4 . Sing A Song Of Six Pants -LRB- Shemp -RRB- DISK 6Biography , Interviews , Clips , Photo Gallery , Screen Saver and Direct Scene AccessMore cartoons1 . Bee My Honey2 . Litter Bear3 . Turnabout is Bearplay4 . Furry Fugitive5 . Curly 's Bear6 . Bearfoot Bandit7 . Hair Of The Bear8 . Watt 's My LionDISK 7Kook 's Tour - The Stooges ' last film from 1970Scene from their TV pilot with Shemp , `` Jerks Of All Trades `` Biography , Interviews , Cartoons , Video Clips , Photo Gallery , Screen Saver
 If you are looking for The Three Stooges shorts you know and love this is not the set for you . The only shorts the collection has is on one disc of the 3 DVD 75th Annivesary part of the collection . That disc only contrains four shorts and those are four of the most common Stooges shorts , -LRB- Disorder In The Court , Brideless Groom , Malice In The Palace , and Sing A Song Of Six Pants -RRB- . If the shorts you know and love are what you want , I might suggest just going for the eight volumes of sets of Stooges shorts instead . This collection is more of an addition , if you are looking to put togther your own ultimate career spanning Three Stooges collection.This collection contains a lot of Pre-Three Stooges material . The bulk of this material is in the 4 DVD , The Three Stooges Collector 's Edition , part of this collection . It contains Ted Healy and His Stooges in Nertsery Rhymes , Beer and Pretzels , and The Big Idea . It also has three Shemp solos in His First Flame , Corn On The Cop , and Saltwater Daffy . You will also get Curly 's solo in Roast Beef and Movies.In both of these sets you will get , one dvd a piece , their animated shorts from 1965/66 . One Disc has 13 episode and the other has 8 of those animated advetures of Moe , Larry , and `` Curly Joe '' DeRita . In addition the four DVD set contains a full length feature , with the Stooges , Swing Parade -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , their appearances on The Steve Allen Show as well as their movie trailers and commercials.Then on the three DVD 75th Annivesary set the first disc can be considered a throw away unless you do n't have those four shorts I metioned earlier . It is good for some more of the Animated shorts and it contains the last ever Three Stooges program Kook 's Tour -LRB- 1970 -RRB- . Too bad Larry suffered a stroke , I think Kook 's Tour had the potential to be a very decent and fun travelogue . It is not physical like the other Stooges works , -LRB- Just consider how old they are in 1970 . Not to mention Larry and Moe dieing five years later -RRB- , but there is enough verbal and site gags mixed with the information about the places they are at to keep it moving.The only knock I give this collection is I would of like to have seen the whole pilot for Jerks Of All Trades instead of just the clip they give in this collection . With that said I purchased this cheaper , at the time form another place , but I see the price has dropped here . I still think it was worth getting before the price here drop myself . All-in-all if you are looking to have a collection of The Three Stooges matrial spanning their whole career , then this collection will be a great addition to your Three Sooges collection .
 I 'd recommend this set for someone who is seriously interested in the Three Stooges , perhaps looking to round out a collection with some rare material and is n't necessarily looking for a large collection of classic shorts . It does n't contain a lot of classic shorts . It could be said that it does n't contain any classic shorts . I did find the shorts in this collection to be quite interesting , though , as I have never seen them on TV . There are a few shorts with Ted Healy , the guy who originated the Stooges . And , there are some shorts with a young Shemp without any of the other Stooges and shorts with Moe or Curly with other people.I found these shorts to be a fascinating glimpse at a sort of proto-Stooge development . A lot of the classic elements can be seen as proto-Moe interacts with unrecognized stooge-like characters and a proto-Shemp interacts with decidedly non-Stooge characters . Some of the shorts have bizarre elements that leave me wondering what in the world they were thinking when they were producing them . But then again , that is often the case with the much loved classic Three Stooges shorts . It is n't something that detracts from the material -LRB- in my mind anyway -RRB- . Instead it makes them endearing and novel to me.This collection also contains home movie footage with a narrative describing the genesis of the Three Stooges . I found it very interesting to see the mother and father of Moe , Shemp , and Curly -LRB- I think Moe looks like his mom and Shemp looks like his father -RRB- . There is footage of Moe , Larry , and Curly Joe on the Steve Allen Show , along with some commercial spots . There is also a feature length movie in the set that has the Three Stooges in it , though they are n't then center of the plot . And finally , the last DVD contains many cartoons that the Stooges voiced in the 1960 's . The collection also comes with a decently written history of the Stooges in a little booklet and a Three Stooges button/pin you can proudly display on your lapel.I enjoyed the behind-the-scenes and the around-the-fringes look at The Three Stooges that I have not seen elsewhere . I think it makes very good supplemental material for someone wanting to venture off the beaten path ; to see things that are n't widely run on TV .
 Went to Target today , and believe it or not , purchased this item . NO JOKE!Target in Troy , MIThis DVD Collection features : The Three Stooges 4-DVD set * The Three Stooges Everywhere * A day at the Theatre - Swing Parade of 1946 * Everybody 's in the Act * The Three Stooges Animated AnticsThe Three Stooges 75th Anniversary 3-DVD set * Disorder in the Court * Brideless Groom * Malice in the Palace * Sing a Song of Six Pants * Kook 's Tour -LRB- last movie they ever made in 1970 -RRB- Includes Bonus Booklet and Collection Photo AlbumDVD Special Features : * Three Stooges Commercials * Movie Trailers * Screensavers with ` soundbytes ' PC compatible * Biography of the three stooges * Interactive menus * Slide show featuring rare and very ` stoog-ey ' photos * Classic video clips of Larry , Moe and Curly Joe * Three Stooges Cartoon Collection -LRB- 8 classic original color animated episodes -RRB- 1 . Bee My Honey2 . Litter Bear3 . Turnabout Is Bearplay4 . Furry Fugitive5 . Curly 's Bear6 . Bearfoot Bandit7 . Hair of the Bear8 . Watt 's My Lion ? & * Exclusive interviews with Stooges family and friends
 what can you say about the three stooges , except there one of several slap stick comedys that we need on tv today , instead of all the violence !
 Loved the action and voices and thought it provoking . Enjoyed the movie immensely and wanted to add it to my collection
 Contrary to what Amazon says , this blu-ray comes with both French and English soundtracks . Unfortunately there are no subtitles in any language . I owned this on DVD , but the blu-ray quality is definitely worth it for me .
 Maybe it 's just me , but I really like the movie . The storyline is progressive and well thought out . The whole presentation of the art is really enjoyable , for me ... and , it 's something that you wo n't find in any other movie ... animated or not . Of course , I like the music and it 's adaptation to the scenes . -LRB- Some is kind of creepy , but nonetheless appealing to the overall look and feel of the movie . -RRB- It 's a permanent addition to my collection because it compares to nothing else . Just glad I happened upon the show to enjoy it and find something unlike anything else I 'd seen before.After purchasing the Blu-Ray , it becomes even sharper and more entertaining to watch , as mentioned by Timothy K. Bryant in earlier review ... as well , from my perspective . It 's really a visually stimulating movie , whether you like the storyline or not . Personally , I liked the story and it 's many twists and turns . Truly , I wish the flick had been better reviewed by the masses , but here we are ... in a digital-age of freedom ... where no one makes their own decisions - rather read the online and published reviews and form an opinion to what everyone else thought . Wish everyone could have an opportunity to watch it and enjoy the movie . I 've shown it to many who 've added it to their collections , as well.I found it very impressive .
 While movies are art & whether or not you like the story is n't a certainty , what is will be the picture quality of this disc on a plasma television with deep blacks !
 Having only seen this on SD DVD , I was anxious for it to be distributed in HD . I searched and searched , to no avail . I finally found it and it was more expensive than I wanted to spend for it , but ultimately it was worth it when I decided to pick it up . I was disappointed in that there were n't any features discussing the process used in creating the film , but I 'm happy I now have it in HD .
 This is the stuff that Columbia/Tristar should be releasing on discnot another deluxe , special edition of `` Spiderman '' Randolph Scott isin top form as the leader of a band of rebel confederates who afterRobbing a Union Convoy & killing all on board they come to find outthat the civil war has ended over a month ago . Faced with choice ofbeing executed or fleeing for home . As men option the latter onlya posse of bounty hunters ruin the groups chances asthey are forced to take hostages and hold up in a stagecoach shack.One of the best in a series of good westerns made by RandolphScott in the 1950 's This one sports a great plot with a good castof characters including Donna Reed , Richard Denning and Lee MarvinThe remaster quality is excellent -LRB- almost blinding -RRB- in it 's brighttechnicolor glory . Come on Columbia get the lead out of that filmvault and release `` The Bounty Hunter '' and `` Commanche Station '' !
 Director Roy Huggins has produced a winner in the classic oater HANGMAN 'S KNOT . Released in 1952 , this film features Scott , with a supporting cast including Donna Reed and Lee Marvin , as a Confederate agent sent west with a small party to capture Yankee gold for the beleaguered Confederacy . Action is taught and the dialogue , in its leanness , is at times reminiscent of the later Budd Boetticher Scott westerns of the late 1950s . This is certainly one of the best Randy Scott movies of the 1950s and maintains interest thoughout .
 Major Matt Stewart , CSA , -LRB- Randolph Scott -RRB- and his men have a problem . It 's Nevada , 1865 , and they 've just shot down a group of Union soldiers and taken $ 50,000 worth of gold . Their orders were do to just this , and to get the gold back to the Confederacy . The problem is that the war ended a few weeks ago and they did n't know it . No one will believe their story if they turn themselves in , not with ten or so Union corpses on the ground . They decide to keep the gold and attempt to make their way back home . This is n't going to be easy . Stewart and his men wind up in an isolated stage relay station , pinned down by a gang of murderous drifters . With Stewart and his men are Molly Hull -LRB- Donna Reed -RRB- and Lee Kemper -LRB- Richard Denning -RRB- , who 'd been passengers on a stage . Molly had been a Union nurse and is a fine looking woman . Kemper says he 's her fianc&eacute;e , but we suspect that he 's just a smooth operator , probably with cowardly tendencies . And there 's the couple who run the station , an old man and his daughter-in-law , a woman whose husband and son were killed fighting for the Union.Then there 's the matter of Stewart 's men . Most are reasonably good guys , including Cass Browne -LRB- Frank Faylen -RRB- , a matter-of-fact realist with a sense of irony , and Jamie Groves -LRB- Claude Jarman , Jr. -RRB- , the obligatory young kid who has to learn to become a man . There 's also Rolph Bainter -LRB- Lee Marvin -RRB- as , what else if Marvin plays him , a mouth-breathing bully with a fondness for killing . `` What 's happened to you ? Is it that easy to kill a man ? '' Major Stewart asks Bainter just after Bainter guns down a minor player . `` Well , is n't it ? '' says Bainter with a shrug.Hangman 's Knot starts with a rousing action sequence that includes the attack on the gold escort , the tense appearance of the drifters ' gang , the stagecoach chase and the first attack on the stage station . It concludes with a violent resolution that involves fire and rain , with lighting and betrayal all mixing it up with a lot of death . Some critics have said that the middle of Hangman 's Knot , when everyone except the drifters is holed up in the small , two-room station , is slow going . I do n't think so . It 's just that the middle does n't have any galloping . What the middle section has is tense character development . We get to know who the people are and see the dynamics of their relationships change , thanks to a shrewd screenplay . I do n't want to make too much of this but in the hands of actors like Jeanette Nolan , Frank Faylen , Glenn Langan and Richard Denning Hangman 's Knott turns into a pleasant way to spend 81 minutes . While it may not be an A movie , it certainly is n't a B movie , perhaps a strong B-plus . And it 's Randolph Scott who makes the difference . He had long ago established himself as a major star . Like Joel McCrea , he liked the outdoors and had enough money and smarts to make the movies he wanted to make , namely Westerns . Most of the movies he made in the Fifties he also produced . Scott was a big guy who aged well and stayed lean . There never was any doubt which side of honor Scott 's characters came down on.Watching Randolph Scott handle Lee Marvin is an interesting lesson in star charisma . In this movie , Marvin is modestly billed but has an important role . Five years later inSeven Men From Now -LRB- Special Collector 's Edition -RRB- , Marvin is billed third and the movie essentially is about the two of them . Marvin is still the sneering bully who likes to prod the weak . In both movies , Marvin is such a strong presence with his own brand of charisma and vivid unlikablity that not too many star actors could have stood up to him . Scott was 26 years older than Marvin and looks it . Yet it is Scott , in my opinion , who dominates . Marvin steals no scenes he shares with Scott . That , in my view , speaks to Scott 's genuine star power . In the movies , assuming the actors are both capable , lip-smacking evil will almost always dominate earnest good . Just look at how Walter Huston stole the show from Edward Arnold inThe Devil & Daniel Webster - Criterion Collection . It takes a rare actor who plays good to dominate another capable actor playing bad . Not many actors had Lee Marvin playing second fiddle . Scott did it twice.The color movie has a good DVD transfer that does justice to all those wide-open spaces in the first third of the movie . There are no extras .
 Columbia Pictures presents `` HANGMAN 'S KNOT '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- -LRB- 81 mins/Color -RRB- -LRB- Dolby digitally remastered -RRB- -- Starring Randolph Scott , Donna Reed , Frank Faylen , Richard Denning & Lee Marvin -- Directed by Roy Huggins and released in November 15 , 1952 , our story line and film , It 's 1865 in Nevada and a unit of Confederate soldiers attack a Union troop carrying gold . They kill the soldiers and capture the gold only to learn the war ended a month ago . Deciding to keep the gold they flee but get chased by a group of drifters that want the gold . They get pinned down at a stage relay station and when deals between the two sides fail , the drifters decide to burn them out -- Highly regarded western which ranks alongside the Scott-Boetticher vehicles of a few years later -- Harry Joe Brown and Randy Scott produced some of the best westerns Hollywood ever made , this is one of them ... one of only two films directed by the brilliant writer-producer Roy Huggins.Under Roy Huggins -LRB- Director / Screenwriter -RRB- , Harry Joe Brown -LRB- Producer -RRB- , Charles Lawton -LRB- Cinematographer -RRB- , Mischa Bakaleinikoff -LRB- Musical Direction/Supervision -RRB- , Gene Havlick -LRB- Editor -RRB- , Frank A. Tuttle -LRB- Set Designer -RRB- - - - - the cast includes Randolph Scott -LRB- Matt Stewart -RRB- , Donna Reed -LRB- Molly Hull -RRB- , Claude Jarman , Jr. -LRB- Jamie Groves -RRB- , Frank Faylen -LRB- Cass Browne -RRB- , Glenn Langan -LRB- Capt. Peterson -RRB- , Richard Denning -LRB- Lee Kemper -RRB- , Lee Marvin -LRB- Rolph Bainter -RRB- , Clem Bevans -LRB- Plunkett -RRB- , Jeanette Nolan -LRB- Mrs. Harris -RRB- , Ray Teal -LRB- Quincey -RRB- , Monte Blue -LRB- Maxwell -RRB- , John Call -LRB- Egan Walsh -RRB- , Reed Howes -LRB- Hank Fletcher -RRB- , Guinn `` Big Boy '' Williams -LRB- Smitty -RRB- , Frank Yaconelli , Grant Withers , Edward Earle , Post Park , Frank S. Hagney - - - - Randy Scott had a quiet gentleman nature about him which is not seen in the films of today ... Randy took his job and his responsibility to his audience very seriously , , , would not settle for anything less than his best ... same was true in his personal life.SPECIAL FEATURES BIOS :1 . Randolph Scott -LRB- aka
 Between 1951 and 1954 the prolific Randolph Scott completed six westerns for Hungarian director Andre de Toth in between times he still found time to make a couple more westerns most notable of which was the highly rated and commercially successful HANGMAN 'S KNOT -LRB- 1952 -RRB- A Scott-Brown Production for Columbia Pictures . Written and Directed by Roy Huggins . This was Huggins only film as director . Later he moved into television and had such series as MAVERICK and THE ROCKFORD FILES to his credit.The story is of a small band of Confederate soldiers led by Major Matt Stewart -LRB- Randolph Scott -RRB- who following an attack a Union gold shipment discover from a Union soldier survivor that the war has been over a month . Lee Marvin plays one of the soldiers in his first of several films with Scott ; another of the soldiers is young Claude Jarman Jr. . Most of the action takes place in the Sierra Stage Line Way Station , where the soldiers are pinned down along with the stagecoach passengers and station keepers by a renegade band posing as the lawmen led by Quincy -LRB- Ray Teal -RRB- who were after the gold . Among the passengers are former Union army nurse -LRB- Donna Reed -RRB- and her no-good fianc&eacute;e -LRB- Richard Denning -RRB- . The tension rises as the advantage shifts from one side to the other before the leading up the eventual final showdown . A credit to all concerned with high production values throughout.Hopefully Columbia will digitally re-master other fifty-odd year-old Randolph Scott Westerns like the wonderful RIDE LONESOME -LRB- 1959 -RRB- and his penultimate film COMANCHE STATION -LRB- 1960 -RRB- they deserve the best of treatment and care for future generations to enjoy .
 It seems somehow very fitting that Randolph Scott , who never really made it to the A-list of Western stars -LRB- though he was one of the top box-office stars of the ' 50 's -RRB- , should head up the cast in this movie , which focuses on the neglected subject of the guerrilla actions fought over much of the American West in 1861-5 , as the Confederacy struggled to detach the gold-rich Territories and California from the Union , busy the Army with Indian uprisings , and keep itself financed by hijacking bullion shipments . Himself a Virginian , he plays Maj. Matt Stewart , a Confederate officer who leads a small band of partisans in a daring and cleverly plotted theft of a load of Comstock gold -- only to discover that Lee has already surrendered . Now he faces the dilemma of what to do with the gold -- keep it and be branded an outlaw , return it and risk being hanged by overzealous Union supporters ? What 's worse , there 's soon a posse on the trail of his band , led by the slyly sinister Quincey -LRB- Ray Teal -RRB- , who may have their own plans for the gold . Donna Reed plays a former Union nurse who , with her fiance , is aboard the stagecoach that gets swept up in the affair ; Claude Jarman , Jr. , who played John Wayne 's son inRio Grande , appears as young Jamie Groves , the `` kid '' of Stewart 's band ; and a young -LRB- age 28 -RRB- Lee Marvin offers a delightful foreshadowing of his part inThe Man Who Shot Liberty Valanceas Rolph Bainter , who , like Quincey , has his own ideas about what should be done with the swag . There 's plenty of good pace and steadily ratcheting tension and a satisfying ending . This may be one of the best movies to begin with if you 're unfamiliar with Scott 's sizeable Western ouevre .
 `` Hangman 's Knot '' moves briskly along from beginning to end . There 's no dead space in this Scott-Brown Production for Columbia Pictures . There 's a good linear plot with fine character development , good acting and enough action to appeal to a wide spectrum of viewers . Scott always delivers his best and makes his character believable within the context of the film.I 've only seen the VHS of this film but it 's enough to make me want to order a DVD . This one 's a keeper.Now if only we could get DVDs -LRB- let alone BluRays -RRB- of all the classic Scott-Brown -LRB- `` Ranown '' -RRB- films , particularly , `` Ride Lonesome '' .
 This film must have had a touch of de ja vu for Randolph Scott . As in his 1940 `` Virginia City '' , he is in charge of a stolen Yankee gold shipment in Nevada , meant to help the Confederacy prolong the War . In both cases , this operation occurred just before or just after the War was over . Thus , the question is : What should be done with the gold ? They could n't just give it back to Federal authorities , as they had killed 7 soldiers in stealing it , even if they believed they were acting on behalf of their government . Most of the film involves fending off bandits who know for sure what to do with the gold . In the end , it 's not clear -LRB- to me -RRB- the eventual fate of the gold . Perhaps a fate basically similar to that of the gold in `` Virginia City '' ? More likely , the remaining hostages -LRB- now their declared friends ! -RRB- , returned it to Federal authorities , explaining that the theives had all been killed in a shootout with another bandit gang or by themselves -LRB- not true -RRB- ... A good action western . The plot is not complicated , but the basic situation is , especially for the ex-Confederates and their hostages .
 Hangman 's knot is an exciting , suspense-filled Western starring Randolph Scott -LRB- 1898-1987 -RRB- and an excellent supporting cast , including Donna Reed -LRB- 1921-1986 -RRB- and Lee Marvin -LRB- 1924-1987 -RRB- . At the and of the Civil War , a small band of Confederate soldiers ambush a Union gold shipment . To their horror , they learn from Dying soldiers that the war between the north and south has been over for a month . Now facing certain criminal prosecutions for acts commited while they through the war was over , the troop seeks refuge in a stagecoach waystations . A feisty ex-union army nurse -LRB- Reed -RRB- and three others are held captive while the men plot their next move . The troop 's leader -LRB- Scott -RRB- wants to return the gold in exchange for amnesty , but the bloodthirsty bounty hunters are closing in , and have every intention of taking the loot and hanging the soldiers . High Quality Transfer .
 Around the end of the Civil War , Major Matt Stewart -LRB- Randolph Scott -RRB- leads a successful ambush against a Union gold wagon . After wiping out the Union guards , they find out the war is over . Instead of an act of war , Major Stewart and his men will be regarded as murderers and robbers . Their last chance to prove their innocence is destroyed when Rolph Bainter -LRB- Lee Marvin -RRB- kills their liaison , a man who could have informed Major Stewart of the war 's end , but chose not to because he wanted the gold for himself . Things go from bad to worse when a collection of armed riffraff masquerading as peace officers get on their trail and trap them in stagecoach station.This is the first movie in which Lee Marvin had a significant role and he does a good job of playing a coldblooded killer , a role he would repeat many times in his film career . There is plenty of action and drama in this movie , numerous plot twists , fine acting , and gorgeous photography . I strongly recommend it .
 The only feature film directed by Roy Huggins , who also wrote the screenplay and made a career as a writer for TV westerns and crime dramas , as well as writing a few other films in the noir and western genres in the late 40s and early 50s , HANGMAN 'S KNOT is on the surface a rather typical men-holed-up-against-superior-odds tale , but it has enough neat little twists , and good enough characterizations to make it stand out as above average in Randolph Scott 's impressive 1950s filmography . With exteriors done in the same Alabama Hills where the more famous Ranown series films with Budd Boetticher were shot a few years later , and with production handled by Harry Joe Brown with assistance from the star , it 's no surprise that the film starts out with something of the look and feel of the later films - with one cardinal difference , and that being that Scott is n't a man alone here.This time out he 's Major Matt Stewart , leader of a small company of Confederate soldiers bent on ambushing a Union stagecoach full of gold . This the group does , killing a dozen bluecoats , but at the cost of three of their own . The five men take the gold for a rendezvous with Stewart 's commander , Captain Petersen , but not before they 've heard a dying Northerner blurt out that the war is over . Turns out the Captain knew about it , which prompts the angry and hotheaded Rolph -LRB- Lee Marvin -RRB- to shoot him dead on the spot . Stewart keeps his cool , knowing he 'll need his most experienced man if they 're to fend off posses and marshals , and get back home . What to do with the gold is discussed , but not decided before the group waylays another stagecoach with a couple of passengers , Lee Kemper -LRB- Richard Denning -RRB- and Molly Hull -LRB- Donna Reed -RRB- , his fiancee . With a larger posse in hot pursuit , Stewart and his men make it to a way station and hold up there , and this becomes the setting for the last 2/3 of the film.The tension in HANGMAN 'S KNOT is built up very well ; of course we know , this being a conventional 50s western , that Scott 's hero character will pull through , but the rest of it we 're allowed to keep guessing . There is also a theme of when and how violence can be justified running through the film - the quote I used for my title is from early in the film , and represents the difference between the Major , who hates to kill and tries to avoid it , and Rolph , who cares nothing about anything but his own hide and pleasure . Marvin 's character soon attains the role of chief antagonist , even as the Major and his men find that they ca n't necessarily trust Molly or Lee , or the daughter -LRB- Jeanette Nolan -RRB- of the old and relatively friendly station agent -LRB- Clem Bevans -RRB- , who hates the Confederates for the deaths of her husband and son . Complicating matters further is the growing evidence that the posse that has them penned in are nothing more than bandits themselves - and their capture of one of the Major 's men -LRB- Frank Faylen -RRB- . The men explore various ways to get out of their predicament and keep coming up short , but events partially out of their control conspire to force them to take action quickly.It 's all very nicely put together and beautifully photographed in Technicolor by Charles Lawton Jr. , with Scott and Marvin the standouts in an excellent cast ; they make a fine couple of adversaries and I wish they 'd gotten to work against each other more often . Marvin is in the typical vicious mode he played so often early on - but with less humor than usual - and Scott is upright and moral as always , but also rather sad and a bit fatalistic . I do have a problem with the weaselly character of Lee ; maybe I 've just seen too many craven fiancee/boyfriend/husband characters in westerns of this period -LRB- especially Randolph Scott westerns -RRB- , and it 's getting old . And the scenes with Nolan 's Mrs. Harris and the young Jamie , a boyish surrogate son to the Major , as the two try to mend the hatreds of North and South in one night of discussions just come off as a little too well-meaning and Hollywood . But these are very minor complaints , and one could say that , on the flipside , they 're signs that this simple genre was always trying to add some nuance to the tired old cliches - even if sometimes they were just creating new cliches in the process.If I had to boil it down to just a few words , I 'd just say this
 One of my best Aida on DVD.Only one regret production incomplete should be reproduce in full .
 I meant to see this in the cinema with a friend but we never got round to it so as soon as it came out on DVD I had already planned an evening in.To give a bit of background , Kitano plays Aniki Yamamoto , a Japanese gangster forced to leave Japan for Los Angeles . In a place where he does n't understand a word of language he finds his younger brother Ken . Within moments Aniki is up to his usual antics - starting gang wars and turns his brother and his drug dealing side-kicks into a prominent yakuza force in LA. I loved this movie so much . Yes it 's violent but Kitano never directs the movie as to glorify it.It 's not the violent moments that make the film but the more quieter moments where the friendship of Yamamoto and his new-found friends grow , blossom and fade all too quickly.Omar Epps is sublime as Denny , whom Kitano 's character forms an unlikely friendship and the two actors play off one another superbly.Make no mistake , this is a violent film but Kitano still manages to inject some moments of hilarity . The board meeting with the Mexican crime lords had my sides splitting where Ken has to translate for his older brother , Aniki.This is a beautiful , thinking man 's gangster film - so unlike a lot of the tripe you see today . There 's beauty , happiness , tradgedy and action all flowing from one superbly shot Kitano scene to the next . It has to be said also that Joe Hisashi 's score and soundtrack are wonderful to behold.If you 're a Kitano fan then this is a must-see and it 's also worthwhile if you 've never seen a Kitano film and are looking for something refreshing in the action-gangster genre.In my opinion Kitano 's style will never appeal to the mainstream western cinema but this fantastic effort ensures that his fan-base and credibility in the west is surely justified and he can probably add some new fans after this one as well.Compelling viewing .
 I saw this film at this year 's Sundance Film Festival and loved it . I do think however that most of the American characters in the film are unbelievable characters . The Japanese gangsters are great , while the American gangsters seem like they are off a really bad soap opera . Kitano is much better at creating Japanese characters . A Japanese audience would most likely not pick up on this , so I really tried to look at this movie in that context . I really liked all the action and yakuza scenes however . Defiantly worth seeing!totemo omoshirokata
 Brother is a good movie . With the classic structure and style from the kitano 's movies -LRB- it means slow , explosive and very emotional -RRB- , now adding a different background
 DVD is just as described and arrived very quickly . Seems to be new with no damage or wear . Good job .
 Wonderful movie !! Beat Takeshi is a great director and has fantastic presence in any movie he stars ! Fans of Pulp Fiction or True Romance should enjoy this movie . I wo n't go into the storyline , you can read that on the preview , but you wo n't be disappointed if you like action movies . This is one of the better ones !
 One of my favorite `` yakuza '' movie 's . Classic Beat and a young Omar Epps.This film is not going to win any oscar 's but it does a decent job of incorporating old school Asian traditions with in non cultured America . Loved the props they gave to the US Mafia.If you like gansta films , this one might intrigue you .
 Many Takeshi Kitano fans hate this film but I actually find it to be his most enjoyable . If you liked Sonatine , then you will like this . However this is the American version of the film and it is HEAVILY CUT AND EDITED ! Poorly cut and edited too may I also point out . Some parts which were clear and easy to understand in the original become confusing due to the editing . Have no fear THE ORIGINAL UNCUT VERSION IS EASY TO FIND . I recommend this edition of the film : Brother -LRB- Uncut release ! -RRB- which is awesome .
 Brother -LRB- Takeshi Kitano , 2000 -RRB- When I see a film that has both the names Ren Osugi and Ryo Ishibashi in the credits at the video store , I know I 'm in for a good time . Brother did not disappoint.Kitano does what so few foreign directors manage to do
 I think this movie was really really good ! i love it so much ! i recommended this movie to all my friends and family and they all loved it !!! in the beginning you wonder what the hell is going on ? but if you pay attention you will understand the whole movie ! i thought it was the best yakuza movie i had seen so far ...
 Bottom line
 Ok never heard of this guy knew of Omar Epps seen him do mostly Black Dramas so along comes this movie that had it not had him on the cover I probably would have ignored it so I picked it up read the back cover put it down came back a week later on one of movie nights at home and pop it into my DVD player and was loving it from the moment it started Takeshi kitano is pure genius he made me chuckle at his mannerisms but I loved his intimate relationship with Omar Epps character after running into him on the street . I 'm glad there was a mix of races in this movie from Asain , Blacks , Hispanic and , Italian.It gave the movie depth it made it seem more realistic . The only reason I gave it four stars was that the pacing threw me for a couple moments and I was tempted to fall asleep until the action started other wise it was a treat to see definently a buy when I can track it down on DVD .
 Though it lacks the subtle emotional resonance of Fireworks -LRB- Hana-Bi -RRB- , Brother is nevertheless one of Takeshi Kitano 's best films . It is certainly the most briskly paced , one of the best acted , and one of the most violent films in this master 's oeuvre.Kitano 's brilliance lies in showing you things in unexpected ways , often by means of excluding parts of the action that would be considered essential in conventional editing . But the boldness of his choices , the stunning photography , and the sure-handed editing all combine so that his unusual shot selection seems perfectly natural , a result of economy and artistic conviction , rather than unnecessary quirk or a desire to show off . His is one of the most distinctive narrative voices in cinema today.Kitano remains the perfect actor for his own directing and scripting . In Brother , as in Boiling Point , Kitano often takes the story away from his own character to explore supporting characters . But unlike in Boiling Point , here we have a supporting cast -LRB- headed by Omar Epps , who adapts into the Kitano style of comedy fluidly -RRB- thoroughly capable of holding our gaze , honororary mention going to Kuroudo Maki for his doggedly persistent portrayal of Yamamoto 's younger half-brother Ken , Susumu Terajima as loyal -LRB- but also very funny -RRB- lieutenant Kato , and Masaya Kato as psychotic henchman Shirase.The title Brother has a broader application in this film . The Epps-Kitano chemistry is enormous , surprising because it usually consists of only a couple of small gestures and a few lines of deadpan dialogue . Given its meaning in both Japanese gangster-speak -LRB- `` aniki '' -RRB- and American vernacular , it 's a brilliant choice for a title . And Kitano shows that he can make a film with American actors without sacrificing any of his distinctive style . A must-see for Kitano fans , to be sure , but also crucial viewing for all cinema lovers who relish seeing a master at his peak .
 I am fed up with people talking about how kill bill is such a good film . I watched this film about a week after I saw Kill Bill and I honestly think this is the better film . I watched it 3 times . The way Beat ' integrates american and japanese culture makes this film standout . The scene where his luitenent plays basketball with one of his brothers friends stands out . Another scene is when they go to attack the mafia , all you see is flashes of gunfire while this young boy is dead in the car . This is a moving film , asides the infruequent gore , You feel a great sympathy for the characters.Kill bill has no technique at all especially when she is fighting the crazy 88 or whatever . I have seen more technique in Iron Monkey -LRB- an old skool martial arts film -RRB- The awkward ending leaves you distraught with no hope , but that is the point of the film and ` Beat ' portays it that way .
 I ABSOLUTELY love this CD . It is my all time favorite . I listen to it I 'm surprise it still works . These are some of the best musicians . I purchased it several months ago and I will never tire of it , each song as good as the next . Some CDs have a few good songs on them and the rest are mediocra to terrible , each of the songs on this CD are as good as the others , not bad song on the CD . If I could give it more than 5 stars I would . Love it .
 in my opinion , anything takeshi kitano does is remarkable . this movie is no different . for kitanos first movie here in the u.s. , it delivers . there are gr8 action moments , suspence , and funny moments . and takeshi 's way of positioning the camera is just as great . i recommend this to any yakuza fan out there . i still watch this often 2day and still enjoy it as much as the 1st time .
 I 'll keep this short , I saw Fireworks and thought it was average at best , saw pieces of that kijuro or whatever its called with the little kid in it , that one was pretty good . I liked this movie alot and its the only reason I got into Takeshi Kitano movies , if I never happened to stumble accross this movie late night on Showtime or Cinemax I would have never sparked an interest . I 'm not a sheep so I dont follow everyone elses opinions , and you can trust my reviews I wont say somethings good because everyone else does.Try it out , Rent or buy .
 I have a sort of love/hate relationship with Takeshi Kitano . I think he 's got a HUGE ego , likes to put his own image on screen far too much , can overindulge in sentimentality , and occasionally offers filmic messages which border on being fascist . At his worst , his films are extremely hostile towards people who look or behave outside the norm -- see the scene in FIREWORKS where , disguised as a cop , Takeshi pretends to shoot a long haired kid from his car window ; it 's EASY RIDER from the point of view of the rednecks in the pickup . He seems to advocate a shoot-first-ask-questions-later defense of the family , the home , etc. , which seems to identify him with the more conservative or right-leaning aspects of Japanese society , which leaves me -LRB- and some more progressive Japanese -RRB- with misgivings about his work . His movies also are brutally violent -- there 's a scene in BROTHER where my hands leapt to my face and I cried out involuntarily , which I just do n't DO in movies . All that said , I rather enjoyed this film . It 's a relatively simple tale of loyalty and friendship among mobsters . Takeshi is a Yakuza who goes looking for his brother in LA , and ends up working with his brother 's gang to take over drug distribution in their neighborhood , going to war with other gangs to do so . Some of the violence here does n't seem to have much to do with the story -- there are scenes of finger-cuttings and hara-kiri that are n't really that justified in terms of the narrative -- and as I say , there is some very extreme brutality from time to time -- but if you do n't mind violent cinema , are interested in the Yakuza , like gangster movies , or just like to watch smartly-made films , BROTHER is ultimately rewarding and enjoyable . It does n't break much new ground , but it kept my interest up . The supporting cast , by the way , are quite good ; Takeshi seems as able to direct in English as in Japanese . As far as I know , this is his first film since JOHNNY MNEMONIC -LRB- which he merely acted in -RRB- that has a substantially English-speaking cast ...
 Of all the directors who have plundered the legacy of Jean-Pierre Melville for superficial treasure , Takeshi Kitano has always been the most intelligent , the most alert to the Frenchman 's metaphysical drive . ` Brother ' , Kitano 's mostly marvellous new feature , is imbued with all things Melville , from the opening silent wandering of yakuza hero Yamomoto , like Jef Costello in ` Le Samourai ' , and his Alain Delon-lookalike sidekick , to the muted blue color palette , the faceless glass buildings and grey ritual beach from ` Dirty Money ' . Most pertinent , however , is Melville 's under-rated ` Two men in Manhattan ' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- . That was Melville 's first American film ; this is Takeshi 's ; both directors ' first cultural work in the country whose major urban genre they had made their own . And like Melville , instead of dealing with this new country and its customs , Kitano seems to have become more obsessively Japanese , even more interested in ritual , stylisation , nation , philosophy . In other words , Kitano has taken foreign money to make an uncompromisingly personal film which , like ` Boiling Point ' and ` Kids ' Return ' , turns the gangster film into a perverse rites-of-passage .
 A Japanese yakuza henchman -LRB- played by Kitano -RRB- named `` Brother '' came the States after his clan was destroyed in a mafia war back in Japan . Here the Brother organised his friends into a clan and started a cruel war on local mafia families to win a space . The newcomer is cruel and does not think twice before killing his rivals . However , what makes this movie worth watching is natural looking Darwinist style violence and relationships within his band beautifully played by Kitano and his actors.What always appealed me in Kitano 's films is human interaction between central characters including the most negative ones . The Brother is cruel , strong , and a good marksman . He is not a kind of person you ordinarily would like to meet on a street . However , he ultimately sacrifices his life to save Danny , his black companion , from the band of Italians . But in the beginning of the movie those two characters had very few if any reasons to like each other after the Brother pokes Danny in the eye with a broken bottle , then cheats him in a game.Another moving scene is when the Brother 's right hand man sacrifices his life to persuade another local Japanese criminal ring to merge with the Brother 's operation . Simple , convincing and incomprehensible at the same time!I gave this movie five stars and highly recommend it to anyone interested in action . This film is The Action itself !
 Kitano 's first -LRB- and only -RRB- feature film foray into English language territory , BROTHER may be Kitano at his simplest , but most certainly at his coolest - since Hana Bi , anyway.Kitano plays a disgraced Yakuza foot soldier whose extreme behaviour sees him exiled in the US , where his younger brother lives . Kitano starts his new life exactly where his old life left of - with extreme violence.This is Kitano at the height of his self-destructive performances . Separated from his `` family '' , adrift in a banal culture , with little understanding of the language , his fast and fiery rise to power is bested only by his rapid decline.One gripe
 I 'll get around to writing a better review eventually . I liked the movie , and just wanted to point out that Denny revenge scene was n't too light because he was n't finished . Because of the ending events happened differently then he thought they were going to .
 This movie is great , not too slow , like Fireworks is too many people . The action scenes are intermixed well with Takeshi 's usual trivial -LRB- sometimes humorous -RRB- scenes.It show a good contrast between LA thugs and the Yakuza back home . If you thought his other movies were too slow , this will not disappoint .
 There is such a paucity of good movies out these days that when a decent , worthwhile effort such as this appears one is tempted to rate it higher than it deserves.While Hollywood continues to churn out the usual stuff and sequels to try and maintain the revenue momentum , along comes the odd foreign movie to jolt the system a little.Contrast the violent portrayal of gangster life against the latest Arnie movie . I am sure that there will be uproar in some quarters not only against the viciousness of it but also against the graphic nature . The broader view is the use of the violence to highlight a code of honour to which the Japanese gangsters adhere.The film contrasts the use of violence in gangster societies , pitting the somewhat ethical stance of the Japanese against the money orientated Mafia and the utter ruthlessness to which they will resort.A peculiar feature of the movie is the central character who speaks fewer words than in the entire screenplay for 2001 . The camera follows his arrival in Los Angeles , his recollection of how he came to America , through his growing success in the drug trade until his ultimate demise . Throughout this journey homage is paid to American mob movies , in particular the Godfather . In one particular scene a meeting is planned whereby the other side are to be taken out by the use of weaponry hidden in the bathroom . When the moment comes , the weapons can not be accessed due to the bathroom being occupied . The penultimate scene too is a genuflection to the scene in the Godfather where Sonny is killed by the massed ranks of machine gun toting , nicely dressed hoods.But in the end the Yakuza is found to be a decent chap as he repays his long time associate for an earlier misdeed he committed against him and provides the wherewithal for a new start , presumably on the right side of the law.There are some great scenes in this movie , some of which are referred to in other reviews . The scenes are sharp and bright and the camerawork is excellent establishing a high sense of realism.This movie is not for the squeamish but should not be viewed as a gratuitous violence flick . It is a serious study of modern life and the blurring of cultural dividing lines across nations.Worth seeing again .
 Takeshi knows his crime drama and this film , while not as thoughtful as Fireworks , is stunning . If you enjoy a different style of pacing and characters with character then his movies are up your alley . Violent and then peaceful , Brother is more a work of art than just a yakuza film .
 I only planned to wach half this movie one day and the other the next as i had to work but ended up watching the whole thing on acount that this film blows me away . The acting is super from the whole cast down to epps . The blend of the diffrent familys puts you in the world of organizerd crime giving validity to the film -LRB- making it believable instead of some knockoff yakuza/mafia film , -RRB- Also very welcomed in this film is the humor generated between Denny and ANKI . If you like `` mob films '' but want more -LRB- good story , humor , acting , purpose -RRB- then watch this movie
 For example , the young lady who played Marina was wonderful in her role , and brightened up this darkly humorous Gangster Noir film.Watch this clever film .
 Brother was the first Takeshi Kitano film that I saw and I loved it ! The great thing about this film is that it is not the typical Hollywood garbage that you are so used to . It is not a neat tie a ribbon around it , and stick a pretty bow on top type of film . This beautifully filmed , riveting crime drama is a must see ! It is very refreshing to see a film from a non-western perspective . Kitano 's presence is extremely charismatic and engaging , though he says little and his filmmaker 's eye is unmatched . A + + + + + film.My only problem is that the DVD did not have any special features about the movie . This is a travesty for such a wonderful film .
 Takeshi Kitano is a respected Japanese film director . His films are brutal dramas of life in the Japanese mafia , not action thrillers , but slowly paced and carefully constructed commentary on the meaning of violence , honor , and even love . He uses long stretches of silence , and shots in which very little movement takes place . These serve to give the film a pensive atmosphere , and contrast with bursts of violence coming out of nowhere , with no warning and no stylistic embellishment . Kitano stabs a man with the exact same level of intensity as he turns on a light switch . Gunfights in Kitano 's movies are often nothing more than two combatants standing in a room firing bullet after bullet into each other until only the one with the most willpower is left standing . The standard Kitano `` hero '' is doomed from the start , as are basically all the other characters . The background of mafia violence is not the focus of the film , but is used to intensify its message . Kitano 's philosophy is that in order to show the greatest of one thing , you must show it 's opposite . In order to show the greatest love , and the greatest peace , one must show the strongest hatred and violence . The experience of watching one of his films is unique . They are quite powerful , unlike anything else being made today.That said , ` Brother ' is not as good as most Kitano films . It does n't seem to have that much original to say . What is does do well is transplant perfectly Kitano 's style from Japan to the United States . As a fan I enjoyed the film and am sure other Kitano fans will as well.Newcomers to Kitano 's films may expect this to be an action movie . They will be disappointed . This movie needs to be watched and judged it for what it is , a piece of art first and entertainment second .
 As introspective as it is violent , `` Brother '' manages to do what few Hollywood gangster films can -- entertain and make you think . To call the plot Shakespearean almost seems an insult , as its sensibilities are so obviously Japanese , with the emphasis not on the action but on the effects of it , but careful observers may see strains of `` Macbeth '' and `` Richard III '' in this very grown-up feature -LRB- with a little Sergio Leone thrown in -RRB- . Director and star Takeshi Kitano follows the last days of a disgraced Yakuza in America , whose brilliant but brutal rise to power in modern L.A. is matched only by the intensity of his loyalty to his friends and half-brother . Omar Epps is a likable presence as one of those friends , and the many familiar Japanese-American faces -- including veteran James Shigeta -- blends ably with the mostly Japanese cast . But it is Kitano that delivers the goods , wisely choosing to underplay Yamamoto as a pillar of quiet strength rather than allow him to become broad-based caricature . In fact , the understated tone of the film is what gives it so much style and intensity ; few American films would be bold enough to focus less on the shoot 'em ups and more on the aftermath or to raise the issue of black-on-Asian racism in a gangster movie . That the story ends up pretty much where you expect it to is less a flaw than the culmination of a satisfying slow burn , making this gem a must-see .
 Beat Takeshi provides another violent movie , whose purpose seems to be that violence begets violence , and ultimately it 's a dead end . The basic plot has Takeshi playing a yakuza forced to leave Japan upon the death of his boss . He finds his half brother in LA pushing drugs rather than attending school . Takeshi violently turns the small time crew into a major crime cartel.Yakuza themes of loyalty to family and honor over life pervade the movie . The omnipresent violence somehow avoids being gratuitous , perhaps because one realizes how more graphic it could have been . Unlike traditional western shoot 'em ups , we are left with the aftermath instead of the fight scenes themselves . At times it is hard to follow the plot and remember who is on whose sides , but perhaps that is the point .
 Acclaimed director Takeshi Kitano - winner of the Golden Lion in Venice '97 for his film `` Fireworks '' - is again behind the camera directing Brother , his ninth film to date . Kitano also plays the role of the main character as he has done in most of his films.The movie tells us the story of Yamamoto , a member of the Yakuza - the Japanese Mob - , who is expelled from the brotherhood he belongs to due to the betrayal of several members of his clan . He 's given up for dead and moves from Tokyo to Los Angeles where he has a younger brother who survives as a modest drug dealer . Then , they begin to wipe out their opponents and thanks to Yamamoto 's courage and insight they will become a powerful clan that controls several city areas . However , on their way to seize power , they meet their match and things will begin to go downhill . I wo n't spoil the ending but I must say that it 's a thrilling and emotive one.Kitano offers to the audience an electrifying portrayal of the Yakuza , its motivations and , most of all , its code of honor . The film can also be described as a tragedy because there 's a sense of fatality which indicates that everything in the movie moves toward their end . The film depicts the state of mind of a man -LRB- Yamamoto -RRB- who has lost everything in which he believed and who has become a stateless person , an uprooted drifter shunned from his cultural environment with a ticket of no return.As in other previous films by this director , deadpan humor is also present but perhaps not so constant as in other movies . There 's also an underlying parody of the genre of action and noir films in the realistic and , at the same time , exaggerated way that Kitano describes violence.Another remarkable aspect is the marvellous soundtrack composed by Kitano 's longtime collaborator , Joe Hisaishi . A tranquil and melodic score that apparently contrasts with the violence that surrounds the film and which features orchestral and minimal music accompanied by free jazz and rock with absolute perfection in an unparalled exercise of emotional intensity.To finish I 'll just say that , in my humble opinion , Brother is an exciting film that is worth seeing and which proves , one more time , that Takeshi Kitano is one of the most talented and distinctive filmmakers of our days .
 To describe `` Brother '' as Takeshi Kitano 's American directorial debut is like saying Lost in Translation is a Japanese movie . The speaker would be missing the boat totally . In `` Brother '' we see Japan and America coming to a cataclysmic impact as Yamamoto -LRB- Kitano -RRB- , a Yakuza mobster , is exiled from Japan and forced to live in America with his half-brother . When Kitano finds out that his brother is a small time drug dealer , Kitano takes his brother -LRB- as well as his gang -RRB- under his wing and turns them into a crime organization to be reckoned with . They take on a mexican cartel and italian mafia alike . However , we see the theme of brotherhood become more of a theme when he and Denny -LRB- played by Omar Epps -RRB- , another small time drug dealer , create a bond that was never attained by his blood brother.Kitano uses light and shadow to punctuate the drama , but the most awe inspiring element to his cinematic vision is the use of silence and stillness . When Kitano is on the screen , sometimes he stands like a statue . The silence in his films are deafening -LRB- for a remarkable example of this , I refer to the film `` Violent Cop '' -RRB- . With the use of Japanese and English language , we are thrust among the cultural barrier of the gang . However , they are able to circumvent this and become true brothers .
 Take it for what it 's worth !!! It 's clean and explosive visual and aural action ! One can not get confused or lost with the plot -LRB- not much of a twist to it but still suffices -RRB- ... For those who liked La Femme Nikita -LRB- original 1990 French version -RRB- and Leon/The Professional will definitely find themselves hooked on this film from the lead actor to it 's cinematic/somewhat classical score ! A friend of mine said the musical score did not fit this movie ; he 's wrong ! The soundtrack avoids making the stereotypical cliche of using cheap synthesized pulsating pop music ... The score gives the film it 's dramatic edge without getting campy.Actor / director Takeshi Kitano does a suave yet brutal portrayal as a yakuza leader from the `` old school '' who begins to clean house and claim territory from other rival mobs and gangsters.On the dvd audio/video technical side , the video transfer is clean and the digital surround is mind-blowing ! Special off screen sound effects pan around the room convincingly and effectively.The bass produced by the explosions and weaponry used is simply an adrenalin induced experience ...
 A Japanese yakuza henchman -LRB- played by Kitano -RRB- named `` Brother '' came the States after his clan was destroyed in a mafia war back in Japan . Here the Brother organised his friends into a clan and started a cruel war on local mafia families to win a space . The newcomer is cruel and does not think twice before killing his rivals . However , what makes this movie worth watching is natural looking Darwinist style violence and relationships within his band beautifully played by Kitano and his actors.What always appealed me in Kitano 's films is human interaction between central characters including the most negative ones . The Brother is cruel , strong , and a good marksman . He is not a kind of person you ordinarily would like to meet on a street . However , he ultimately sacrifices his life to save Danny , his black companion , from the band of Italians . But in the beginning of the movie those two characters had very few if any reasons to like each other after the Brother pokes Danny in the eye with a broken bottle , then cheats him in a game.Another moving scene is when the Brother 's right hand man sacrifices his life to persuade another local Japanese criminal ring to merge with the Brother 's operation . Simple , convincing and incomprehensible at the same time!I gave this movie five stars and highly recommend it to anyone interested in action . This film is The Action itself !
 Hands down the greatest movie of 2001 . WOW!what a gangster perfect mafia pic.TAKESHI `` BEAT '' KITANO IS THE MAN!He directed and stars in this great action mobster YakuZA flick evryone would love.It is well thought out and concept is great.A blen of SCARFACE and RESERVOIR DOGS but very different and unique . After you see this movie you will rush to the video store and buy it i assure you ! WOW ***** `` s.Check out also `` FIREWORKS '' with Beat Tkeshi also directed and `` SONATINE '' . BROTHER IS UNBELIEVABLE !!!!!!!! BUY OR RENT AT ALL COSTS _ -- `` TWO THUMBS UP , WAY UP ! '' ______ EMAIL ME about what you think or info ... ENJOY !!!!!!!!!!
 another great movie from Beat Takashi . . isnt as good as Fireworks but it still was a nice action/emotional film . I wish that the American characters had been more developed but overall the movie was spectacular .
 I rented this movie not really expecting much of it . When I started to watch it I found the flow of the movie very appealing to me . It is about an exiled Yakuza that goes to america to live with his brother that he sent to college only to find out that his brother is a street thug drug pusher . The movie then follows along how the exiled Yakuza moves his useless brother and worthless friends up in the ranks of the underworld Yakuza style and their eventual fall in a very realistic way . People are saying that the movie is boring but i think they were expecting the wrong things from it . This movie is not really an action movie anyway . It is very real in the sense of the route some people take and the way they end up because of it . I would say rent it and not buy it although it is a very good movie see it for yourself then decide . Yes the movie is not totally action packed and yes it moves along a slower pace but that realism is actually enjoyable to me rather than seeing constant gun battles for no reason or very stupid fight scenes like the crazy 88 's in Kill Bill as another reviewer mentioned .
 I would like to get a list of the music/soundtrack that was used for this movie . The movie was excellent . For those out there that have seen this movie it reminds me of the Lone Wolf and Cub series of movies put out in the seventies . The music that was chosen for this movie was great and I would like to know the songs and the artis of these tracks . All of the actors in this movie were superb . I would like to see them together again in another project . Everyone keep up the good work .
 Excelent tribute to the original series known as Battle of the Planets . Beats the heck out of te rehashes that we keep seeing on television . beautiful production values .
 In watching these three videos , I was once again snared back into being a fan of Gatchaman again . I was introduced to this series as Battle of the Planets when I was a kid . I loved the new looks of the characters except for Ken . He should have had a different look . I ca n't imagine he and Joe hanging out together off duty . Joe , on the other hand , looks good . I felt he was improved from the original.Even though I enjoyed this series , I feel that they could have maybe added on two or three volumes more to tell a better story . Even though it was enjoyable , the story felt rushed . You did n't have time to know the characters too well . There was depth with Ken and Joe in the original that was brushed over in the new OAVs.I still recommend this to anyone who has n't seen it . You 'll watch it over and over again until you 're dizzy ! ; -RRB-
 If you remember Battle of the Planets or G-Force -LRB- or Eagle Riders -RRB- then this is a must-have . All three of those cartoons were American versions of the 1972 Japanese series Kagaku Ninjatai Gatchaman -LRB- Science Ninja Team Gatchaman -RRB- . The original producers remade the 1972 series in 1994 , updating it for a more modern audience . Characterization suffers a bit because of the way the 105-episode series is condensed into three 40-minute episodes , but the production was otherwise excellent.The updated machine designs are incredible , the team is outfitted with new and sometimes bizarre weapons , and their flying/fighting scenes are astonishing . The animation is breathtaking . My only complaint was that there were only three episodes.This is the only commercially available piece of Gatchaman/G-Force merchandise in the United States . I 've watched my copy several times and shared it with several of my friends .
 Gatchaman is the latest incarnation of what most people knew as G-Force . The characters are nearly identical to their 70 's G-Force counterparts with a 90 's look . The macha designs are excellent , the action is fast paced . The only problem is that the American voice actors did n't do justice to what was happening on the screen . I 've only viewed volume 1 , but so far it looks to be a great trip !
 Condor Joe is the most human and endearing character of the show . He reminds me of Clint Eastwood in `` The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly '' . Just one tough son of a bitch .
 The Gatchaman OAVs are a spectacularly reanimated albeit highly-condensed remake of Gatchaman -LRB- 1972 , Tsatsunoko -RRB- . The first installment serves very well to set up the political background to the series and introduce us to the main characters.Overall , I found it very interesting to watch -LRB- you will definitely want to get the entire set -RRB- . I would have given it 5 stars except that I 'm not fond of fan-service , of which there is a little too much .
 Of course Condor Joe rules !! He always was no 1 . . Very cool . . Thats what we like . .
 -LRB- Spoilers ahead -RRB- I was just so overjoyed that someone spent some time to make a film based on `` the Beau '' that was not some cinematic concoction!The film gives the major elements of Beau Brummell 's life
 Who knew that Beau Brummell was the tabloid celebrity of his day . James Purefoy is just amazing as Beau - the man that changed the way men dressed . Matthew Rhys from Brothers & Sisters has a small but great role as Lord Byron.The music is very catchy and I just had fun with this story .
 Quite entertaining story of how dandyism came to be . Beau Brummel changed men 's fashion from the foppish style of wearing wigs , makeup , and overdecorated clothes to the more sedate , manly style that we love in Regency movies . The story is not that deep but it does have some moral lessons like the price of extravagance and valuing loyalty and friendship . James Purefoy is perfect for the role Beau Brummel . What became of Beau Brummel was quite common during his time when men were addicted to gambling and excessive spending . He quit England to escape debtor 's prison but at least he left a legacy of tasteful fashion that still evident today .
 The movie is beautifully done -- costumes , settings , cinematography . The story is about a friend of the Prince Regent who radically changes how men dress . It is also about a compulsive gambler and debtor . He risks the friendship of the Crown Prince for the pleasures of Byron .
 `` Beau Brummell
 You ca n't read other 's reviews if there ARE N'T ANY ! Amazon did not even have this movie yet so I had to purchase it from Amazon.com.uk ! So the `` voting buttons '' are missing . How snitty amazon can be ! Period dramas are my favorite type of movie . James Purefoy -LRB- Rome , Vanity Fair , Mayor of Casterbridge , The Tenant of Wildfell Hall , Mansfield Park -RRB- is one of my favorite actors , so this movie was destined to be a favorite ! Historically it is of great value . Just think , if it were n't for Beau Brummel , our men might still wear ruffles . The most excellent supporting cast includes Hugh Bonneville -LRB- also of Mansfield Park -RRB- and Matthew Rhys . My only complaint is that this movie is too short . I am sure this story deserves more than it 's length of only 79 minutes and someone should be `` horse whipped '' or at least ashamed of the stunted state of this production . Now , if we might only be able to purchase `` Blackbeard '' starring James Purefoy , on DVD as well ! One may only hope ! UPDATE
 As I write , this movie is available on Amazon Streaming , free for Prime Members . I enjoy period dramas and also like historical tidbits . After viewing the movie , which is very well done although it does , as some reviewers infer , concentrate on Brummel 's personal failings as well as his fall from royal grace , I can not help but wonder at the insinuation that the friendship with Lord Byron truly did Brummel in . James Purefoy seemed extremely well suited to the role of Brummel and brought a lot of character not just to Brummel 's seductive nature but his weakness as well . My one problem is with the actor chosen for Lord Byron . Lord Byron was far more handsome , more dazzling , more magnetic than the actor who portrays him here , alas . The result is that the viewer tends to tense up , wishing Brummel not fall for a person who is clearly not played well . The message is not effective due to the casting mistake . On the other hand , the butler/cook/better half to Brummel is nobly rendered by Philip Davis , a marvelous actor . Hugh Bonneville is of course a most adept player .
 A superb period drama from the book written by the excellent Ian Kelly . This film throws new light onto an age of elegance and decadence , and the rags to riches to rags story of one of the great characters of the Regency . In another book , Ian Kelly has portrayed the life of that iconic chef Antonin Careme , the father of haute cuisine , with great care and feeling for his subject , going to the extreme lengths of perfecting many of the original recipes in his own home . ` Cooking for Kings
 If you are a James Purefoy fan , this movie is a must . Very entertaining . James is absolutely adorable in this , his acting and his presence .
 I must say , all of these episodes are superb , and between each one is a 5 minute cartoon from back when the Simpson 's was on the Tracy Allman show . This is a must have for the Simpsons fan , although I found it at Wallmart on sale , for way less than 20 bucks , but they only had one , and I 've never seen this since , so look around but remember that Amazon does have the best selections . In my opinion , all of these are classics , so get it .
 For these reviews , I like to know what I 'm getting . Here are the episodes - Simpsons Haloween Special , Bart Gets An F , Two Cars in Every Garage and Three Eyes on Every Fish , Bart VS. Thanksgiving , Bart the Daredevil , and my personal favorite , Marge VS. Itchy and Scratchy . If I were you , I 'd go for Wave three . But these are also wonderfully `` delicious '' episodes .
 I purchased this set specifically for the Edgar Allen Poe 's , `` The Raven , '' spoof , but the entire set is a great addition to any Simpsons ' Fan video library . I recommend highly !
 This is indeed a fabulous collection of the earlier Simpsons episodes , most of which feature Bart misbehaving -LRB- such as `` Bart vs. Thanksgiving '' and `` Bart Gets an F '' -RRB- . After Bart ruins Thanksgiving for his family , he impulsively runs away and ends up in a homeless shelter . In `` Bart Gets an F , '' it is critical for Bart to pass his history test in order to be promoted to the fifth grade . A Halloween special is also included , along with the political episode where Mr. Burns gets involved in an electoral campaign . Watching these episodes is a true delight for any fan .
 How are some reviewers saying these epidoses ai n't as clever and funny as the later time ? please these epidoses are great and for every Simpsons fan , including me . The Edgar Allan Poe `` Raven '' skid was great , but my personal favorite is Bart the Daredevil , `` I 'm the king of the world ! ... '' says Homer after a hilarous mishap occurs , my favorite simpsons moment of all time , do n't listen to anyone else , these epidose are brillant !
 This collection is absolutely hilarious and more than a must for any Simpsons-enthusiast . It contains Bart the Daredevil - Itchy , Scratchy and Marge - Two cars in every garage and 3 eyes on every fish -LSB- Blinky -RSB- - Bart vs. Thanksgiving - Tree House of Horror - Bart gets an F. Bart sez
 MMMMMMM ... SIMPSONS -LRB- like homer would say
 This is a beautiful Blu-ray disc . Photographer Bob Glusic captures stunning time-lapse photography of exceptional picture quality . The scenes are gorgeous , the colors are fantastic . We see changing sunrises and sunsets over magnificent vistas , waterfalls and cascading streams , birds , clouds and stars , waves and beaches , and flowering meadows . Audio choices include narration , just music , or ambient nature sounds . This is a wonderful film that one can not tire of looking at .
 If you have played the games then you know the basic story of this anime.Compared to the Video Games of the same titles the story seems trimmed down and quit a few things changed.However as a anime this story is done rather well , the animation seems choppy in some places but it is done rather well as well.The story moves quickly due to it only being 12 30 min . episodes but you will enjoy it over and over again.This is a great Sci-fi anime with alot of action.If you like sci-fi action then this one is for you ...
 I went into this expecting a fairly decent series , and I got my wish , basically this is a retelling of Xenosaga Episode 1 following some of the plot and ending the same way as the first game , with some differences , like a certain side character surviving the Gnosis attack on the Woglinde , and the way several characters are already on the Elsa.Keeping with the tone of the games , this is a fairly fun Scifi series with some drama added in , the animation is good , the music too.I love how they made this series fresh to players of the games , even the final scene , but at the same time keeping the final climax from the games story in tact.I fully recommend this series , although it has a new dub cast , it 's really well done , and with it being 12 episodes long , could work if you want to marathon it.I realise it may not be for everyone , but for the price on Amazon , it really is worth picking up and watching .
 If you 've played the games , then you are familiar with the story . The anime is about as good a representation as you can hope for . The story in the game is pretty complex , and the anime stays pretty true to it . There is a lot of stuff to cover and it is hard to do it in 13 episodes . We do get a little information about Shion 's past , and the whole thing with Jr. and Albedo . So the animation explains the basics . I think it should have been longer though . All in all I really like this series . The animation in and voice actors are all good . The soundtrack is good too . The quality of the game is definitely not lost in this animation . Like I said before they should have made it longer , it 's an unfinished piece of work . It could have an epic feel like the game did if they made another season . Even as it stands , Xenosaga is a good anime that is worth watching .
 Seeing the series sold separately into different DVD boxes , and even the complete series was pretty expensive for my tastes . Especially when considering the shipping , I wanted to pay less . I am glad that I got my chance . I am a big fan of the games , and and I did not want to spend too much on something that I had already played through many times . At least the story is slightly skewed to make things interesting . I am more satisfied that I waited to get this instead of impatiently purchasing the series more much more earlier .
 Xenosaga is difficult to review because it has two disparate interest groups
 This is a very well done dramatization of the game ... not that the series only encompasses the first of the three games , however it does so faithfully ... they even manage to get in most of even the most unbelievable special attacks in a fun scene ... I highly recommend this set for fans and newbies alike ...
 The series is good , but it seems like it would have been better at 24 episodes since it 's pretty dense and does n't cover everything in the game.Note that this only covers the first game in the series.It 's good to have along side the game to help follow along with the extremely dense plot in the game .
 If your a fan of the games you will enjoy the anime watching the familiar characters I like the dubbing I am a dubb person I perfer it , so its rare I ever complaint about it . Good series having played the games you will enjoy it more . Art style is diffrent its a good different nice change . For the price I paid 13 bucks its worth it
 First off I 'm a huge fan of the video game series . In all the rpg games ive played in my life XENOSAGA is on the list of my favorite games an epic storyline amazing characters beautiful music its a dream . When I heard they made an animation I was skeptical but once i saw all 12 episodes I was very happy . The anime follows the game very well unlike most animes ive seen based off video games . Even the ending is intact . Some minor difference but nothing severe . The last anime ive seen based off a game was Star Ocean EX though I liked that series also I was dissapointed in the cheesy action scenes , Xenosaga makes up for that thankfully . To really apreciate this show you would have to be a fan of the series -LRB- which I am -RRB- other than that its a good series the voice acting is incredible and the emotion they put in it is authentic the only thing i wasnt crazy about was the opening sequence but no big deal . If your a fan of the series or just interested in a new series then this is your show hope you enjoy = -RRB-
 I enjoyed this Anime collection very much . You can find other reviews that will tell you all you could want to know about the story and content . So in summation it was amusing and enjoyable .
 I 'd rather watch the games sequences in order from the first game , this is just the same with anime drawing style instead . The game was prettier . If you ca n't play a long game like
 Not a lot of amazing less known bands get to put out a DVD , but Braid 's Killing A Camera is top notch . It is one of those music docs that makes you aspire to the top of music , if you 're a musician as I am . I never got to see Braid , but this DVD documents their story and their last 5 shows in Champaign , Milwaukee and Chicago . The Metro is a famous club , and Jeff Buckley recorded his DVD live in Chicago there . I saw Our Lady Peace in their prime during the `` Spiritual Machines '' tour when Mike Turner was sill in the band . Anyways , if you like rock and solid emo/alternaive rock , then you should fall in love with Braid . This gives a great glimpse into their world , and it gives you a TON of live concert footage . It also includes a 2004 documentary about where their lives have gone 5 years after the break up . Braid was a rock pioneer , and this is a great tribute to their legacy that still inspires today .
 This Dvd is amazing . Braid is rock at its finest . If you get a chance you must see them on their reunion tour . The extras are hands down the best on any live dvd I have seen . This knocked the Impossibles Never Say Goodbye Dvd out of my player finally .
 Addio Zio Tom
 This topic has been ignored and should be part of the full understanding of the era .
 Too bad this never came out on dvd . It is a great workout , and proves you do n't need fancy equipment or weights to achieve a firmer you . Always wondered what happened to Stacy , Javier , and Becky : -RRB-
 I bought this around 1990 , got rid of it when clearing out VHS and recently purchased it on VHS again . It is a bit dated but it is one of my favorite workouts . It is about 40 minutes and has a brief standing toning session -LRB- plies , stationary lunges -RRB- and a fantastic floor leg/glute -LRB- lots of leg raises and lifts -RRB- and ab section . No matter how many times I did this , I always felt the burn in my legs and abs .
 I wanted my Sunday School children to know the TRUE meaning of Christmas , so when teaching children ; what would work better than a movie .
 What a wonderful christmas that everyone should watch around the christmas season Make a bowl of popcorn and enjoy as afamily
 This movie is perfect for bringing the real spirit of Christmas in your home . Great music , fun retelling of the Nativity story .
 Gracias a esta nueva tecnolog&iacute;a -LRB- DVD -RRB- podemos tener en nuestras manos , pr&aacute;cticamente para siempre , aquellos programas que nos hicieron re&iacute;r tanto de peque & ntilde ; os . Recomiendo esta edici&oacute;n de `` La Fiesta '' en especial por el cap&iacute;tulo `` El Chavo zapatero , Don Ram&oacute;n peluquero '' que no hab&iacute;a sido editado en versiones anteriores y que es uno de los episodios cl&aacute;sicos de esta serie tan querida y tan de moda despu&eacute;s de m&aacute;s de 30 a & ntilde ; os . Sin duda es un gusto contar como parte de la colecci&oacute;n de cada uno de nosotros este nuevo volumen que nos hace re&iacute;r por medio de comedia `` blanca '' , en donde se demuestra que para re&iacute;r no se necesita hablar de sexo en af&aacute;n agresivo , ofensas hacia grupos espec&iacute;ficos , etc.Sin duda Roberto Gomez Bola & ntilde ; os puede considerarse a s&iacute; mismo eterno , pues nunca morir&aacute; en nuestros corazones con estos personajes que estuvieron con nosotros desde que usabamos pa & ntilde ; ales.Capitulos
 I purchased the Donna-Mite exercise video and enjoyed it very much . Donna Richardson seems genuinely upbeat and fun-loving -LRB- unlike the sometimes `` canned '' look of Jane Fonda -RRB- . The music was energetic Motown which is great to dance to . The only negative I saw was in the complexity of dance steps and the frequency of upper body camera angles . It was difficult at times to get the hang of the foot moves because the cameras moved off the dancer 's feet and legs and focused onto arms and faces . It was n't like the camera crew was trying to give the male audience a good look at the dancers ' bust lines -- it was just poor planning I thought . Other than that I 'm sure I 'll figure out the moves in time . There are no after workout crunches , push-ups , etc. . You have to do that yourself .
 If you like Motown and you love to dance , this is for you . The first time I did it for the first time this morning and it was so much fun I could n't believe it . I had a little trouble learning the routines , which is par for the course for me because I 'm kind of klutzy . However , I just kept moving and I know that after I 've done it a few times I 'll get it down . Donna is a very upbeat and encouraging instructor . If you do n't like `` dancey '' aerobics , or hate Motown , this is n't for you . Otherwise it 's the best workout I 've ever done , and I highly recommend it .
 I have several workout tapes , but this one is my favorite ! The music is wall-to-wall Motown and Donna gets you dancing from the start . She is a fabulous instructor whose enthusiasm will keep you smiling , and I love that she has a variety of different sized exercisers in her class.Don ' t be discouraged if it takes time to get all the moves down , some of the routines are challenging . But you will burn fat and have fun , which is the point of exercise anyway . : -RRB-
 I checked this video out of my local library so much I 'm sure the tape will give out soon . It 's so much fun that even though I intended to work out for 10 minutes the night I brought it home , I ended up doing the entire 53-minute workout . Richardson is charming and her choreography would move the dead . And I love the Motown songs this video is set to . If ever there was such a thing as having fun working out , this is the closest I have ever come . I 'm buying the tape now because I 'm sick of having to surrender it to the library . I 'm a big Denise Austin fan . I learned classic moves from her and how to zero in on probelm areas . She has the best upper body strengthing exercises around . But when you 've mastered the classics and you 're ready for a good time , Donna 's tape is the one .
 I give this five stars because when I first used the tape , even though it was challenging to learn the moves at first -LRB- but got it after the 2nd or 3rd time -RRB- , I was having so much fun I found myself surpised when she said they were going to do a cooldown and I had actually sweated -LRB- wearing a sweat shirt -RRB- ! This is intermediate because she moves fast even though it 's low impact . I consider this to be at a steady and consistent space not an up and down -LRB- interval -RRB- heart rate like in the Firm -LRB- which I love -RRB- . It 's a great non-impact , `` no equipment needed '' and fun workout to do on non-strenous days or in conjunction with strength training ! You 'll learn some great dance steps in the process too !
 I had so much fun working out to this video , when it was over I wanted to do it again . The routines are challenging , but it just makes it more fun to do . If you love to dance , you will love this video .
 I 've done the video twice now and I can actually say I 've enjoyed getting back to aerobics -LRB- had a baby and no time for the gym now ! -RRB- . The music is really fun -LRB- though different than I expected -RRB- and Donna 's attitude just keeps you going.I felt a little spastic with some of the moves -LRB- been away from the gym WAAAY to long -RRB- but after the second run through I think I 'll be moving right along on the next workout . Maybe it was just me but the queing could be a little better - - experienced aerobics folks should n't have any problems though.I 'm looking forward to my next workout , how often can you say that ! I 'd say this is a great beginner or intermediate workout that easy to adjust to your ability .
 I truly enjoy this tape and I began to feel the benefits almost immediately . I 'm motivated to exercise because she makes it fun . The steps are challenging but it is extremely rewarding when you get the routines down .
 I have done this video religiously for about 3 years now . Donna and the whole group are fun and easy to follow . I have a few other exercise videos but this is truly my favorite . A special bonus ; my four year old loves to follow along , this makes exercising when we 're at home alone a lot easier .
 If you like dancy floor aerobics , this workout is for you ! Donna Richardson is the best ! Her cueing is right on the money . The routines are easy to catch on to , but are tons of fun ! Donna 's enthusiasm is contagious ! And before you know it , you 've rock-n-rolled to a great workout ! END
 I 've had this tape for years , and though it 's a little too easy for me when I 'm in shape , it 's great when I 'm re-starting after too much time off or when I just want to do something fun . I have two left feet , but the choreography is n't very difficult for me , and I like that one of the participants is doing a low-impact version for the entire workout . My favorite thing about this workout is the Motown music - it so hard to find an exercise workout with non-hiphop or non-salsa/Latin music , and I love Motown so the music is motivating for me.I do hope it will come out on DVD at some point , as I will certainly buy another copy !
 I love this workout video ; I have had it for many years and still do it from time to time . I do n't think it 's overly complicated , although it is `` aerobics '' so no , you will not be able to just mindlessly perform the moves without thinking at all . If you are looking for that , you might want to try an athletic workout video . As long as you can march or clap to music , you should be fine . The music and moves are so much fun , and Donna has a great , motivating personality . FUN !
 Love the motown music . The tape was new . Got my heart rate elevated to my target zone . Low-cost shipping and handling . Delivered in 2 business days . Awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is one of the most fun aerobic exercise tapes made . It 's geared mainly toward intermediate-level exercisers , but beginners and more advanced aerobicisers will enjoy it also . Donna uses hit songs from the 60 's , songs with a great dance beat , and they really make you want to move . The routines can be done low-impact or higher-impact , making it ideal for many people . Highly recommended !
 This is a great tape for anyone looking for a low-impact all aerobic workout . All the routines are done to the inspiring oldies but goodies music . It took me 4 - 5 times to get all the routines down . In typical Donna style , she is always inspiring and upbeat . She obviously enjoys what she does and it shows.This tape should be part of your basic collection .
 I had this VHS tape years ago but no longer own it . I 'm looking for the DVD version of it because it is one of the most enjoyable work-outs tapes I 've ever done ... and I 've done a lot of them .
 I have been using fitness videos to work out for almost 25 years . Of all the workouts I 've done , this is hands down the MOST FUN . I like Donna Richardson and love Motown music , so this is a great combination for me . I get to the end of the workout , and hardly realized that I was even working out . I hope this workout gets put on DVD someday because soon I will wear out my old VHS tape .
 This is a great intermediate video . It 's one of my favorites . It 's set to Motown music and it 's very fun . The moves are dancy but Donna has great cueing and after a couple of times you get it down . I do n't like videos that are easy the first couple of times through because I get bored to fast . I recommend this video to anyone who enjoys dancy aerobics . IT 'S FUN !
 I own a dozen workout videos , but this is the one I keep coming back to . The music is stuff you 'd want to dance to even if you were n't exercising ; she 's friendly and non-intimidating , but you still get an intense workout . I just wish she 'd made some more aerobics tapes , because soon my copy of this videotape is going to fall to pieces , I use it so often .
 The most fun I have ever had doing an aerobics video . It is just challenging enough to give you a sense of accomplishment . But , it is not so complicated that it is frustrating . I have a vast collection of work-out videos . I wish that I could have Donna Richardson 's address so that I can congratulate her on a this great video .
 I have done this video religiously for about 3 years now . Donna and the whole group are fun and easy to follow . I have a few other exercise videos but this is truly my favorite . A special bonus ; my four year old loves to follow along , this makes exercising when we 're at home alone a lot easier .
 I must admit that I could n't stop smiling during this video . The choreography is somewhat challenging . But I enjoy learning routines . You watch exercise videos so many times , I prefer them to be a little difficult to master.If you do n't like 60 's Motown , do n't bother . Otherwise , It 's a lot of fun , and a great workout . You 're so busy with the `` dance '' steps , the time goes by quickly .
 What I really love about this video is the music -- it 's Motown oldies and not a synthesized bland track , like most of the other exercise tapes . It is a little challenging to learn SOME of the moves , but you can reverse and try again ! Also consider that you will have this tape a long time and you can keep practicing . Or just move to the music your own way , until the next song.You do n't need any weights , steps , or benches , but you do need a fair bit of space -LRB- maybe 8 ' by 10 ' -RRB- to do this .
 Totally fun and captivating with creativty for children 3-13 plus lots of stuff for older brothers/sisters as well as Mon/Dad or any extended family member to partake in . Great pace for ALL . Perfect music and voice and a nice outdoor background lending itself to an uplifting and yet mellow mood.Everyone will be inspired to increase their mental/emotional calmness , physical coordination , flexibility as well as focus of mind alone and with friends/family .
 Perfect for any child , anytime -- even good for funloving adults ! I am a school teacher and have studied learning so I can say with confidence and intellect that this video was made to meet the needs of most kids.I speak from my heart when I say it will inspire and channel energy in a healthy and positive way . It is a shame public schools are not using this wonderful video on a regular basis.There is a balance of structured exercises -LRB- ie . the Sun Salutations -RRB- that are guided step by step plus scenes of more flowing and playful things to try . There are some simple things to practice like seated twists as well as more spectacular poses like inversions & backbends to work on and master . Personally I can see this type of workout really good for ADAH/ADD people of all ages.I rank this presentation more authentic and appealing to more age groups over the yogakids workout video I baught before made with someone else who was also very good but not as great as this one.This video is the best I 've ever seen in most yoga and kids videos to date .
 Possibly the first DVD to explore the history of tea and the nuances of tea preparation , Mr. Yu 's film is an elegant primer on fine teas . It elaborates on the distinctions between the various types of tea , such as white , green , oolong and black , and clarifies the cultural factors which have made tea the world 's most popular beverage . The history of tea is discussed at length in an interview with James Norwood Pratt , tea connoisseur and author of the New Tea Lover 's Treasury . Also featured is Winnie Yu , tea buyer and co-owner of Teance Fine Teas in Albany , California . An extensive instructional section showcases the traditional Chinese methods of tea-making , and was filmed on location with Winnie in Teance 's beautiful tearoom.The DVD also features interviews with tea growers and masters in China and Taiwan and rarely seen footage of tea processing in China 's historic tea-growing regions , such as Huangshan and Anxi . This process , which is essential to tea production , is seldom seen by those other than the growers themselves . Chinese art by renowned master Chitfu Yu and music by Wang Guowei add to the DVD 's many delights . A must-see for the serious tea connoisseur , or anyone interested in fine teas !
 If the only kind of tea you 've had is the one in teabags , this wonderfully made documentary will open your eyes to a whole another world of teas . The art and tradition of making Chinese and Taiwanese teas is superbly depicted in this captivating documentary , including the detailed process of preparing , making , and serving tea . Most of all , the arrangement of music and wonderful art throughout the documentary makes watching this DVD a truly exquisite experience .
 This dvd was great , not only does this film capture the history of tea making , but it also shows us how to make a great cup of tea today , whether it be white tea or oolong tea . It shows us the ease of making these different teas at home . The art of master Chit Fu Yu is is also a great bonus . His great paintings work very well with this dvd .
 Covers the history of the tea in old cultures with new technique and perception . Not only Director Yu presents his keen observation in human philosophy in making tea , but to depict the story in an attactive way to lead people to travel in the Renaissance period of Tea . -- by Rochelle Y.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this informative , beautifully photographed video . Tips and techniques for brewing and serving many types of teas were only the beginning . Excellent narration and interviews make this DVD a must for any tea-lover 's collection .
 The strengths of this production lie in the detailed instructions for the preparation of various types of tea , mainly Chinese , and the bits and pieces of tea lore imparted in the interviews -LRB- although individuals familiar with the world of tea are n't going to learn much new from them -- but it does bill itself as an `` introduction '' so no surprise there -RRB- . The videography is artful and the selection of tea vessels used during the preparation of the various teas is a visual delight . My only real complaint is that the amount of footage of the processing is much less than I expected from reading the promotional blurb . Personally I would have liked to have more material on the processing .
 This is one of the most informative DVD 's on tea , and how to prepare tea around today I highly recommend it . Benedic Chin
 The video offers two choices when viewing the practices
 I 'm so confused by the negative feedback i 'm reading about this DVD . This program , in my opinion , is informative , soulful , well instructed , and intelligently sequenced . Seane offers a lot of information about dietary and planetary awareness , but if you 're not into it , then use the audio track where she just gives the cues ! Clearly she was aware that all that information might get redundant after a few listens , so she offers an alternative . What I really found inspiring and unique was the information about emotional toxins , like rage , unresolved grief , etc. and the impact these repressed feelings can have on our health as well . Overall , I found that this DVD not only gave me practical insight , but it was emotional and inspiring too . That 's a difficult feat in an hour long program . As far as her voice goes , which seems to be the main complaint , I found it `` real '' . It was not that put upon , breathy , pseudo-spiritual tone I often hear in DVD 's . It just sounded like she was talking to me , and clearly from her heart . I highly recommend this DVD .
 I started doing the 35 minute routine at the same time I started a cleanse , so I ca n't give all the credit to the DVD , but this DVD was part of a huge transformation for me . I have tried to vary my yoga routines , but I always come back to this one because it is just so good . It has the perfect amount of standing poses , stretching , etc. . It 's not so long that it 's too daunting to start . I do it every morning before work and find it makes a huge difference in my overall attitude throughout the day . I am more flexible in every sense of the word . I am kinder to others , and to myself . I think Seane Corn is one of the best yoga instructors out there , I can not recommend this DVD highly enough !
 I finally found a Yoga video for actual Beginners -LRB- which is why I 'm giving it a 4 ! I would have given it a 5 but maybe this will give the people at GAIAM something to work towards after reading reviewers feedback -RRB- . My favorite was an old Jane Fonda VHS that I ca n't find on DVD -LRB- what a shame ! -RRB- . I 've bought countless `` beginner '' Yoga DVDs that are n't quite for Beginners . While I agree that the production quality is poor for such a well known company -LRB- she 's in a beautiful place but she 's laying on plywood that 's placed on a platform with a wrinkled cloth over it , her voice is a bit grating and I could do without the lecture about our environment EVERY TIME I POP IN THE DVD ! -RRB- , I 'm not so much focused on that as the movements . My biggest gripe with ALL workout videos is that I wonder if they realize that consumers will be watching them more than once . Thus hearing , in this case , about the toxins in our environment etc over and over again actually becomes annoying and disruptive and my peaceful relaxation and stress release turns to frustration and annoyance . Since I enjoy the workout , and being a problem solver , I play music from Buddha Bar 6 and mute her ! Much nicer ! Again , I 'm basing my review on the Yoga , not on the production quality . So if you 're looking for a good stress release , stretching and flexibility Yoga DVD buy this ! But also download some music from Buddha Bar 6 so you can have a nice peaceful and enjoyable time doing it ! :-RRB- Namaste .
 Seane Core is trying to teach the spirit of yoga in this DVD . I like it when we can do yoga in an ancient way . Yoga is not just a system of physical practice . It also helps you to connect to your inner self , peace , beauty and joy . Breathing and mind teaching is very necessary , it helps you to concentrate in your practice , so do n't think she talks too much.I can feel Seane Core a devoted long time yoga practitioner and is eager to share her wisdom with us in this DVD .
 Sean Corn is pretty corny , seriously.Now , that being said , I LOVE the routines . I really do . But I also will be muting her as soon as I learn the routines a little better . There is a full audio option as well as an option for just audio instructions , but even in that one she manages to start off and end with the sort of `` we are all one '' nonsense that makes me slightly crazy . See background information at end of review because you may need to completely discredit my opinion on this aspect depending on your personal preferences -LRB- i.e. I am not doing yoga for spiritual reasons per se -RRB- . Okay , for the positive aspects . The pace and variety is great . I love her vinyasas . I feel like I get a really good , balanced workout and I do n't have any trouble keeping up with her and yet still find the routines challenging . I would recommend adding this DVD to your collection if you can put up with her talking a little too much.A little background
 I bought this dvd because my favorite yoga teacher recommended it for practicing at home . After I read some of the other reviews I was a little concerned before I ordered it but what a pleasant surprise ! I totally love it ! I love the moves especially the 65 minute Purify program . It makes me feel so good and centered at the end of the practice . I also enjoy her explaining the benefits of each move and encouraging me to follow a more conscious and healthy lifestyle . It is good to be reminded of the right things to do.I would encourage others to give it a try !
 This is one of favorite yoga practices ! The moves are both relaxing and challenging . I feel awesome after completing the 2nd practice -LRB- 65 min -RRB- on this DVD . Totally recommend !
 The DVD has two practices , which are both vinyasa flow :1 -RRB- Twist and Flow - 35 minutesFor advanced beginner . Modified sun salutations , less emphasis on chaturanga dandasana . More focus on seated twists .2 -RRB- Purify - 65 minutesFor intermediate . Lots of sun salutations and a nice variety of poses . More standing twists and standing balance poses.If my memory is serving me accurately , there are no advanced poses on this DVDs . There are no arm balances , and the closest to an inversion is bridge pose . However , both of these sequences will get your heart rate up , and you will find that there is a great variety.I would not recommend this DVD to someone who is just starting out , but if you have a couple of months under your belt , you will follow along fine . However , if you already have couple of DVDs and want a nice vinyasa flow , this is a great one.Some people complain that her voice is annoying . I can understand that , but what she is saying is meaningful , and Seane gives really spot on guidance . You will have an easy time following along , which you ca n't say for most vinyasa focused DVD . Honestly I could care less what she is saying as long as she is instructing what is happening .
 It is so refreshing to do a workout and feel better about yourself , to feel longer , and to know it has multiple benefits.I recommend this to anyone who wants to elongate and learn more about yoga practice .
 This is a great DVD , I love the sequence , Seanes instructions , After practicing this I feel calm and more at home with myself .
 This is a great action comedy starring David Hasselhoff and the beautiful voluptuous Linda Blair.It 's a must see !!!!!!!
 Attention FEAST fans ! Allow me to clear up any confusion that you might have about this collection . If you do n't know by now , this box set has false advertising on the front package . The only `` unrated '' version here is the original FEAST and nothing else . Both of it 's sequels are the R rated versions , despite the front of the package claims otherwise . I would imagine that most of these sets are exactly the same , no matter what store you buy them from . To say that I feel ripped off is the understatement of the year ! Finding the FEAST II and FEAST III `` unrated '' versions is simple enough -LRB- just buy them individually here on Amazon -RRB- but they 're relatively hard to come buy in local stores . When I bought this box set , I thought that I had just stumbled across a nice little find here . Three `` unrated '' FEAST movies for a decent price . Boy , was I ever wrong!When the original FEAST movie came out , I made a review for it here on Amazon right away . I thought it was an amazing film . After a while , I decided to deleted that review in hopes that one day a box set of all the FEAST movies would come out . That way , I could give a proper review for each film released . Well , I guess I can do that now more or less with this set.Putting my problems with the false advertising aside , I still think this is a pretty good collection considering the low price . Normally , I try to pursue the `` unrated '' versions of any movie that I want as a part of my ever growing film collection . Yet with the FEAST movies , it seems that the `` unrated '' sequels are n't as easy to come by like most Horror DVD 's these days . I already made the mistake of buying the R rated version of SLOPPY SECONDS when it first came out . I sold that copy right off the bat -LRB- for a number or reasons , mainly because it was n't `` unrated '' -RRB- , only to make the same mistake yet again a few years later with this box set ! Well , I 'm giving up ! I just added this set into my collection because it 's good enough . Alow me to explain why.Let me start off by saying this . The original FEAST movie is the best out of the three , and it 's the only one I would actually recommend to anyone . When I first saw the film FEAST , I was blown away by how well it was executed for a `` direct to DVD '' release ! It 's a great Horror movie over all and I think it 's one of the best from the 2000 's era . The second two films are n't anywhere near as good , but they do have their own charm and moments of appeal . Here 's the break down of the FEAST trilogy.FEASTThe basic premise of this movie is a simple one to understand . Monsters come out of nowhere in the middle of the desert and attack a group of people in a sleazy bar . End of story . With a movie like this , you do n't need anymore story than that . What makes this film work so well is the wicked sense of humor , insane amounts of gore and great acting from everyone on set ! We even get an unexpected appearance of Henry Rollins and Jason Mewes from the JAY AND SILENT BOB movies . Also , the movie has that classic NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD vibe , in terms of people being forced into a bad situation , all under one roof . Add that on top of some amazing cinematography and a truly inspired film script , and what you have here is a strong Horror movie from the 2000 's era ! Without a doubt , this one is the best out of the entire series.FEAST 2
 Well it 's all 3 Feast movies , it works , and there are 3 discs . The first movie was awesome , the second one was alright , and the third was n't as bad as it could 've been . Not so many special features for the second and third movies though
 love all three movies , crazy ass s *** i say monster blood gore its all aboot that time , pop open a pop and grab some popcorn and sit back and enjoy .
 Do n't watch this with your children . I do , however , think it 's the best trilogy since Star Wars . Maybe even better .
 My son loves these kinds of movies . He says it is awesome and said , If you love gore you will love these movies .
 Glad to be able to add it to my collection !!! Now I can show it to my kids someday in the future !!!
 i read a few articles about it not being as advertised i cant speak for those rtards but all 3 were the unrated version very cheap its a good thing ! 3 dvds one box and tim tebow sucks !
 I am not sure what everyone is talking about , when they say they are not unrated ? I ordered my 3 pack of unrated Feast dvds and that is exactly what came in my mailbox . Fantastic movies , all of them ! Very comical , gory and action packed ! I am very pleased with mine . Sorry to hear about other peoples issues .
 Love these movies ! The dvds are in excellent condition and were shipped quickly . You must listen to the directors commentary -- it 's awesome . They break through the barriers of typical blood and guts . We love the 2nd dvd the best -- Feast II-Sloppy Seconds !
 no one who cares about opera should miss the chance to see and hear mario del monaco and tito gobbi together `` live '' as otello and iago , roles in which they were unsurpassed in their time.it 's true that this dvd 's audio and video quality do n't match modern standards , but for a 1959 tv broadcast they 're perfectly fine , and the theatricality of the stars will sweep you away . del monaco and gabriella tucci as desdemona sing a ravishing `` gia nella notte densa '' that will surprise anyone who has dismissed del monaco as relentlessly loud.necessary caveats
 Having heard Marilyn Horne perform on three occasions between 1974 and 2001 , I can highly recommend the DVD `` Marilyn HorneSings Famous Arias '' which features a concert with orchestrafrom 1986 conducted by Miss Horne 's long-time accompanist andcapable conductor , Martin Katz . Horne sails thru Gluck , Meyerbeer , Saint-Saens , Rossini and Bizet arias with her usualflawless bel canto technique , coloratura , phrasing and consumate artistry . This is indeed a wonderful event for students of singing to study and learn many lessons from . The film is of good quality and sound and the dramatic coloratura mezzo-soprano clearly demonstrates why she is often called one of the greatest American singers of all time . There is no filmed interview with the singer and her conductor . I 'd personally have enjoyed seeing Miss Horne and Mr. Katz comment on this film on the music . Miss Horne is as delightful in her interviews as she is in performance . This is a no-frills DVD.You get the concert . Period ! The DVD does n't allow for isolating each individual selection , either , however it is still a MOST worthwhile addition to your musical library ! New young singers have told me that they can get an idea of how it must have been to see Marilyn Horne in concert . This veteran enjoys being reminded and the DVD will get MUCH viewing by my students , colleagues and fellow music lovers .
 As a first time skier at age 50 , I found this very helpful and encouraging . I got to see what I am supposed to look like before I ever got on the bunny slope and had the distractions of 3 and 4 year olds who are fearless ! And being able to see it more than once - without re-winding over and over again was a plus to me ! If you are a major athletic type , it probably is n't for you BUT if you 're just an average Joe or Josie , and even a little bit intimidated by learning this sport , I highly recommend it !
 Our whole family loved this video . It is not only a great introduction to skiing for new skiiers in the family -LRB- both young and old alike -RRB- , but also gets you excited and ready to hit the slopes come winter . For intermediates , this is also an excellent review of the basics and some things you might have missed along the way . Do n't miss this one !
 Now I can see what those hands are doing ! This dvd has 29 songs and you can watch Stephen playing three distinctly different instruments - Morris 6-string acoustic , a Merrill Brothers copy of a vintage Dyer harp guitar and a 1930 National Steel . Wow !
 The guy is amazing . This DVD is for anyone who loves good guitar music , but it is especially good for guitar players because it is one of the rare videos that focuses only on the player , and players often enjoy seeing the focus solely on the musician and the instrument . This method allows players and purists to see tricks and subtle nuisances in the playing style that ca n't be found from concert videos . There are no words and no audience - just Stephen Bennett playing song after song after song .
 The ex wife took the original copy I had . With kids at home , and being a kid , I love Veggie Tales and had to have this one . Arrived quickly and in good condition .
 My husband and I were exposed to Veggie Tales with our niece and nephew and we love the series ; honestly we did watch them without any kids around . As a parent , I think `` Dave and the Giant Pickle '' is the best veggie tales I have seen yet for young toddlers like our 3 year old . He can relate to the story and lesson - a big guy vs a little guy , and how god will be there . My son loves this dvd , asks for it every night , and loves acting out the climax scene . This is such a cute version of David and Goliath . We highly recommend it !
 This is such a great video to teach your child about self esteem . Plus , it 's just plain silly ! I really like Larry Boy and his suction cup ears . Boy , do these guys really like to act silly ! My toddler just loves watching these guys and it really is refreshing to see something so positive for a change .
 Vivo en El Salvador y tengo una ni & ntilde ; a de 3 a & ntilde ; os , compr&eacute; el video para ense & ntilde ; arlo en la escuela dominical , mi sorpresa fu&eacute; que al verlo yo en la casa mi ni & ntilde ; a de 3 a & ntilde ; os se interes&oacute; en el video y me preguntaba que era lo que dec&iacute;an los vegetales -LRB- ella no habla ingl&eacute;s -RRB- . A medida se desarrollaba el video yo le contaba la historia ... . El dia siguiente ella me pidi&oacute; ver el video nuevamente y a medida ella ve&iacute;a el video , se lo contaba a su primito ... . NO IMPORTA EL IDIOMA , las historias de la Biblia llegan al coraz&oacute;n , no al entendimiento ... Ahora estoy pensando en comprar otro video para la escuela dominical , porque mi ni & ntilde ; a no quiere soltar el que actualmente tengo .
 This tape is one of the best VeggieTales . A straightforward lesson in depending upon God , so it does n't matter how little you are . You 'll be singing `` He 's big , I 'm little '' for months . The psychiatrist Silly Song is among the silliest of Silly Songs ever produced by Big Idea . Completely enjoyable for adults . No Barney-like hatred will be induced . Enjoyable for kids as well , plus a wonderful lesson ... which is also a good lesson for adults .
 This is a good video in the series . The story line is good , but moves a little quickly for me at some points . And I think that anyone that talks to vegetables after this has a wonderful imagination ! Hey , I 'm 19 and I talk to Lego 's . So sue me . : -RRB-
 I purchased this video for my son -LRB- who loves them -RRB- and fell in love with it . It is my favorite Veggie Tale to date . A must see !! It is quite hilarious especially the silly song with Larry .
 I recomend it to kids 10 and under
 It 's great to see videos that are well made , entertaining , and equal in quality to any other childrens video or TV series , and better yet , because they have a good and usefull message . But best of all , they 're not annoying , like Barney . I strongly suggest you look into getting the whole series of VeggieTales video 's .
 ... the best and funniest `` Veggie Tales '' video in the entire series ! This was the first one owned by our family -- and we literally wore the thing completely out ! The kids loved it ; the adults loved it just as much.This re-telling of the story of David and Goliath , starring Dr. Archibald Asparagus as King Saul ; Jr. . Asparagus as the young David ; the hysterical Pa Grape as David 's father ; and the wonderfully taunting Peas is a reminder that `` little guys can do big things , too '' ! Combine all this with an hysterically funny `` Silly Song with Larry '' and you 've got an adventure the whole family will love .
 I bought this video after my kids watched the christmas veggie tale a million times . I am so impressed with Big Ideas and Lyrick for putting out QUALITY videos that even my husband and I enjoy . This one 's a ca n't miss for Veggie watchers !
 This video is great for young kids -LRB- 1-6 -RRB- . The voices are wonderful , especially for the Philistines !!!
 We were `` turned-on '' to VeggieTales at a church activity . The kids are totally fascinated with the story . I love the quality and the message delivered to the children .
 Veggie Tales are really good kid-pleasers , but not half as aggravating as Barney or even Shari Lewis . They 're fun for adults to watch too ; intelligent dialogue , not just bright colors . I recommend Dave & the Giant Pickle especially .
 Veggietales is the most exciting phenomenon of this year . It is bigger and better than all of the fads that everyone has been introduced to . I think that it is not only for kids younger than 10 but for every kid . I am in high school and everybody I know absolutely LOVES Veggietales . `` Silly Songs With Larry '' is extremely well done and very funny . I love the animation and the sense of humor that Lyrick Studios has put into Veggietales . I love it .
 Wow ! What a breath of fresh air to see such a great story put to such new , exciting , and vibrant animation . Great Video .
 This is a great video for children to learn the stories of the bible at a level the can relate to and in a way they can enjoy . I feel the spanish transaltions are great and accurate . My son even at 8 months enjoys it and is learning not only spanish but the word of God !!
 Excellent story.Excellent lesson.A little short.A great purchase . Well worth the money . Our son loves it !
 The VeggieTales videos are wholesome and funny entertainment for not just your little ones , but the whole family . If you are looking for videos that can have an impact on your grandchildren in a positive way , the VeggieTales videos are wonderful choices .
 I do n't have too much to say , except that I really enjoy the sincerity of this Veggie Tales episode -LRB- and all Veggie Tale episodes -RRB- , and the music and themes are adorable and catchy ! Of all the Tales I 've seen -LRB- and that 's a lot -RRB- , this one is my favorite .
 My kids who are 3 & 5 love the Veggie Tales videos . They introduce kids to God in a gentle and sometimes funny way . My 5 year old particularly asks for it .
 Dave and the Giant Pickle tells the story of David and Goliath . Only this time David is Jr. . Asparagus and Goliath is an oversize pickle . On the surface it sounds absolutely stupid , but I dare you to watch just one of these videos.You 'll find the vegetable characters endearing -LRB- especially Larry the Cucumber and Bob the Tomato -RRB- , you 'll be laughing at the silliest things -LRB- like sheep that tip over -RRB- , and you and your child will learn something along the way.This episode contains only one story , rather than the usual two , but it 's a great video for your child 's video shelf.You 'll especially enjoy `` Silly Songs with Larry . ''
 You will fall in love with this tale of David and Goliath acted out by the wittiest vegetables around ! My three-year-old son loves the characters -LRB- especially Larry -RRB- and I find myself drawn in by the unique humor that the writers so eloquently work in . The `` Silly Songs by Larry -- I Love My Lips '' shown half-way through the video make is a worthwhile buy in itself ! My favorite line from the song
 Daughter loves this dvd ! She 's 6 months old and it keeps her attention very well . She even starts smiling when Jr. starts singing . : -RRB-
 My kids love this video , as is typical with Veggie Tales in our household :-RRB- We love that VT offers this in spanish because we are raising our kids bilingual and this helps to reinforce what we teach them . Our son has been speaking more spanish since he started watching this dvd . We also bought Gideon in spanish .
 My daughter loves this David and Goliath re-telling . So do my nephews , who received this video for Christmas . They sing along to the catchy songs and laugh at the jokes , but most importantly - they * get * the message.The Veggie Tales series is popular in my family , My husband and I adore the silly songs , my 30 year old brother likes to watch them , and even the great grandma appreciates them ! Fun , clean humor is such a rarity nowadays that adults have to `` resort '' to kids videos .
 This Veggie Video tells the tale of David and Goliath and teaches a lesson of loving one for oneself and not pretending to be someone your not . Junior Asparagus portrays Dave and well , Goliath is played by an eight-foot tall pickle . This was the second Veggie Tale to have contained one long story interrupted by a `` Silly Song With Larry '' -LRB- RACK , SHACK , AND BENNY was the first -RRB- . The ` Silly Song With Larry ' is the hillarious faced-paced `` I Love My Lips '' . Also , this video is where the beloved crime-fighting Larry Boy made his first appearance .
 I own every single Veggietales video , and this is my favorite ! Although it only has two songs , they are the best ! `` Love my Lips '' is hilerious and the melody in `` Big things Too '' is toe-tapping and fun ! It has a great lesson , too . Little guys can do big things when you believe in God . That 's a good lesson for all ages . Everyone in my family loves it , to the preschooler -LRB- age 6 -RRB- to Dad ; , to me -LRB- age 14 -RRB- . Dave and the Giant Pickle is definitely the `` pick of the crop ! '' -LRB- pardon the pun ! -RRB-
 After watching this video , I ran back to the store and bought every other Veggie Tale Video they had in stock . I bought them for my daughter , but my husband and I fell in love with them . When it comes to teaching values , forget Barnie - Veggie Tales are a real winner .
 My brother , a great Amazon.com reviewer , gave this one to my son a few years ago . I thought Veggie Tales was just another -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- Christian attempt at fun , but with this video , I was convinced otherwise . I think I watched it more in the beginning than my son did . I also started to carry the products in the bookstore I manage . My family now owns most of the collection.This is a take off on the famous Bible story of David and Goliath , but done in excellent humor that is easy for kids to understand . All the `` actors '' are vegetables . This has also helped my kids to eat their vegetable . The neat thing about Veggie Tales is that you are never too young or too old for them . The message is great and the way it is presented is outstanding . The kids like the story , and the adults get all the `` one liner '' jokes through the entire thing.If you have never seen a Veggie Tale , I would recommend you start your collection with this video . It gets an A + rating in my book !
 This is one of the best VeggieTales movies ever ! Jr. . Asapargus -LRB- Dave -RRB- fights a giant pickle -LRB- Golieth -RRB- in the retelling of a biblical classic . Larry the Cucumber -LRB- not a pickle -RRB- gets two thumbs up for the silly song `` I Love My Lips '' . Sunday morning values and Saturday morning fun !
 This movie was funny!Okay , so I 'm almost a teenager , but who said Veggie Tales were for kids ? :-RRB- But really , this movie teaches kids alot about the Golden Rule . E-mail me ! ~ God Bless !
 It is great to see a company put out a video which is so entertaining it can compete with any secular show , but has solid values at its core . My two-year-old ranks Veggie Tales right up there with Blues Clues . I see the difference as Blues Clues being an intellectual education and Veggie Tales being a moral education -- both very important in different ways . Go Veggies !!
 A friend introduced me to the VeggieTales videos for my toddler . Most of my friends think I 'm nuts for getting so excited about a `` childrens '' video , but I tell them to watch one and they will see for themselves ! `` Dave and the Giant Pickle '' is a must have for your video collection ! I ca n't wait to see the rest of the videos .
 A friend of our 's gave us the movie for Christmas . It 's just about my all-time favorite . My sister is always stealing it to show to her friends at college .
 We borrowed this tape from a friend , and viewed it as a family . Pleasantly surprised . The humor was right on target . My kids identified with both `` Dave '' and `` Larry-boy '' . Good lesson to be learned , and very funny .
 We parents want more high quality entertainment that is this much fun
 This was so awesome and I wish that I actually own the whole series
 We recieved the video as a gift from a pastor friend . Our four year old son just loves the songs , especially Larry 's silly song about his lips . My wife and I catch ourselves humming the songs during the day . I 've watched the video at least 15 times and still laugh every time . Our 14 month old daughter sits for the entire video . She loves little Dave and the sheep . These guys have a great idea for teaching morals and values . Keep up the good work , and we agree with other reviews , concentrate on the bible stories . It 's refreshing to see efforts made to let kids escape this decade 's down falls in morality and values ! We will be buying more of these .
 I put it in the VCR early in the morning for her to wake up to . She knows all the songs by heart . I must admit I know most of them too .
 The story of David and Golliath is told with humor , yet spot on forthe moral of the story . This is a delightful video that can be enjoyedby the very young and their very old parents .
 My son loves it . And he keeps watching it . Lots of lessons to learn from this movie . Even adults can benefit from watching a child movie .
 I am so excited to have this movie in our collection . It was a favorite of my kids and now my granddaughter can enjoy it too .
 This is an excellent source of entertainment for the kids . Larry and Bob are the cutest ! The kids and parents alike , will have a fun bonding time watching the story about Dave -LRB- David -RRB- and at the same time , learn that God is the greatest of all !
 Great Video ! Would definitely recommend this to anyone who has kids in 6th grade and younger . And even though they act like its not cool , middle school kids enjoy them as well !
 I bought this along with several other Veggie Tales titles and he ca n't get enough of them . He especially love the theme song .
 this one is the funniest veggietales ever dave and the giant pickleis the best ever but pistachio is the worst ever i have to get thismovie i feel impressed of this so this is the best of veggietales2 THUMBS UP !
 The Veggie Tales gang tackles the David and Goliath story on this video . It 's fun , close to the Biblical account and entertaining for all ages . You ca n't miss with the Veggie Tales . It may be hard to find it in video form nowadays , but it 's still available in DVD .
 bought it for a friend . works perfect and she loves it . would buy from you again . thank you very much .
 Its about a boy who has a lot of brothers and they go to war so they have to beet this big pickle . One day he goes to the battle lines and he ends up fighting and killing the pickle .
 I just spent a delightful day watching this video , over , and over , and over . My Granddaughter , Brooke , age 3 knows the story of David and Goliath by heart ! She has become a theologian . What an incredible video idea . Brooke also knows the other Bible Stories , as she has a collection of the Veggie Tales . Her Mother and Father sing the songs and are also learning the stories with her ; just in case they had not known them before , or needed to be reminded again . What a great idea ! You will fall in love with all the Veggie Tale Characters who `` act their hearts out '' making the Bible come alive in your homes . Hats off to these wonderful people who bring us this worthwhile project ! Who said `` the world is going to hell in a handbasket '' ? They just might be wrong , when little children are growing up learning the truth of the scripture acted out in a great and entertaining way ! Grandparents need not call and ask for gift ideas any longer ... just give them Veggies ! A great diet !
 I 'm an adult Veggie Tales fan who got introduced to the series through a bunch of college kids . I love the series because there is something for all age groups . Just for kids ? No.Anyway ... this one is my favorite . There are all kinds of gags worked into the story that kids would miss but that adults will enjoy , espcially in the battlefield scenes . The important parts of the story are kept sacred , then nothing else is . Where something funny can fit in , it 's there . It 's a good laugh even when there are n't kids in the house .
 If you 've never seen VeggieTales , you need to . Whatever age you are . Like only a few things in the past -LRB- Rocky & Bullwinkle comes to mind -RRB- the humor here appeals to kids and to grownups . Some of it is clearly over the kids ' heads -- like the philistine peas , a ripoff of The Frenchman in Monty Python 's Holy Grail -- but there is plenty for the kids to love.This is my favorite VeggieTales video thus far , and I 've seen all the way through Madame Blueberry . I like that they tell one story instead of two short ones , and there are some great funny moments in here . David 's sheep just ca n't stay upright . And Goliath wears boxing gloves.And the silly song is beautiful . Usta !
 I love everything Veggie Tales so I 'll say that up front , but this is a great one . It includes the Silly Song `` I Love my Lips '' which is hilarious . I highly recommend this DVD to anyone who likes Veggie Tales or even anyone who has never even seen anything VT and just wants an entertaining , wholesome DVD for their kids that is also funny and interesting to adults .
 I actually got this to give as a gift to someone but I have shown this to my Kindergarten class a few years back when I taught . The entire veggie tales line is a clever and creative way to teach children lessons in character . I am going on memory on this , so I could be incorrect but I think ALMOST all of the veggie tale videos/tapes/stories focus on old testament stories to teach a lesson . There are a few that are based on New Testament stories but I taught in a Catholic school so I had no problem showing any of them . This particular video was enjoyed greatly by my former class and requested often as they probably identified with the character `` Dave '' as being someone who , even though small , could do something great . It is not just a video to pop in and then walk away leaving the child to watch on their own . As with most television entertainment , the lesson learned here is best absorbed when watched with an adult to answer any questions they may have and explain a thing or two . Some of the terminoligy , even though scaled down a bit in a humorous way for the child viewer , still would need to be explained . Example
 I recieved this video as gift from a friend . I was quite sceptical of it because really how good could a movie be about vegetables ? Well I was wrong ! I have never laughed so hard in all my life . It is a great movie for kids of all ages . It teaches them good lessons about life and the bible . I suggest the Veggis Tale movies for anyone who would like to see a silly movie !
 Dave and the Giant Pickle is , you guessed it , the story of King David and Goliath . Junior Asparagus is young David , who shows that he is faithful and trusting in God , and in so doing saves the nation of Isreal even though he is `` just a little guy '' . This story gives kids the message that `` even little guys can do big things '' , and that all things are possible when you trust in God . This story also has one of the best Larry 's Silly Songs with Larry singing about how he `` Loves His Lips ! '' Very funny ! My one year old daughter loves ALL her Veggie Tales , and my husband loved this one too ! Veggie Tales are a great alternative to regular Saturday morning tv packed with advertising and inapproriate messages to kids .
 This one was the first Veggie Tales video I ever saw , and I think it 's still my favorite ! The Jurassic Park allusion is hilarious . Intelligent , funny , witty , not just for kids but adults too .
 Veggie Tales are not only for the children , but for youth and adult alike . The songs are incredible and the humor is not too sappy or too childish . At my University Veggie Tales is a big hit . Any one can enjoy Veggie Tales , if they give it a chance .
 I bought Veggietales for the kids , but the whole family -LRB- ages 9 through 65 -RRB- have enjoyed the excellent animation , the silly humor , and the great story telling . Great for getting your kids into the Bible , but if that 's not your goal , they will enjoy the message and have a lot of fun .
 My 3 yr old loves it and I love him watching it !! Great values !!
 Worth updating to DVD the extras are great . Teaches kids that they can do anything even if they are small do n't let that stop them .
 Love this dvd . My daughter is really into the veggie tales right now , so she enjoys watching this over and over . Also , she likes the music in it and often sings along . As a parent , I like the story , the message behind the story and the humor . I sit and watch it with her , too .
 Veggie Tales
 Veggietales are entertaining for the whole family . We own nearly every one of them . Highly recommended .
 When Bob finds Larry pretending to be somebody with some real power , he decides it 's time to share a story that will help Larry feel good about himself.A long time ago , there was a boy named Dave -LRB- Jr. . Asparagus -RRB- . His job was helping his brothers look after the family sheep and keeping them from tipping over.But when the Israelites go to war , Dave 's brothers head off to fight . When the Philistines -LRB- the French Peas -RRB- suggest a fight of champions , they quickly agree . However , they are shocked to see Goliath , the giant pickle emerge . Dave volunteers to fight , but can he do it?This is an early entry in the VeggieTales series , and tons of fun . The story is great with lots of gags for kids and adults . The moral , `` With God , all things are possible , '' is very solid and worth hearing time and time again.The main story takes up most of the disc . It is interrupted by a silly song , `` Love my Lips . '' And , this disc is also notable for the introduction of Larry-Boy during the counter top scenes.There 's lots to love here , and fans both young and old will enjoy this unique take on a famous Bible story .
 I love the Veggie Tales series , and this title reinforced my opinion . The series simplifies Bible stories for kids ages 3-10 , without losing the overall message . This easily answers questions about who Goliath was , and how in the world a little guy like David managed to slay him .
 I generally do not like Chritian themed videos because they are often preaching and boring . Veggie Tales is the great exception . They make bible stories easy to understand and funny . Dave and the Giant Pickle is so funny -- you and your kids will love it .
 The veggietales are the cutest cartoon to come along in a long time . I have n't watched Christian children 's cartoons in ages , but the Veggietales instantly grabbed my attention . I mean , I watch these even without kids around the house . Dave And The Giant Pickle is just one of many great Bible stories and lessons provided by the Veggietales . Definately recommended to any child or adult .
 I had to watch this movie in my school 's religion class . I 'm in highschool right now , so you would seem to think that most teenagers would find this movie dull -LRB- or pretend it 's dull -RRB- . When we were sitting in class I saw smiles on their faces , but I know -LRB- including myself , that 's why I 'm anonymous -RRB- that I would NEVER actually admit that a movie targeted at younger children was entertaining . So after all of this , I conclude that this movie entertains both young ones , teenagers , and adults -LRB- the few teachers in the room were laughing too -RRB- . This movie deserves a 5 star because not many movies can entertain all ages . Oh , and another great movie -- Toy Story and Toy Story 2
 The 1950s and early 1960s were the heyday of Westerns on television and this collection from Diamond Entertainment provides of nice sampling of the genre . Here 's your chance to see Henry Fonda on the small screen in `` The Deputy , '' a largely forgotten half-hour series that was co-created by Norman Lear . You 'll also see episodes from several of the classic television Westerns like `` The Lone Ranger '' and `` The Rifleman , '' among others . The oddity that 's included here is `` Shotgun Slade , '' a series that 's been described by some as `` Peter Gunn meets the Old West . '' The jazzy score used for the series sounds out of place , but Scott Brady is good in the title role . Here 's a rundown of the shows represented in this two-disc collection : Disc 1 : The Rifleman -LRB- Chuck Conners -RRB- - 3 episodesBat Masterson -LRB- Gene Barry -RRB- - 2 episodesThe Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp -LRB- Hugh O'Brian -RRB- - 1 episodeThe Lone Ranger -LRB- Clayton Moore , Jay Silverheels -RRB- - 2 episodesDisc 2 : Wagon Train -LRB- John McIntyre -RRB- - 1 episodeThe Roy Rogers Show -LRB- Roy Rogers , Dale Evans -RRB- - 2 episodesThe Deputy -LRB- Henry Fonda , Allen Case -RRB- - 2 episodesShotgun Slade -LRB- Scott Brady -RRB- - 2 episodesIn terms of extras , Diamond Entertainment includes some brief information on each of the shows and the stars , some trivia , and a photo gallery on each of the discs . Reflecting Diamond 's status as a `` public domain '' releasing company , it looks like most , if not all , of the episodes were sourced from 16 millimeter syndication prints , a common practice among companies releasing public domain material . The visual quality of the episodes included on the discs is variable with the worst prints from `` The Roy Rogers Show '' and the best prints from , surprise , 1949 episodes of `` The Lone Ranger . '' All of the prints are watchable , though you may have to make some adjustments on your TV set for a few of the episodes that have light contrast.This set is very similar to a two-disc set titled `` TV Classics Westerns '' from another public domain releasing company , Platinum Disc Corporation . The episodes from `` Bat Masterson , '' `` Wyatt Earp , '' `` Wagon Train , '' `` The Deputy , '' and `` The Rifleman '' are all repeated on both of these collections , suggesting that only a few episodes from most of these series have fallen into the public domain . Still , if you 're nostalgic for older television shows that are rarely seen anymore , this collection will satisfy .
 The third DVD in the series and getting even cuter . Taruto is a busy little neko . This time she manages to meet a friendly cat loving ghost , a mysterious land , and a lost wild cat . The evil Byoh make their debut in a mysterious fairy tale like land . This is definitely a must have series . I 'm 34 and I love Magical Meow Meow Taruto : -RRB-
 Sybervison presents the skiers -LRB- Husted & Ryman -RRB- perfect turns from all angles , in slow motion and reverse photography so the viewer can see how all body parts work together in linking short and medium radius turns on moderate , steep , mogul and crud conditions . The Killy and Black Diamod tapes are both excellent . Even though the tapes were made 15 years ago the form is timeless . Watch this video several times a week during the ski season to implant the image of perfect turns in your head . Ski and watch again . You will improve . Add to this video Ellen Post Fosters Skiing and the Art of Carving which describes the subtle differences with the new shaped Skis to make your collection of ski training videos complete . If you are just starting to ski start with the Sybervison Fundamental tape which is done much the same way as the more advanced Killy and Black Diamond tapes . It starts with walking , gliding and wedge turns and moves into parrallel skiing . Addressing one of the comments below . It does not provide instructions on riding lifts .
 Watching nearly perfect technique in a variety of conditions repeatedly with a distinctive soundtrack is a wonderful way to ` see yourself doing it in your mind . ' The effects on my next day of skiing , especially in a bowl of windblown powder and crud , were awesome . Fact is , I came to Amazon looking so I can buy a replacement copy ... I still think an envious ski buddy hid it or borrowed it !
 Black Diamond Skiing shows 2 skiers performing a variety of turns in sync with the movie . The idea is to watch the movie repeatedly which is supposed to train your muscles to repeat the moves . I have found this to be true , but you must watch this film A LOT . Like `` Viewer from Colorado '' , I came to this site to purchase this movie . `` Horsepla '' may be correct , but since I have been skiing for 20 years , I have n't found the basics to have changed that much due to equipment .
 Okay , this requires a little explanation.ExplanationA . Shock-O-Rama is the name of a horror movie label owned by Independent Cinema.B . Shock-O-Rama is the title of this 4-DVD box set.C . Shock-O-Rama is the title of one of the movies in this set.D . Independent Cinema also owns the Seduction Cinema label . Seduction Cinema is known primarily for soft-core lesbian movies which are often cash-in 's on more popular films like Planet of the Apes , LoTR -LRB- Lord of the G-Strings -RRB- , etc. . Some of these are not necessarily parodies as Women In Black -LRB- aka Vampire Obsession -RRB- is actually a bleak study of alienation -LRB- with lengthy soft-core lesbian scenes and some horror -RRB- as is The Erotic Ghost.So I 've been told.E . Seduction Cinema 's biggest star is Misty Mundae -LRB- aka Erin Brown -RRB- . Others include Julian Wells and A.J. Khan.F . These three actresses also appear in most of the Shock-O-Rama movies in this collection . This is not a coincidence.In praise of Brett PiperAll four of these DTV movies were written and directed by horror vet Brett Piper , filmed on video on a low budget , often in little more than a week . What is surprising is how good they actually are . Yes , that 's right , I said good . Well , by cheap DTV horror movie standards . The stories are actually coherent , the characters are all distinctive , the actors are n't great and usually overact but it 's forgivable . Piper knows how to frame a scene - I almost commented that the mise-en-scene is quite distinctive but that 's a bit pretentious . The films are never dull . Piper eschews -LRB- probably for cost reasons -RRB- CGI but does use , and quite effectively too for the low budget , stop-motion animation and mechanical effects . Really they look like they were made for ten times the actual cost.And so the films themselves , in the order they appear in the box , with some minor spoilers.Shock-O-Rama . This is an anthology consisting of three separate stories.In a piece of meta-fiction , soft-core porn star Rebecca Raven -LRB- Misty Mundae -RRB- has angrily quit and the two idiot producers are looking for a new star so they watch a couple of short films submitted to them . In the first , a couple of tiny stop-motion alien criminals on the run crash into a scrap yard run by a moron with girlfriend troubles and mayhem ensues which includes a giant robot made out of scrap . This is a lot of fun . Meanwhile Raven has gone to a house in the middle of nowhere , cuts herself shaving her legs in the bath and the blood which goes down the drain resurrects a previous owner . Raven ends up in the toolshed where she finds a. . . Oh come on , we 've all seen The Evil Dead , have n't we ? In the third film , mad scientist Julian Wells is secretly experimenting on some young women , giving them lurid dreams which involve a naked Julian Wells . One such dream turns into a genuinely horrifying nightmare which caught me by surprise when I did n't notice a jump cut where a real woman 's body was substituted for a prosthetic . That does n't happen very often.I really enjoyed this one.Screaming DeadA film of four fifths and one fifth . A cult photographer takes pictures of women under extreme distress because , he says , they expose how women are exploited in society . This is a crock
 If practical make-up , non-CGI blood / gore , and stop-motion make you salivate , then the SHOCK-O-RAMA HORROR COLLECTION will drown you in your own drool ! Brett Piper is an old-school horror director w / a fondness for 50s sci-fi . He also stretches his miniscule budgets beyond what seems possible ! The four movies included here - SCREAMING DEAD , SHOCK-O-RAMA , BACTERIUM , and BITE ME ! - make for a brilliant little homage / retro fright fest ! This set is jam-packed w / monsters , aliens , ghouls , nudity , secret government experiments , humour , a giant killer robot , Misty Mundae , bikers , an eeevil , disembodied brain , psychos , sickos , and did I already mention Misty Mundae ?? Buy immediately ...
 This is an original recording , so the quality of the recording is not great . In spite of that , the story and music are so conpelling that it really does n't matter .
 Giancarlo Menotti does a superb job with making this opera understandable for all ages . It is a wonderful intro of opera for children . I first watched this as a child and now many years later am able to enjoy it again .
 Of course the quality of this video is well behind current expectations , but , artistically , this piece is strong . The nostalgia factor for folks my age is high . I wish this opera would become a Christmas-time stalwart such as Nutcracker .
 The interview afterwards alone is worth the price of the item . THis is a must have for anyone who knows this work !
 This DVD was created from a video tape of the 1955 live TV performance , so do n't expect color or high resolution . Having said that , the viewing of this 40-minute written-for-TV opera makes it obvious why it was wildly popular in the 50 's and deeply affected the lives of those who performed in it . Excellent liner notes and a recent interview with Rosemary Kuhlmann , who sang the role of the Mother , give even more depth to the experience . Synopsis
 I remember seeing Amahl on TV in my teenage years , and it is very hard to find it being produced . So I was delighted to find this original , and at a reasonable price . I got one for myself and one for my granddaughters . Shortly after I ordered it , there was a production on TV -LRB- in color , which was nice -RRB- , but it was n't as good quality as this original . Thanks for making it available .
 Watching the holiday live TV broadcasts of this opera are an indelible part of my childhood . We also had an LP of the opera , and I knew the libretto by memory.For years I have been looking for a copy of this opera , and was very excited to see , in time for the 2007 holidays that this DVD had finally been released . Now with nieces and nephews the same age I was when this opera was such an important part of the family holiday celebrations , I wanted to share.But - would this 1953 black & white version , with no special effects that kids now expect hold up ? Would they watch for about 5 minutes and leave the room?Hooray ! They -LRB- nephews 10 and 4 yrs old , niece 7 -RRB- were totally engrossed . They are regular churchgoers and go to a church-run private school . They also have taken Suzuki piano lessons since age 4 , so may have had more exposure to both the message and the kind of music than some other childrenI found it to be more profound as an adult than I remembered from childhood . The weaving in of so many moments of Grace in a 45 minute production is so skilled that I hope with proper introduction , many children will have the opportunity to add this wonderful experience to their family 's annual celebrations .
 Amahl and the Night Visitors was a part of all of my early childhood Christmases , shown on the little family black-and-white TV in our 1950 's , 1960 's living room , and some years just aired on NPR on the radio -LRB- turned up loud on my dad 's `` hi-fi '' so that we could listen to it in our beds . -RRB- For me and for many of my generation , this is the ultimate Christmas nostalgia item . I can still sing along to every word , and my grandchildren watched it over and over with me in fascination , pulled into the romantic story of the little crippled boy visited by the 3 kings on their way to the Christ child . Excellent sound quality and heart-wrenchingly beautiful voices .
 Well ! I thought this was a lot of fun . It took me back to the time I saw this very performance - the same grainy black and white . My grandkids thought it was extremely primitive . Grainy black and white did nothing for them , they declared the set to be dorky and they were glad there were subtitles because they could n't understand a word . We all appreciated the slice of history and those young whippersnappers got a greater appreciation for all us oldtimers went through to bring them the slick presentations of today.Delivery was quick , the DVD in ` mint ' condition .
 excellent quality . The content is excellent too , with an insight of what was happening behind the stage from the mother 's point of view , is where you really start knowing what happens in the real world , also I liked the chorus that was a bonus .
 It has been a long time since I have seen this wonderful opera . I do n't know why they do n't put it on TV particularly on the educational channels . I thoroughly enjoyed this dvd and it brought back such enjoyable memories . The music is very good and the melodies stay with you after it is over .
 What a treat after so many years to be able to watch the television version of a most beloved opera . For those of us who waited each Christmas Eve to watch the production on our black and white televisions , watching this took me back to my younger years . I was as excited to watch the DVD as I was 50 years ago.The simplicity of costumes and scenery was refreshing - the opening notes brought all the emotions back . This is a DVD one must have if you want to start or continue a fabulous tradition of families sitting together and watching beautiful story.The story , about a poor family of a single mother and crippled son is set at the time of the birth of Christ with the three Wise men stopping for an evening at their stark cottage . Well worth purchasing with a fine interview 50 years later with the actress who played the single mother .
 I had reservations when I ordered this , given it 's production age , but it was well worth it and will be a staple watch during future Christmas periods .
 This 1955 black and white production is well-done and is the earliest production and the best of the few available -LRB- most are in VHS , this is a DVD -RRB- -- it is a shame it has not been re-done for TV instead of some of the Christmas `` fluff '' stories that play every year . Definitely worth buying -- good family entertainment with memorable music , characters and heartwarming Christmas story ...
 The DVDs were ordered for my sons . They arrived in good time and were in good condition .
 Brought back so many wonderful memories of Christmas past !! Wonderful music and singing , top notch ! Children love this , and so do grown-ups !! `` This is my box , this is my box , I never travel without my box . '' : -RRB-
 It was the early 50 's and live on the television every Christmas was the opera , Amahl and the Night Visitors . It is a story of a crippled shepherd boy and his encounter with the 3 kings on their way to find the Christ child . We were happy to find this rare recording of the 1955 production now on DVD . Also included is an in-depth interview with the woman who played Amahl 's mother for several years plus toured in a traveling production of the opera . The interview was done this past July in Rhode Island . There is also a 6 minute segment of a boys choir singing favorite Christmas caroles . If you remember TV in the early to mid 50 's this will bring back those Christmas memories of live productions .
 This is a film recording -LRB- kinescope -RRB- of the 1955 live telecast of Menotti 's treasured opera . The performers are all excellent , and the mother and Amahl are splendid . Bill McIver as Amahl is extremely earnest and blessed with beautiful singing throughout . The kings blend well in their songs . The dances featuring the townspeople are very nice indeed . The orchestra is excellent.This production was staged for television , in television 's early days , under the supervision of the composer . By today 's standards , the staging and props are sparse . For example , the scenes outside the home use the bare studio floor , without any attempt to create realism . The talents of the performers rise above these shortcomings.From a technical perspective , this is of course a very old recording in black and white , with mono sound . The high frequencies of the recording have been lost , possibly in a misguided attempt to reduce noise inherent in the original . The result is that some of the words are very hard to understand . I find it helpful to turn on the English subtitles while watching it . There are several cameras used for different angles , and each has its own characteristic of grain and contrast -- an interesting window into the technical aspects of early television . This was a live telecast , and so the camera operators were responsible for panning as various scenes unfold ; there are occasional minor misses during some scenes.Amahl was first telecast in 1951 , with the original broadcast being available at the Museum of Broadcast Communications Archives . The scene compositions and camera angles of this production are nearly identical with the original 1951 performance . In general , this 1955 production is smoother and more mature than the 1951 original . Many cast members reprise their roles from the original production , with the notable exception of Bill McIver here as Amahl which was originally performed by Chet Allen . Bill McIver held this role for several successive annual productions.The special features on the DVD are really interesting , especially the interview with Rosemary Kuhlmann -LRB- the mother -RRB- where she discusses at length her experience working with Menotti and the other actors in this and other productions of Amahl .
 Altho I have no memory of watching `` Amahl '' on TV as a young child , I think I must have - the music is sweetly nostalgic for me . This DVD version is lovely . Touching , poignant , and well-sung . I have no problem whatsoever with the visuals and audio - they 're what I grew up with !
 While the video presentation of the opera is truly early TV -LRB- Black & White , etc -RRB- , the production is absolutely fabulous . The acting , the voices , the story is very moving . I feel privileged to have it in my collection .
 All the wonderful voices and Menotti 's staging and the incomparable music that has stayed in my head for 50 years are here . I cried in all the familiar moments . The video is so old that in places it looks like animation , but the atmosphere still comes across . Great special features with inside dope on the first production .
 When I was growing up we opened our Christmas presents after midnight mass . The TV would be on and Amahl and the Night Visitors was one of the shows we would watch . It was pleasantly nostalgic to watch it again .
 I grew up watching the early TV broadcasts of Amahl on or near Christmas day , including the very production on this DVD . Watching this DVD still pulls the heart strings.For that reason , and the fact that the DVD does its best to capture and present the original , I 've awarded the full five stars . The following technical comments are for the benefit of other potential purchasers , for a better informed purchase.Audio / sound is solid , good range -LRB- especially nice solid bass -RRB- , only a small amount of distortion totally within expectations for a recording of the era.Video / image is pretty high contrast , fair amount of detail washed out in the highlights and darkened out in the low key areas . Essentially , a fairly basic image resembling -LRB- or maybe is -RRB- a kinescope . If you 're expecting the beautiful tonal range of a well-made B/W film of the era , this is not it.In the end -LRB- as mentioned in the review title -RRB- , the DVD content does overcome the technical limitations . If you want your own copy of this historic presentation , this is it , probably as good as exists .
 Being almost 60 years old , this video of the only opera written specifically for TV and geared to young people does n't have the best sound or production qualities . But for opera lovers or those whose exposure to opera has been minimal Amahl and the Night Visitors should be a moving experience , with a powerful theme , great performances talented singers and an inspiring climax . It 's only about 45 minutes long but I have seen it numerous times . Perfect viewing for the Christmas season but a DVD for all seasons and all ages . 5 stars !
 THIS IS THES 1955 LIVE AIRING ON TELEVISION ... NO BREAKS , OR ELECTROCNIC ENHANCEMENTS . ALL THE PERFORMERS HAVE EXCELLENT VOICES AND ACTING ABILITIES . THE ` MOTHER ' IN PARTICULAR IS WONDERFUL ... AND THE ADDED COMMENTARY/INTERVIEW WITH HER IS MOST INFORMATIVE .
 An outstanding performance of the classic TV opera . If you have not seen this opera , or if you are looking for a truly authenic performance of it , I would recommend this one . Of course , having been recorded in 1955 , it is black & white , but the essence and art are obvious and set a high standard for future emulation .
 If you love to listen to `` Amahl and the Night Visitors '' every Christmas , then you will enjoy this wonderful made for TV production on DVD . I recommend this !
 This original TV broadcast has hung in my and my best friends memories all our lives . I gave this a a gift to myself , and for his birthday . It is such a joy to watch it again .
 it was wonderful to see words to songs and be able to understand what was happening . this is a classic tale and I rally enjoyed it
 This was such a treat to receive ! I watched this every Christmas as a child . I had not seen in in years , and it brought back wonderful memories . Such a good story ... such a good message .
 It is amazing that we have the opportunity to see programs that were televised over 50 year ago and to rekindle the memories of that time in our lives.Amahl and the Night Visitors was a special part of Christmas TV in the early 1950 's , much as ` The Snowman ' became in the 1980 's .
 How magical to see the Amahl of my childhood again ! This was the exact one I remember . The interview with Rosemary Kuhlman is fabulous !
 The classic 1955 telecast - look forward to watching the whole DVD - am involved with a local production so looking @ the DVD for help with this - looks good .
 This was a Christmas memory that I had as a child . We always used to watch it . Still lovely today .
 This is a treasure ! I remember it as a child . It was preformed almost every Christmas time in the early ' 50 's . Wish they 'd do it again.It may be `` too simple '' for todays generation . However all you kids and grandkids out there , this would be a terrific present for your parents and grandparents!all the best
 It was nice to attempt to apply the story to the christmas story . I will have to get it back from my friend .
 Watched this on tv back in the 50 's and 60 's . it was great then , and it 's great now . if you are young you may not appreciate ` talking ' operas.there is no sex , or violence , or guns or blood in this so it may not have wide appeal . it 's warm and genuine and perfect for the holiday season.the recording itself was very good . no problems .
 This is a video product that I have wanted tor years , and just got around to ordering . I really do love it !
 This takes me back to my childhood when I would look for this on PBS to be played during December . I loved the story of it and I was able to follow the story even as a child . I 'd told someone that it was one of my Christmas memories so I went looking for it and now , I will be able to have it next year and maybe share it with my grandchildren .
 I ordered this movie because I remembered watching it as a child . I told my children about it and wanted them to see it at least once .
 I did n't read the description carefully enough and did not realize this was made in 1955 . I would have preferred a more modern staging . However , the singing was first rate and I enjoyed it .
 An old fashion play to tell the story of the birth of Christ . Good play and brought back memories , but funny for acting then versus now .
 The dvd images and sound are totally clear . This is a wonderful performance that should be enjoyed by all . It was a gift for my sister and she loves it , but I enjoy it as much as she does .
 I had not seen this since I was a child . How wonderful to see it again . I was just as moved as I was when I was a childPray it Forward
 Great copy of the original broadcast for fans of Amahl . It is a holiday tradition in our house for multi-generations .
 This is the quintessential version of this gorgeous , infinitely enduring story of the Three Kings visiting the cottage of a poverty-stricken shepherd 's widow and her crippled son . Menotti 's music here is amazing , the characterizations and voices are marvelous . I have listened to this opera for 45 years , at least annually , and never fail to be moved to tears . No one should miss this lovely thing . This version was the very first , telecast live on December 24 , 1951 . I researched and revised my original statement regarding the telecast date based on a comment by Scott in L.A. Thanks for the correction !
 I can not confirm whether this is the 1954 version or later -LRB- it lists it as 1955 telecast -RRB- . The original -LRB- 1951 -RRB- had Chet Allen as Amahl . This version has Bill McIver . I watched the Hallmark Hall of Fame each year as they showed this wonderful performance . I have been looking for a release of this version for years . This is close enough to the `` original '' to be collected . The sound and video quality are very good , especially considering what the telecast was like . I have no complaints . The story should be well known from the summary , later versions and the reviews . 50 years have not diminished the greatness and enjoyment of this classic .
 I ordered a copy of the 1955 prformance of Amahl and the Night Visitors for many reasons which I think valid , and for some personal reasons.As mentioned in other reviews , this performance offers no glitzy color or modern day technical perfection to which we have become accustomed . However , we should not always seek such shallowness whenwe wish to purchase musical performances . What this performance does have is a dramatically staged version by the composer , a hand-chosen conductor , by the composer , a soprano who , by all accounts was the composer 's ideal , a fine trio of Kings , an emsemble which is one of thetightest I have ever heard and an Amahl who combines vulnerability , sweetness and strength in every way possible . I saw many peformances of this as a child and surely gained much from what it teaches as well as the sublime musical and dramatic moments . I was lucky to have been the college roommate of Bill McIver as we experienced early musical life together . Hearing about his role as he child comprised one of the best periods of my life . I see the man in this child in many ways . I own a number of recordings . This one is all I really need . Recommended highly !!! David Evans , Kill Devil Hills , NC
 I was a little worried when I ordered this Amahl because of its early television production quality , but I am very , very happy with it . I was involved with two different productions of this Operetta , one in high school and one in my church . I love the music very much , and the voices on this video are very good . If you ever owned the 60s RCA recording of the Hallmark Hall of Fame production , you 'll remember a terrible electronic glitch apparently in the master recording during one of the soprano 's best moments -LRB- '' ... but no one brings him incense or gold ... though sick and tired and hungry and cold '' -RRB- that ruined the experience for me each time I listened to it . But there 's nothing like that in this recording . If you love this work , you 'll want to buy this DVD . I suspect some of the folks critical of it were n't around in the 40s/50s and perhaps think that the quality of telvision images broadcast then were better than they actually were . I doubt any amount of technical restoration would help with the picture quality which is , in my opinion , quite good anyway . It 's mostly about the singing after all . The extras on the DVD are good too . I especially enjoyed the boy 's choir . Listening to them depresses me in the sense that their singing is tecnically so superior to anything I 've heard recently . Probably the Diocese that trained and supported them has sunken to guitar music these days.Just thinking about the music makes me break into
 I agree that the DVD is somewhat dark ... but if you were one who saw this opera in 1952 -LRB- when I was 5 yrs old -RRB- , which I did , under the close direction of Menotti himself , you will realize that this is the most exemplery rendering of the opera , unforgettable for the time , and never equalled in subsequent editions . No actress has ever equalled Rosemary Kuhlman 's performance as the mother .
 Amahl and the Night Visitors was a favorite of mine at Christmas when I was a child . I had ordered it on VHS a while back , but the sound quality was not good at all . This DVD is so much better . The picture is still not real good but that 's understandable , it was filmed in the 50 's . However , they have been able to do whatever to the sound to greatly improve it over the VHS version . It 's a sweet timeless story and one I hope to share with my grandchildren someday .
 I could n't believe that the old black & white version of Amahl was available . I was a child when I first saw it and it became a family tradiiton . By the time the version with Teresa Statas -LRB- and color -RRB- came out I was a full-blown opera buff . But it was disappointing ! She was great but something was missing - a simplicity , a lack of pretension , an intimacy . The dance had lost all its spontaneity . Now it 's all come back in this DVD - I was n't wrong - it was n't just nostalgia . This is the way it should always be presented - after all , it was written expressly for the cramped stages of TV .
 In spite of the limitations of 1950s TV this is the best performance of the opera that I have seen - very genuine and moving .
 Professional presentation of a family favorite ! It will show up on our agenda for holiday celebrations often , especially when we ca n't find a live production . Even the children love it and sing the songs along with the actors .
 Not a weak note in Menotti 's score . I try to see a local production every Christmas . The music is so superb , I cherish amateur performances . The tech is dated , but it is beautiful from start to finish .
 It brought back memories when this performance was orginally done . I had forgotten how beautiful their voices were . The story is a wonderful depiction of offering something sacrificially to the Christ Child and receiving a blessing in return.Bill McIver , who played Amahl , lived in my hometown and I knew his family .
 An amazing -LRB- and only -RRB- opera commissioned for TV , in 1952 it became a Christmas tradition until the mid-sixties when the culture in general and T.V. in particular moved the center of Christmas from Christ to Claus . However , this opera deserves a listen at any time of the year . This DVD is of a live performance from the 1955 broadcast . The video is a kinescope -LRB- i.e. film of the broadcast monitor -RRB- and primitive by today 's standards , but the music and performances transcends the technology . The audio is quite good , though .
 My mother had been missing this - it used to be shown on network tv every Christmas . I even remember seeing it in color ! Finding this made her holiday and it will become a holiday tradition for our family . A great piece of early broadcst history .
 I was a very young child when Amahl was first televised . I looked forward to this televised event every year and it became a special part of my Christmas as a child . I was delighted to find Amahl on DVD and am not disappointed . It is not in great shape visually or audibly but it really is n't a problem if you love this opera . The one thing I am really pleased with is it has captions so you do n't miss what is being sung . I also enjoyed very much the interview with Rosemary Kuhlmann . If Amahl was a part of your Christmas when you were a child you will certainly love it .
 I love this operetta ! Saw it on TV as a kid & enjoy seeing it every Christmas season . Still timely .
 I wanted this for my Mom who was an opera singer and has played the roll of &#34; the mother &#34; in Amahl ! She loved & remembered seeing this version .
 This film was asked for by our residents -LRB- Assisted Living and Nursing Home -RRB- . It was a favorite past classic , that was shown on TV , but no longer seems to make the Christmas Movies . The discussion group that followed , was wonderful . It really triggered many memories for our viewers .
 This is my second version of this opera . I like both versions . Amahl was very good in this version . ok
 This was a series that truly made me feel at peace with myself and the world around me . All the characters are so innocent . This is definitely in my top ten anime series and maybe in my top five . This series is rated TV 14 but I am not sure why . I would rate it TV PG . Anyways on to the storyline.The story starts with a boy that travels from town to town named Yukito . He finally arrives at his next destination only to run into the most unusual girl in town named Misuzu . Misuzu ends up inviting Yukito to stay with her and her mom . He does and during his stay with them Yukito encounters many women with problems . He tries his best to help everyone he can in the town and the town grows on him . Mean while he still searches for the person his mom told him about called the lady in the sky -LRB- A woman with wings -RRB- . Yukito believes that woman is in that town . Yukito ends up making many friends and discovering a more beautiful part of life.The ending to this series made a tear run down my cheek and believe me it is not easy to make me tear up . You will experience many feelings when watching this anime and will be able to relate to almost all the characters without difficulty . I would recommend this anime to any anime lover and to someone that is looking for a story that will make their hearts hurt with sadness . If you liked Rumbling Hearts or Suzuka then I have no doubt that you will treasure this series.-J
 It 's impossible to miss the signature style of Key/Visual Arts
 Okay , everyone basically knows that this series is about a traveller named Yukito who is searching for a winged girl so I 'm not going to touch on the plot of this anime , as you can read other reviews , or better yet watch Air yourself . I will say that this series will make much more sense to everybody once you become familiar with the visual novel upon which this anime is based . So if Air frustrates you at certain points , try reading about Air 's various manfestations :-RRB- there were actually nine drama CDs and a movie released in this franchise as well . Please please please do not pass over this series , as it is one of the most beautiful anime 's I 've EVER seen . Once you look at this series , you 'll never go back to 2D cell art :3 I will even venture to say that Key/Visual Arts understands the essence of what anime is and creates it with the utmost perfection.HUGE SPOILER ALERT *********** Because most people are annoyed with you-know-who turning into a crow , I will briefly say that the crow 's name is actually Sora and he 's got a much larger role in the visual novel . When yukito begs for a chance to save Misuzu , you are shown what happens through Sora 's eyes . For some strange reason Sora and Yukito are ` one ' n the anime .
 This show `` Air '' is a true piece of art . It starts with a typical linear plot and a bit of fantasy and ends up becoming quite testing . The main issue seems to be a confusing or non-clear story as it moves on , but the real turn off for most people could be something unique by dealing with an untested domain of failure.Yes , maybe the core of this series deals with a problem , isolation/alienation or incapacity to bond with other people . This is widespread everywhere , nonetheless the American entertainment industry usually fails to portray or approach realistically . Japanese anime deals with it more often , yet still struggles with the challenge of reflecting it well . `` Air '' is the best approach to alienation that I 've ever seen and therefore the one that has impressed me the most in all my life.This show 's portrait of alienation surely uses much fantasy , but its drama and circumstances well make up for that lack of realism . This could be the saddest anime drama that I have seen -LRB- maybe 80 or so -RRB- . The drama gets as deep as in classic movies like `` Doctor Shivago '' The central heroine , Misuzu Kamio , beats Lara Antipova from my viewpoint . Besides , the fantasy is well deployed because it 's used to display a surreal atmosphere rather than the typical average situation of superheroes , superpowers , fights and more overused routines . Even the few fights in the show yield quite unexpected outcomes while keeping the art . The animation and soundtrack are also first rate as well as the English-voice actors , and I normally prefer to listen in their original language . I even bought the CD soundtrack . It seems the base of these qualities are Japanese values , like sharp elegance or work ethic shown every possible way , such as house chores.This series will make you understand why the Japanese can not believe that Americans enjoy anime . One big reason is that they normally watch what is already very similar to Hollywood 's stuff . This series , Air , is not like that at all .
 Yukito is a traveling puppeteer . He uses his telekinetic ability to make his puppet dance . He travels the country in search of a girl in the sky . He wanders into a slow paced town by the sea that is the home of many strange girls . He befriends Misuzu , Kano , and Minagi . The 3 of these girls all have strange sort of mystery and magic about them . He may very well have found the girl in the sky his late mother had told him about.I love this anime . Probably in my top 10 list . It is beautifully drawn . Every aspect of this series is top quality . The soundtrack and the voice acting are all superb . Yukito is played by Vic Mignogna , who everyone knows as Ed from Full Metal Alchemist . Monica Rial and Luci Christian star as Misuzu and her Mother . This anime is stacked . It has mystery , drama , comedy , and a lot of love and friendship . It is very emotional . Especially toward the end.This is another anime by Key , the people behind Clannad , Kanon and Angel Beats . If you have seen any of these you know what you 're gon na get . Lots of emotion . I ca n't think of a single bad thing to say about this anime . I love it and I really hope you check it out .
 Originally i bought this anime to add on to my existing cart since it was cheap , I did n't expect all that much for the price but after a few episodes i wondered how such a finely crafted anime like Air could be only 14 bucks.This anime is tranquil , relaxing , and has moments that just warm your heart and put a smile on your face . On top of that it has some amazing voice actors such as Vic Minogana and Monica Rial . The story of Air can be a bit confusing at first but just give it time and pay close attention . This is one of those anime that you can get lost in if you miss or do n't understand part of the storyline.All in all Air is definitely worth the price , though I will say that if your an anime fan that is looking for an action packed series I do n't think this is what your looking for , it has very little in the ways of action or combat scenes . With that being said i recommend this to any anime lover on a budget that is looking for an anime with heartwarming scenes and breathtaking animation .
 I did n't know much about this Anime and only bought it because it looked somewhat interesting . What a great surprise ! Do n't let the cover fool you . It is a quiet anime but without making you want to go to sleep . It has a fantasy side to it but in a realistic way -LRB- if that makes any sense to you -RRB- . It 's very emotional . . so prepare yourself for that . I recommend having some kleenex around while watching this series .
 I bought this DVD from from the reviews and let me say I was very pleased , you do n't know what the show is about till a few episodes into it and then your stuck and even towards the end you cant take your eyes away and the end is kinda of a tear jerker but I highly recommend this !
 I was hoping that this series would be sort of like Kanon , but the ending sort of left me flat . It was a good story told well , but I wished that at least the aunt and her child might get to the end . Oh , well . It 's a good story and I got really involved waiting to see how the characters would come out . The main thing I did n't like was to get the aunt acting like a real mom then kill off the reason why ! Sort of disappointed me , but I understand why . Anyway , the set will make a fine addition to your anime collection .
 One of Funimations best ever animes in my opinion , Made by Kyoto Animation just like Clannad and Kanon . I love everything made by Kyoto Animation , if you like drama animes you would to .12 episodes plus the 2-part Air in Summer OVA special on 3 dvds , Widescreen 16:9 , Rated
 The Air TV series is one of the greatest drama 's I have ever seen.To say the character design , art , and story are memorable is an extreme understatement.The inclusion of the OVA episodes makes this an incredible value.As with all things , I strongly recommend watching it in it 's original language -LRB- Japanese in this case -RRB- with English subtitles so that you can experience it the way the director intended.Overall
 This is one of my Favorite Animes . I had a copy before I bought this one . I got rid of it to make more room on my movie shelf .
 The animation on this anime , the way the characters are drawn and the backgrounds are the best I have yet to find . Ca n't expect any less from Key . I also recommend Clannad and Kanon if you 're into the animes that are drawn amazing , like me ; -RRB- However , no anime has yet to compare to this one . It is my favorite and i really ca n't say anymore than that ; it should be a part of any anime lovers collection.I also recommend Vampire Knight because it is an awesome anime as well as the man who dubbs Yukito in AIR also dubs Zero in Vampire Knight .
 I streamed this show online , so I could gauge whether or not I would like the series . I did at that time , just as I do now . The show seems to show a great importance in some parts , if not all of it . I could feel great emotion towards the scenes at the end of the story . It was that engaging.The only thing that I do not get is the complaint of a missing episode . After having read about it , I searched for it on You Tube and all I can say is that it would have made me lower my rating to a 4 out of 5 stars . We already get one episode that is kind of like a recap . Why should the audience have to suffer through seeing another recap?Overall , it has a great story and nothing seems to ruin it .
 This anime really does n't deserve the shaft it recieves . I admit it 's weak compared to it 's followers Kanon and Clannad but there is something about Air which you can not help but love it.Granted , the story is kind of incoherent at times but if it was twice a long as Kanon and Clannad , it would be much more clear about what the story 's focus is.As it goes , the story is about a girl in the sky who was cursed over 1000 years ago . Only to find her again would be a dream . Although it 's blantly obvious who that girl is , it is no less enjoyable and has a few side characters to make the story more interesting.Air is incredibly predictable but like I said , this should not get in the way of the story 's effect on you , because the way it is told is so heartbreaking . A sudden effect would not be as strong , so this is a classic build up attachment to the characters.The last few episodes and ending is where most people get really confused . I did n't really understand either until I rewatched it again and did some research until I knew what it was . Wo n't give any spoilers away , but it really was sad and evoked a few tears from me as well.I do highly reccommend this anime but if you do n't like sad animes that are just a downer for 90 % of the series then you may not like this anime . I personally love it and consider it -LRB- along with Clannad and Kanon -RRB- to be one of the greatest love stories ever told .
 It was a great anime i bought it for my wife and she loved it.The shipping was fast and the thing that beats all of the other great things i have to say is.The price i could not belive they were selling this series for that price i have bought many series from here and have never had a single problem i recommend them in the highest regard and if you dont belive me try going anywere else to get a complete series but be ready to spend a minimum of 45 $ .
 A great watch , when you want to kick back and relax , and you do n't want to have to think too much ! Mrs. Ann Z.
 The Series speaks for itself , a happy never after . Sad stories that with bring tears of sadness and joy upon your face .
 My tween has seen all the series from this writer
 This was a great series . Very sweet story , beautiful animation . It was so easy to relate to all of these characters on some level . Loved it !
 -LRB- Spoiler alert ! -RRB- Up until I saw this beautiful series , I had thought Angel Beats ! was the saddest , most heartbreaking anime I had ever seen , but Air was much more heart-rending than Angel Beats!The story centres around lonely , sickly teenager Misuzu Kamio , who is gorgeous and cute , but has no friends , and is a bit strange , to say the least . She meets and befriends wanderer Yukito Kunisaki , who is wary of her at first , but warms to her quickly . As he is homeless , she invites him home for a meal and a bed for the night . However , her foster mother Haruko Kamio -LRB- who it turns out is actually her aunt -RRB- , who is a bit of a chaotic character -LRB- regularly crashing her motorbike -RRB- , and drinks a lot , is n't keen on him . But , they muddle along , and various other characters join the plot . Sisters Kano and Hijiri Kirishima , plus cute dog Potato -LRB- who for some reason , does n't bark , but says ` Pico , pico ! ' all the time -RRB- , join the fray , along with beautiful Minagi Tohno , and the mysterious Michiru . I wo n't go into details , beyond saying the story is absolutely heartbreaking ; I never cried so much in my life . I was left bereft for days after finishing watching the series ; even now just thinking about it still chokes me up . If you are looking for something light-hearted and easily forgotten , do n't watch this ; if it does n't break your heart , you must be already dead!The Amazon description is wrong in that it says the aspect ratio is 4:3 ; it is n't , it is 16:9 . Animation quality is beautiful , as is the music score -LRB- some of the songs being sung by well-known and beautiful voiced Japanese singer Lia -RRB- , which sets up the very emotional story perfectly . Unless you do n't like sad endings , I can not recommend this series highly enough ; it is a keeper !
 Is one the great anime that will bring tear in your eye . Is very catching and heart breaking same time .
 When I watched the first episode of AIR I knew I was in love with this series . I always had wanted to find out the mystery that was placed in this , but it never seemed so big . Then I got to the final episode of 12 And I do n't think I could stop crying . Whether your an anime fan or not , you must watch this series for your kids , or your kids lives . Not knowing what I was going in to , I never expected this series to touch my heart and reach out . For anyone who does n't like this series , then simply they have no heart . As much as It has mystery , comedy , and laughter , AIR is a completely , a tearful series that I have one , made one of my TOP favorite anime 's ever.y-o-u m-u-s-t w-a-t-c-h t-h-i-s ! _ -LRB- AND ITS CHEAP ! -RRB-
 Air is a 12 episode anime with 2 ova . It is another great work by Key with series like Clannad , Kanon , Angel Beats and the up and coming Little Busters . For under 15 dollars this is a must have in your anime collection espically if u have seen and enjoyed any of the Keys work . Its starts off with a traveller named Yukito who is on a journey searching for the girl in the sky
 At the heart of this slightly convoluted fairy-tale lies a grim , yet utterly moving look into the life of a little girl and her tragic pursuit of happiness . Building upon life lessons such as the importance of family and the power of kindness , Air TV will keep you laughing and loving as it soars into its final , uplifting moments .
 I bought this series based on reviews and the description , and I 'm not disappointed . The DVDs arrived on time in perfect condition . It 's a short series that consists of two discs with short episodes -LRB- and a third disc with ova episodes and extras -RRB- . I thought it was funny at the beginning , how everyone has all these problems and Yukito is in the middle of it all , without really caring , and how Misuzu randomly falls . -LRB- this is funny until later , but I wo n't give it away -RRB- , but it all follows a strong storyline , basically about a winged girl in the sky who has bad dreams , and most of the characters goals , overall , are to find her and give her good dreams . It sounds a little stupid when you say it , but it makes sense in the manga . Anyway , I liked this series , and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a new anime to watch . However , it 's very short , so if it 's a long , dramatic series you 're looking for , I would not suggest this .
 One of my favorite animes overall . Right when you think it 's just another comedy , it slaps you in the face with wonderful story-telling and deep emotions .
 Air is a story about a wandering ` performer ' -LRB- who sucks at performing -RRB- , Yukito , who is searching for `` a girl in the sky '' , and the strange families he runs across . This is a rather touching story , with plenty of deep interaction , and well-acted , and well-written dialogue . The production value is top-notch , and it seems to draw people into its world . The problem
 Air TV is a beautiful series that has surreal moments that deeply touch the heart . Personally , I cried at least 4 times in one particular episode , far more than that throughout this seamlessly created series . It has the perfect blend of drama , plot , moe -LCB- cuteness factor -RCB- , and it 's a total tear-jerker . Misuzu Kamio has always been alone . One day , she meets Yukito Kunisaki , a travelling entertainer who is searching for the `` Girl In The Sky '' . The two form a bond that is unbreakable , or so we are led to believe . Misuzu always has a mental breakdown whenever she starts to get close to someone , which explains why she 's always been alone.One day , Misuzu begins having these sad dreams . She then tells Yukito about it , who then begins to believe that something is wrong with her.If you 'd like to know the rest , then you should buy the series . It was $ 13 that I do n't regret spending .
 Produto com excelente qualidade de som e imagem e &oacute;timo acabamento , mostrando que no &eacute; necess&aacute;rio pagar caro para se ter qualidade . Recomendo a todos que desejem ter um anime original sem pagar muito pois o frete dos EUA para o estado da Para&iacute;ba - Brasil &eacute; praticamente o mesmo do que voc comprar o mesmo produto em SP e mandar para o Nordeste .
 I thought I already rated this product but it was in great condition and played very well ! I love this movie !
 This is an movie that I enjoyed in my youth , and I wanted my children and grandchildren to enjoy it also . It is a great family movie .
 This is a classic in comedies . I have always enjoyed this one and you will to . It is a movie that the whole family can watch and watch again and always get a laugh from it .
 These movies where funny and beautiful Bing Crosby is one of the greatest actors ever in my opinion . If you love bing crosby this is the movie for you !
 An excellent quality DVD , sound track and image , of one of my all-time favourite movies . It was a bonus getting the second movie `` The Emperor Waltz '' . Easy to order and delivery was prompt .
 My son-in-law could not believe we had not seen this movie so we bought it for a vacation time together . It was interesting , not exactly what we expected but it was fun .
 I love this movie and was so glad when it finally came out on DVD . The Emperor Waltz was just an added bonus because I only got it for the first movie .
 This film is a delightful warm charter that got caught in two different time for the earlier age of the 1900 ` s to 527ad . A little untrue issues , but if you likeold music from Bing Crosby and touch of humor . You ` ll love this great Entertainment !
 Have viewed it and found the quality good , disapointed could not buy Connecticut Yankee seperately , have not seen the other film yet so I can not comment on it.This Bing Crosby movie of course is a song and dance `` Road Movie '' comedy , and not meant to be a serious companion to the orginal novel by Mark Twain . Buy if you like Bing Crosby .
 Well as my title says , `` Emporer Waltz '' was one of my favorite movies when I was a kid ... mainly because there was a poodle in it ! I was crazy about dogs when I was a kid and dogs play a pretty large part in this movie ! I 'll admit plot/script wise it is a little weak , but it was still pretty good ! And I really do n't even like Bing Crosby ! I listened to the other one while doing some other things and it was pretty funny too ! I think I had seen it before ... but I could be remebering `` The Court Jester '' which it is somewhat similiar too . . either way if you want to watch some funny movies from the 40 's or 50 's that you have n't seen a million times before I would reccomend these!P.S . It was a little confusing though about the way they set up the DVD ... I think the movies are on different sides of the disc , but they had options for both on the main menus ... oh well , it needs further investigating .
 Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court is a movie that comes by only a few times . It combines just about everything a classic movie watcher would want.a . A great story by the master american writer , Mark Twain.b . A great musical score in the classic music era of hollywood.c . A great cast led by Bing Crosby.This movie is a must for anyone who loves Mark Twain , Bing Crosby , a good musical , and good family fun .
 One of the cutist movies ever made . It 's a feel good movie . The theme is delightful and Bing Crosby sings some really exceptional songs that add to the fun and gayety of the film . It captures attention from start to finish . They really do n't make movies like this one anymore . I purchased this on VHS some time ago and had to have it on DVD since it is full screen and safe to view on standard picture tubes .
 The adaptation of Mark Twain 's book `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court '' to the screen left in the fun parts of the story and took out all the point of the book . The book contains many lessons and thoughts that did not make it into the movie ; one of the subjects is that the amount of money you make is only relevant to the price of a loaf of bread . However the movie is fun to watch and can be quite funny.An auto mechanic and inventor Hank -LRB- Bing Crosby -RRB- is transported back to A.D. 528 with his almanac . After realizing where he is , he uses his wits and knowledge of the future to survive . He has many adventures . He helps a King -LRB- Cedric Hardwicke -RRB- to understand his people , overcomes a tyrant and finds a loyal friend -LRB- William Bendix -RRB- . Naturally being Bing there is music and incantations to blot out the sun . Eventually there is true love Alisande -LRB- Rhonda Fleming -RRB- . The movie leaves the questions
 I bought this movie because I wanted to see A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court . I had n't seen it since I was a boy and I remembered really enjoying it . But I had never seen The Emperor Waltz . Both movies are classic Bing movies , where he is the Sauv&eacute; ladies man who sings his way into girls ' hearts , but I actually found myself enjoying The Emperor Waltz better than Yankee . It was n't nearly as silly as Yankee and it was quite romantic . If you like Bing movies I 'd definitely give these a try .
 This movie `` A Connecticut Yankee In King Arthur 's Court '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- takes an amazing book by Samuel Clemens and mixes in Bing Crosby 's soothing baritone and style , Rhonda Flemming 's ... everything , and William Bendix 's comedy to create a mood that you just ca n't shake even hours after the movie is over . Despite some of the musical style being a bit dated and one song in particular -LRB- I wo n't mention which one -RRB- that could have been removed from the movie , it could n't spoil the atmosphere created.Based on Clemens book that was published in 1989 , the main character , Hank Martin was moved up in time to a date of 1910 with the on-onslaught of the horseless carriage . This did n't spoil the story , but enhanced the separation of the times presented . The comedy was well played and set a model that other writers use today . The ` special ' effects were kept to a minimum and the story was focused on . Unlike the later productions put out by others including Disney , it can stand on its own as a classic.Overall , as I love time travel stories , I found this one to be more entertaining than appealing to my science/fiction inner geek . Of the set , this one was the better movie and has kept in the back of my mind since I saw it as a kid in the 60 's . `` The Emperor Waltz '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- was a nice re-introduction to the Bing Crosby personality . The role of Virgil Smith was almost written just for Bing . The overall story was shortened to fit within the time constraints . This made one scene a bit cramped as Joan Fontaine 's character , Johanna Augusta Franziska who was very aloof and cold , suddenly melts away in a matter of 30 seconds . If sources are correct , Bing was very heavy-handed in the production of this movie . While it is evident where and how it was manipulated , the humorisk style of Crosby will win out.If allowed to rate separate , `` The Emperor Waltz '' would have only rated 3 stars . It brought down `` A Connecticut Yankee ... '' from 5 stars .
 These are wonderfully entertaining movies . These ca n't be redone or duplicated . They are originals . Great stuff ! A must to buy !
 My 11 year-old granddaughter is a BIG fan of movie musicals . I got this one for her because it 's a favorite
 I purchased the movie as a Christmas gift . My children really enjoyed watching it . Best part is that the whole family can watch it .
 `` Pogoda na Jutro '' is a drama/comedy of a very high caliber . Director Jerzy Stuhr , who also plays the leading role , takes us on a dramatic journey with a unique story . What makes it brilliant is that it is just as funny as it is thought provoking and dramatic.The movie is about a father that was secluded in a monastery for 17 years to avoid political trouble . The first time he leaves the monastery is to play in a musical band with the other monks at a festival , where his son and wife recognize him and he returns to his family . While he was away , much has changed and his three kids go astray in their own ways . Trying to get back in good standing and make it up to his family , he tries to help them , which stirs up the hornet 's nest.This movie is hilariously funny at times , but also intense and makes you think . It really does take a look at actions and reactions ; one of the underlining ideas of the story is how some positive influence can have a dramatic affect on someone 's life and , on the other hand , the dangers that can result with the absence of a loving father . Sit back end enjoy as `` Pogoda na Jutro '' is an amazing psychological drama that will keep you glued to the screen .
 On the afternoon of March 27 , 1977 , the world 's worst aircraft disaster occurred at Los Rodeos airport on Tenerife Island in the Spanish territorial Canary Island chain . It involved 2 of the largest passenger airliners in production , a pair of Boeing 747 jumbo jets , and the horrific accident claimed 583 lives.Beginning from a point about 4 hours preceding the tragedy here , both aircraft were originally destined for Gran Canary Island to the east of Tenerife . A bomb threat and the follow on detonation of a device forced the closure of the airport here causing all aircraft to divert to Tenerife . With only 2 air traffic controllers on duty on Sunday and them not accustomed to handling the high influx of airplanes that were en route to their location , the situation worsened by the minute . Having only one runway and with ramp space and taxiway points getting clogged , it was becoming a veritable traffic jam at the airport.With all inbound aircraft later parked on the ground , the air traffic controllers had to be creative in devising ways to taxi planes to the runway for departure amidst the clutter that surrounded them . During this time period , low cloud cover encroached upon the airfield causing a thick fog which seriously limited visibility for everyone . Using an alternate but accepted method called ` back taxiing ' , the controllers directed both 747 's to enter the runway area to stage for takeoff.The KLM Royal Dutch Airlines flight eventually reached the end of the runway where it turned completely around and waited for clearance to leave in their new direction . The Pan American flight was still traveling down the runway looking for the side taxiway the controllers told them to pull into to await their turn to depart . Both planes were now nose to nose separated only by several hundred yards of dense fog and no possible way of seeing each other.Devastating events soon unfolded with the KLM captain beginning his take off without clearance from the tower and the Pan American crew , finally finding their exit point from the runway , began to turn off but there just was n't time to get clear . Traveling too fast to stop or veer , the KLM jet had to attempt a take off and it left the ground but collided with the top of the Pan American aircraft causing massive damage to each plane.Investigators from the United States , the Netherlands , and Spain worked hard to find the root causes of this tragedy and they eventually reached several conclusions . Although pilot error and low visibility were shown to be leading factors here , additional contributing elements were also examined.I 'd like to say that aviation standards have progressed well in 30 years in learning from this catastrophe but statistics show otherwise . In closing out this program , experts relate that near misses -LRB- runway incursions -RRB- are still far too common nowadays . Even though technology has been created to improve safety measures in this regard , very few airports in the country actually have it in place for use . Here 's hoping for a safer and more conscientious aviation environment in the near future.NOVA did some really fine work in this documentary in my opinion . The research done here looked very detailed and the presentation was excellent . For those who fly , do n't fly , and everyone in-between , I recommend this program to all of you .
 This episode of `` Nova '' is a standout for the normally very well made series . Narrated by Stacy Keach , the subject of this show is the deadly collision on the runway of two 747 's on the Canary Island of Tenerife which killed 583 people . It is still the deadliest aviation accident in history.The DVD explores the intricate set of circumstances that came together to cause the accident , and while human error , especially in the KLM crew , was the obvious focus of the episode , other deeper causes are analyzed . The interviews are generally well executed , although there are minor misstatements in places which do not materially detract from the points being made.I was pleased that the show did n't stop at the Tenerife accident , but discussed the implications of runway incursions going forward . The NTSB and FAA have targeted runway incursions for years , and many -LRB- myself included -RRB- believe that the relative avoidance of accidents -LRB- there are exceptions , certainly -RRB- in recent years is more a matter of luck than anything else . Although systems for mitigating incursions are in development , none has yet come to full fruition , and even simple things such as in-ground flashing lights signaling the entry to a runway are uncommon except at very large airports . One gentleman interviewed put it perfectly
 In March of 1977 , the deadliest plane crash in aviation history took place on Tenerife in the Canary Islands . 2 Boeing 747s - one owned by KLM Royal Dutch Airlines , the other by Pan Am - collided on a fog-shrouded runway . Almost 600 people perished.In this DVD , Nova explores the accident itself and the circumstances that led to it - such as the absence of ground radar , communication problems and the fact that the KLM pilot began takeoff without ATC clearance - while the Pan Am was STILL on the runway!It also examines recent incidents of runway incursions that fortunately did not result in accidents . Most fascinating for anyone interested in civilian aviation .
 As a former airline pilot I am very critical of news reports that tend to be so inaccurate that they are laughable . However , this video was well researched and reenacted . This accident was a key factor in changing the culture in airlines where the captain was god . Cockpit Resource Management or CRM was born from this and a tragic series of other accidents in the 1970 's that killed hundreds of people at a time , very publicly . Because of CRM and culture change the U.S. Major Airlines have operated at Six Sigma or `` 0 '' deaths per million operations for the last 12 years or so . Read John Nance 's book `` Why Hospitals Should Fly '' to see where this next culture change should take place .
 VERY GOOD DVD , NOVA DID AN EXLANT JOB RECREATING THE TWO 747 'S CRASHING INTO EACH OTHER .
 Very typical of Nova 's quality . Nicely organized with sections that contribute as a training scenario if needed . To those who teach aircrew resource management , a really outstanding visual document .
 I recomend this film not foronly people that have a real interest in aviation but also for people that have interst in human factors and administration under pressure .
 I enjoy documentaries on engineering and natural disasters . The scicence of accident investigation is very amusing and I enjoy puzzles and mysteries . This is largest life-loss event in aviation history and its a very interesting story on how problems with communication , systems , and coincidence can create disaster . There are some interviews with survivors , computer animation , and recreation by actors as well as news footage . The film includes some information on the changes in the industry since the PanAm/KLM crash at Tenerife that have made aviation safer.I do find watching the episode of `` Seconds From Disaster '' -LRB- aired by the National Geographic Channel -RRB- an important supplement as it includes the theory of a heterodyne that temporarily masked important communications between the two 747s involved and the tower at Los Rodeos Airport . This documentary preseted by Nova does n't include that theory , but details the official investigation quite well . 4 of 5 stars .
 This is a great documentary featuring actual photos and film of the aftermath of what still is today the world 's worst air accident . Here 's a recommendation for another documentary about a plane crash which happened in San Diego in 1978 . Return to Dwight And Nile
 This is a very good DVD , about 60 minutes long , with a mix of actual photos , computer graphics , interviews with actual passengers and crew and with FAA , NTSB investigators , etc. , and film of actor re-enactment . The computer animation of when the two planes hit is gut-wrenching . I ca n't imagine being in the position of anyone on the PanAm plane , or on the KLM for that matter . There is still no conclusion made , or reason given , as to why the KLM pilot took off without an actual verbal take-off clearance . This is a sobering film , and the issue of runway incursions is made even more serious when the narrator -LRB- excellent by the way -RRB- brings up more recent runway incursions , with computer animations for those as well . NTSB people and others state that runway incursions are still happening , and there could possibly be another awful accident -LRB- this DVD was made in 2006 -RRB- . Luckily it has n't happened yet . My thoughts and prayers for everyone involved , those who did n't make it and those who survived .
 DVD was in excellent condition , brand new . The Film is very good , well made , very good visuals to go with the story telling , however , this is a short version of the original film , that is the only negative of this production .
 My two year old and I watch this movie nearly every day . We love to sing along , get up and dance and even fall asleep to this movie . Not so educational , but great uplifting overtones .
 GREAT MOVIE -LRB- ! -RRB- THAT I RECOMMEND TO ANY SPONGEBOB FAN -LRB- JUNKIES , CASUAL FANS , HATERS , ETC. -RRB- . I 'M NOT GOING TO COMPARE THIS TO THE SERIES BECAUSE THEY 'RE BOTH REALLY GOOD , AND BOTH DESERVE TO BE BOUGHT!BUY THIS -LRB- ! -RRB- AND SEASONS 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 VOL .1 , 4 VOL .2 AND SPONGEBOB SEASON 5 , VOLUME 1 TODAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Overall the DVD was good and very much appropriate for young children . 3 Yearsish on . . we 're still watching Sponge Bob.I would recommend this for young children . It does have a few concepts that are not appropriate , but are presented in a way that is way over the heads of children adn does have a few scenes that very concervative parents may term violent . The movie is mostly an original concept and pretty well follows the Nickelodeon series in it 's approach , characters , etc. .
 My 2-year-old adores this movie and asks for it time and time again . The adult humor is funny enough to keep adults laughing as well but is still kid-appropriate .
 A great movie for everyone ! From my 2 yr old to my folks !
 How can you not love an yellow sponge and a pink star `` thinking '' they are men . Though I was disappointed in the voice of King Neptune -LRB- different one form the TV show and I LOVE John O'Hurly , think that 's his name -RRB-
 With these days , the younger audiences all ove the cartoons that Nickelodeon has brought ou to the world . Although cartoons like Jimmy Neutron and Rugrats have all been brought into the movie theaters as well , the distinction of most animated film is that they really do n't do n't all the time deliver . For Spongebob Squarepants , he has truly been one of the actual few who has not only delivered under the guise of animation , but as a icon that both kids and adults could watch together and just laugh to their hearts content . But , with a full-length film out , can Spongebob really deliver out the laughs.The Spongebob Squarepants Movie , is a humorous movie that is appealing to Spongebob fans of all kinds . The story reflects on Mr. Krabs opening up another Krusty Krab restaurant , where he names Squidward as the new manager , to Spongebob 's dissapointment , and rejection because he is told that he is too much of a kid . With that time , Plankton , Mr. Krabs rival , conducts his plan Z , and steals a sacred crown from King Neptune . With tht chaos , Spongebob and his friend Patrick head down to Shell City to reclaim the crown and bring it back to the king and his daughter , Mindy . The movie is funny an side-spliting for most , but there is one big disadvantage with the film , it is too short . I just wish that there just could 've been more added on to the plot . The movie was delightful though , as much as I enjoyed it by recently watching it when it debuted on the Nickelodeon channel last night.All in all , if you 're a die hard Spngebob fan , you 'll definitely want to enjoy this hilarious film , but for others who do n't have cable , they 'll just consider this as a rental . The Spongebob Squarepants Movie is a great delight for all.Movie
 There are 3 reviewers on amazon.com who all work at Blockbuster in Oregon , we all close alot together including a 4th customer service rep who is not a reviewer , EVERY SINGLE NIGHT that the 4 of us are somehow lumped together this movie is put on . Any one of us could be having an awfull night and this gets played and BOOM ! things just got a little better -LRB- but only a little , remember we do work at Blockbuster -RRB- Anyway , this has got to be one of the most fun , silly , hilarious , movies out there . It 's only 85 minutes , so ya never get bored , the actors who do the voices are incredible , and one huge surprise , the soundtrack is excellent . I downloaded every song and all 4 of us play it constantly . We also are quoting lines from it all the time ... Such as when Plankton proclaims he is `` going to take over the world '' to which Spongebob answers `` well good luck with that '' and off he goes to work , priceless.But believe it or not , Spongebob is not the best character in this , Patrick Starr is my main pink dude , whether he is singing and dancing to the Goofy Goober theme song , or insisting he is not a kid but still needs a toy with his kids meal , or even having a knee slapping contest with spongebob -LRB- ya go spongebob -RRB- . Be sure and watch his facial expressions closely , those alone will bring you to tears , specially when he is gushing over the mermaid he has a crush on.The supporting characters are just as important and hilarious . Alec Baldwin is just perfect as Dennis , a bounty hunter hired by Plankton to exterminate Spongebob and Patrick , also , Jeffrey Tambor is King Neptune , who just happens to have a slight `` thinning '' problem . Scarlett Johannsen is Mindy , Neptune 's daughter , and she is great in a scene where she fools the boys into thinking they are men . Plankton , Squidword , and Mr. Krabbs also have smaller roles , but still contributeIf you are having a bad day , and nothin ` is goin ' right , pop this in , sit back and get ready to laugh , trust me , you will ... alot .
 this is the best nick movie it 's better than a few disney movies i 've seen like atlantis and what i 've heard treasure planet was n't good either but oh well that 's how disney is maybe they need a movie that makes a HUGE impact on the world to save some of their movies !!!
 Crystal clear ! Always loved this movie but the blu ray just made it even better . The price was awesome ! My kids love it !
 I really liked this film and my favorite part is the Thug Tug scene . I also like the song that was used in the Trench scene which is known as `` Now That We 're Men . '' Hope the sequel to this film that comes out in the future is as good as this movie .
 My seven year old loves this movie . Now he can watch it whenever he likes , so we are all happy .
 I started watching this show as a kid . . and now I am showing it to my daughter . . WHO LOVES IT !!! haha ! The movie is just as awesome as the show ! &#60; 3
 son loved it and i did too , who doesnt love the sponge ? Get it , watch it , love it . bob 4 life .
 It 's a fun movie that involves SpongeBob ... kids LOVE . It 's 87 mins , and gives you plenty of time to get the cleaning and/or cooking done . Shipping and product was great .
 My two year old niece watched this movie about 5 times in a row . Who does n't love Spongebob ! Money well spent for some quiet time .
 Great movie for the kids . Suggest this for the children in your house . Worth the cost when you need a quick , break .
 As much as I try to be annoyed by SpongeBob and his grating voice , I ca n't help laughing when I watch him . My kids love the show and found the movie to be hilarious . It is a good family movie , no matter how weird the characters are ... . I appreciate that they try to throw in some teaching moments amongst the slapstick .
 Spongebob Squarepants has become the most famous and successful cartoon of all time . Now everyone 's most favorite sponge is comming to the big screen for even more hilarious nautical nonsense . The Spongebob Squarepants movie is sure to become everyone 's favorite movie in which critics rave `` a smart , hilarious adventure . '' Spongebob is ready for his close-up , so do n't miss it ! Coming to theaters November 19 , 2004 .
 there are some good jokes in this film and funny scenes . Worth the buy , that simple .
 i expected this movie to be terrible , but might as well see it . I was proved wrong . My favorite part has to be the scene at goofy goober 's . FINAL THOUGHT - buy , see , rent , steal , or borrow this movie
 This movie is very funny ! I liked the plot and the jokes were funny . I 'm not really a fan of Spongebob , but I liked this movie alot .
 This movie is the best ! It made me laugh all the time . I think this movie is one of the greatest I 've ever seen . If this movie did n't make you laugh , you must have no sense of humour.I would recommend this DVD to all the Spongebob fans in the world.I was glad I bought this DVD . Now I laugh all the time when I see it .
 Went over to some friends house the other night . We had dinner and a few glasses of wine and watched this movie . I could not stop laughing . I have seen bits and pieces of the TV show and always thought it was odd but this movie was just really out there . Mind you , I love warped comedies like Scrubs or Arrested Development so maybe I am drawn to things that arent for the masses ! Truely one of the funniest movies I 've seen in a long time.Hail Spongebob !
 ! Heather 's teenage son!All right , all right . What 's so bad about this movie ? Really . Sure , it 's got some crude bits but to me those are some of the funnies parts . And there is nothing wrong with Sandy having one line . She 's not that important of a character , anyway . Do you see her often in the show ? I do agree that Squidward needed a bit more screentime . I think he 's quite funny . I love the TV show , and I loved this movie when I viewed it in the theater on opening night . The ending is most definately the funniest part of this little flick.And for those who think he is homosexual ... You 've got to be kidding me . He 's supposed to be childlike , not homosexual . And what 's so bad about homosexuality anyway ? I have friends who are homosexuals . So , all of you overly obsessive Christians can go shove it . I 'm a Christian , too but it 's not right to bash homosexuality or the people that practice it . Sorry for the rant , but things like that do make me a bit mad.PS ... Patrick rocks .4 out of 5 .
 Relentlessly optimistic , drunk and defeated , man-child , sponge-man -- this movie has it all . Most of the parents in the audience did n't get it . But I 've been an outspoken SpongeBob fan for years . Hell , I 'll bet I like the television show even more than my children do -- and they like it a lot.It 's hard to describe this film , at least in a way that will do it justice . Is it great ? In it 's own twisted , surreal way , sure . It 's littered with double entendres , to be sure , and a few nautical butt cheeks , too . I suppose the studio insisted on the latter . The bottom line is that we need SpongeBob , maybe more than we ever did . His good cheer in the face of disaster is downright inspirational . Plus , he can blow bubbles with the best of them.The evil villain , Plankton , speaks for all of us when he says , `` His chops are too righteous ! ''
 The controversy over SpongeBob 's sexual orientation has been quite absorbing but nowhere near as involving as this very funny movie based on the popular TV series on Nickelodeon . Just in case you 've been living under a rock for the last five years , SpongeBob , Patrick , Sandy , Mr. Krabs and all the residents of Bikini Bottom have become the most hip -LRB- and funny -RRB- half hour this side of `` The Simpsons '' . More importantly , it 's a program that almost all family members can watch without becoming offended -LRB- well , except for those folks wondering about SpongeBob 's sexuality -RRB- . It 's a fun way to spend an hour and a half with the kids . After losing a treasured promotion to manage the Krusty Krab 2 restaurant because he 's just a kid , SpongeBob is the only person who can stop Plankton from taking over Bikini Bottom . Plankton resorts to Plan Z -LRB- having used every other plan in the alphabet -RRB- to frame Mr. Krabs for the theft of King Neptune 's crown . The diminutive Plankton hopes to discover the secret to the Krabby Patty and ultimately rule the undersea world ! Meanwhile , Spongebob and his dim witted friend Patrick must travel to the dreaded Shell City to recover the King 's crown and stop Plankton before it 's too late.Featuring a marvelous cast of guest voices including Jeffrey Tambor -LRB- `` Arrested Development '' -RRB- , Scarlet Johansson -LRB- `` Lost in Translation '' -RRB- , Clancy Brown -LRB- `` The Shawshank Redemption '' -RRB- , Alec Baldwin and , of all people , David Hasselhoff , the film may lack the sparkle of the best episodes of the series but it more than makes up for this shortcoming with a number of witty gags . Kids will enjoy the antics of SpongeBob and Patrick while adult males will empathize King Neptune 's attempts to hide his bald spot with his crown -LRB- he 's desperate enough to resort to Hair in a Can at one point although that does n't quite work out as planned -RRB- and envy David Hasselhoff as he uses his pecs to launch the duo back into the sea . There 's also a serious message as Mindy the King 's daughter encourages SpongeBob and Patrick to be kids and be OK with it.Featuring a great transfer with bright and vivid colors , Bikini Bottom has never looked so , well , animated . A very sharp transfer with few digital artifacts to distract viewers from the absurd images , `` Spongebob '' looks better than any sponge has a right to . The 5.1 Dolby Digital Surround mix is used to good and sometimes very comic effect.The 20 minute animatic segment gives viewers a peak into all the preparation work that went into producing the movie . Director Hillenburg 's comments provide interesting and sometimes funny insights into the challenge of producing a movie much less a TV series as funny as this . The behind-the-scenes featurette is both charming and quite funny with a glimpse into everything from creating the absurd story at the heart of this film to the hilarious recording sessions featuring the voice cast . There 's also a featurette The `` THQ '' game demo is actually quite fun but does n't really provide that much of a taste as to what the game could do . The Case of Sponge `` Bob '' features Jean-Michel Cousteau in a tongue-in-cheek short documentary . We see an informative and fun discussion of real sponges with undersea footage narrated by Cousteau with writer/director Hillenburg . `` Saving the Surf '' features Chad Nelsen , Matt McClain and Steve Pezman founders of the Surfrider Foundation discussing the importance of keeping our environment clean and the impact of our pollution on the ocean and our beaches . The teaser trailer for `` Submarine '' features footage of `` Das Boot '' , `` U571 '' and `` The Hunt for Red October '' intercut with footage created for the cartoon trailer for `` The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie '' . There 's also previews for other Paramount family friendly titles as well.A funny visit with the denizens of the deep , `` The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie '' will keep you and the kids entertained . The film does n't pander to kids and has just the right level of slapstick humor to keep adults entertained as well . Although it does have a serious message at its core , the film is a lot of fun .
 SpongeBob , one of the better cartoons of the last 10 years or so , makes his movie debut with this one . Like another reviewer , I was a bit disappointed that many of my favorite characters did not appear as often as I would like , but hey , you can not have everthing . This particular cartoon is one that can be enjoyed as a child or as an adult . I have been a big SpongBob fan from the beginning and was happy to see him make the big screen . All in all , I feel the character of SB will end up being one of the classics , along with Mickey , et al. . Recommend this one highly - ENJOY !
 The plot -LRB- no spoilers -LRB- well , sort of , but not really -RRB- -RRB-
 Having watched this with my child & company at the theater -LRB- and then at least 10 times at home -RRB- , I ca n't escape putting a review here . All of the familiar slapstick absurdities of Spongebob are here . The joys of Bikini Bottom -LRB- yes , that 's the name of the town ! -RRB- are present as well . Mr. Krab 's Krusty Krab fast-food joint -LRB- where Spongebob works as fry cook -RRB- , Spongebob 's bosom best buddy Patrick Star -LRB- as in starfish , ` though I 've yet to see a pink one in nature -RRB- , the square , schadenfreude-laden Squidward -LRB- cashier at the Krusty Krab -RRB- . Others have mentioned it and I ca n't deny -- it 's difficult to take a 30 minute show broken down into two segments and weave a cohesive plot over an hour . This film manages to make fair go of it , keeping the laughs flowing with new material , situations and an actual -LRB- * gasp * -RRB- plot . There are new characters , especially the pride-filled King Neptune and his thoughtful daughter Mindy ... but then again , Spongebob afficianados will remember the phrase uttered by Spongebob on many an occasion , `` By Neptune 's Crown ! '' . This movie gives some life to that phrase , as the plot revolves around a dastardly plot by Plankton to steal Neptune 's crown and Rule The Undersea ! He 's apparently moved on from coveting merely the Krabby Patty secret sauce by now.Positive messages about teamwork , friendship , not giving up , setting goals and then achieving them . Not too scary for the wee-wee ones -- even scary put-ons end with a chuckle . Two thumbs up for me , this is a funny family film grown-ups with a quirky sense of humor will enjoy watching with their little ones . At least the first 11 times !
 The Spongebob Squarepants Movie has non-stop laughs and bizzare jokes are rare in modern TV cartoons.Some people are saying `` this is just a dumb kid 's movie '' and others are saying `` this movie is more for adults than kids '' . Neither are true.This is a ` family movie ' . I do n't think many kids know what ` family movie ' means , there have been so few recently.A ` family film ' is a movie that is enjoyable for adults AND children . Most modern-day viewers are forced to believe that dumb films like `` The Cat in the Hat '' and `` Shrek '' are ` family movies ' because they have kid 's plotlines , although they are crammed with swear words and sexual references.Pixar succeeded in making the best animated films ever made and they made more money then SHREK . And the Pixar films are rated G . What does that tell you ? -LRB- The Incredibles is rated PG , but there were no swear words or sexual references in that either -RRB- . People have also said Spongebob is ` crude ' . Well , there are burps and a few other gross jokes , but it 's the most wholesome thing on TV , aside from Dora the Explorer and other shows made for children under age
 Albert Einstein , a man of all seasons , once said
 Okay , maybe my hopes were a bit high , but I thought Spongebob was going to be one of those rare feature-length NickToons that I 'd actually love . While it beats `` Jimmy Neutron '' or something like `` RugRats '' or `` Wild Thornberrys '' , it 's still hard to banich the idea that plagues all of those movies - that they did n't exactly develop a movie-length plot to go with the script . I liked `` SpongeBob '' , but the movie gets more mileage out of his charm than the fact that it 's a movie , and even my kids were visibly disappointed -LRB- my 7 year old insisting she saw the funniest parts on internet trailers -RRB- . The story - Spongebob gets a nasty surprise when he 's NOT picked to manage the new Krusty Krab opened up by his boss , the money-hungry Mr. Krab . In the hopping sea-scape of `` Bikini Bottom '' , where life is care-free , Spongebob wants nothing more than to prove he 's man enough to run Krab 's new restaurant -LRB- located conveniently next door to the old one -RRB- . Unfortunately , Plankton - Krab 's nemesis - has a plan to steal the formula to the `` Krabby Patty '' , Krab 's secret recipe , as part of his larger plan of world domination . Though embittered at Krab for not getting the top job , will Spongebob put it aside and save Krab 's restaurant ? Worse , as part of his evil plan , Plankton frames Krab for stealing the crown of King Neptune . The King is sensitive about his crown , both because it is a symbol of his power and because it covers a nasty bald spot . Persuaded by his spunky daughter Mindy -LRB- Scarlet Johanson -RRB- , the enraged Kind gives Spongebob and his trusty if dim friend Patrick 10 days to find the crown -LRB- Patrick bargains it down to 6 -RRB- . Along the way , Patrick and Spongebob share many adventures , and learn to find their inner strength as they battle biker-fish , hatchet fish -LRB- bearing ice-cream sundaes -RRB- , an assasin fish sent by Plankton and the compulsion to dance like a baby whenever somebody plays the `` Goofy Goober '' song.Like I said , it was fun , but no laugh riot - not even for my 7 and 5 year old . Neither knew who David Hasselhoff was -LRB- though I appreciated the joke -RRB- ; My normally brave 5 year old had to be taken out at one scene -LRB- the ice-cream bearing hatchet fish scared him to tears -RRB- . he was okay for the rest of the flick , but everybody came out feeling as if they missed something .
 The wife and I tried watching `` Million Dollar Baby '' two nights ago . She fell asleep . Last night , we tried watching `` Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow '' . About 30 minutes in , we looked at each other , shrugged , and turned it off . Neither an Oscar-winning drama or this swashbuckling extravaganza could hold our attention.But I 'll tell you what did.Spongebob Squarepants . Or , as my son has been calling him , `` Punjab Scorpion '' . Hey , that kind of sounds like a pro wrestler
 This movie rocked ! I am a huuuge spongebob fan , and had been looking forward to it for months . when i finally saw it , it went way beyond my expectations . It was so good i saw it two more times ! I would reccomend it to anyone , especially fans of the show !
 `` The SpongeBob Sqarepants Movie '' is an incredibly cute and funny film with some hilarious inside jokes and a message that is not preachy , a rare find for a kids movie . The big problem with `` SpongeBob '' is that the plot is way too generic . It feels used and dirty , like it 's been used a few too many times before finally coming to this movie . I believe that it would have worked much better without a plot . Just like the TV show . I always thought of the television series as the underwater , animated `` Seinfeld '' . I liked the down moments were the plot was not being referenced alot more than the plot driven moments . There is one other quibble that I have about this film . It is that Sandy -LRB- the squirrel -RRB- , and Gary -LRB- the cat-snail -RRB- , are hardly in it . Sandy is seen once in the middle , saying something that is intelligible . But that is it for the bad things that I have to say about this otherwise hilarious and thoughtful movie . The things people are saying is that this movie makes SpongeBob look gay , and that he is promoting an alternative life style . Wait a minute ! He is not a homosexual ! I do n't know were people get that , from his voice or the way he acts , but that is incredibly stereotypical . What are people ging to say next ? Mr. Incredible promotes steroid use ? I think that if the Christian 's are picking on this movie , a KIDS film , they should at least acknowledge the gratuitous violence in `` The Passion Of The Christ '' . The prime audience of this film may be off just a bit . Although it is marketed as a kids movie , it may be more for adults , as some of the humor is a bit more sophisticated . As it may not be as sophisticated as , say , `` Sideways '' or `` The Life Aquatic '' -LRB- both great , by the by -RRB- , this movie has more references to older movies and TV shows -LRB- I dare you to look for the lone ranger parody , and the KISS comics parody towards the end -RRB- , and less fart and vomit humor . None , actually , except for the opening scene . I enjoyed the subtelties and the sophisticated humor , but the stuff that goes over kids heads causes fidgets and mad adults in the seat behind or in front of them . The kids that go to this movie should be mature and old enough not to kick seats . Right there it makes you wih that the movie was called `` Seed Of SpongeBob '' . The plot revolves around one SpongeBob Sqarepants -LRB- expertely voiced by Tom Kenny -RRB- and his friend Patrick . SpongeBob works at the Krusty Krab , and hopes to be named manager of the Krusty Krab 2 . However , he is beaten out b Sqidward Tentacles -LRB- Rodger Bumpass -RRB- . All torn up , SB and Patrick get drunk off of Gooberberry Sunrises at the duos ' favorite establishment , the Goofy Goober Ice Cream Shop . Meanwhile , Plankton , the evil little green guy , is plotting to take over Bikini Bottom , the creatures city of residence , and to open an establishment of his inferior version of the Krusty Krab , the Chum Bucket , all over the city . In order to do this , he steals King Neptune 's crown . His daughter Mindy -LRB- Scarlett Johannson -RRB- , helps SB and Patrick go and retrieve it . All the while , they are chased by a series of dangerous things , most notably a hitman nmaed Dennis -LRB- Alec Baldwin -RRB- , whom has been hired by Plankton to kill the pair . I guess that it is important to say that King Neptune accused Mr. Krabs of stealing his crown , and gives the two five days to get it back and prove Krabs innocent , or Mr. Krabs will be executed.So that 's it in terms of plot and execution -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . The rest is all a series of vignettes puncuated by a plot point every several minutes . But this is a truly wonderful and fairly original movie . Go into it with an open min , and enjoy it for what it is.Rated PG For Some Language , Mild Crude Content , A Brief Drug Joke , And Some Comic , Surreal Action
 i saw the spongebob movie on the night it came out and i was impressed . the show got me impressed too because it 's funny , cute , and awesome . it made me proud in my heart . spongebob will be my favorite show , movie and favorite charactar .
 Hi all amazon customers , I 'm a thirteen year old boy and , I wentto see this movie last night with my sister and dad . It was like no other movie I had ever seen . Not only was it awsome but funny too . I woul highly recomend seeing this masterpiece of comedy.Timmy D.Why are you still reading GO SEE THIS MOVIE !!!
 It ` s hillarous and it ` s got great music.I saw it 3 times and i want to see it again .
 Tom kenney , Bill Fagerblake , Mr.Lawernace , Clancey Brown , Jeffrey tambor , Scarleet Johnson , and Alec baldiwn star in this great movie . Spongebob is the greatest Cartoon charecter since Wade on Garfield and friends . I love how Stphen hillenburg goes ahead and makes a great movieWhat worked : Who needs Spongebobs mom dad in a movie where Plankton is 99 % better than bikini bottom . Bill fagerblake steals show by becoming , finnally at last , a comidian . King Neptune also makes a great problem charecter . Also Cameo David hasalloff makes this actualy the perfect undersea movie since Titanic.What did n't work . -LSB- !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -RSB- I have to admit the bignning is rough for 2 minutes . Also Squidward only has 12 minutes on screen and sandy only has 12 secondes on screen.The bottom line : Go see this it will be a treat for the whole family and espishally Spongebob fans.Sincerly , Doug Laman
 I 've only seen a few episodes of `` Spongebob Squarepants , '' but that did n't stop me from seeing the movie . This is one of those movies that you just ca n't hate , because it 's so harmless , and Spongebob is just so likeable . It 's not the greatest animated movie ever , but it has it 's funny moments , and is very enjoyable . This is a good movie . It 's done with the traditional hand-drawn animation , like `` Home on the Range , '' and `` Brother Bear . '' I do like computer generated image alot better , but this is the original , and Spongebob is n't that kind of cartoon , like `` Jimmy Neutron . '' The movie is always for children though , because there are some PG-13 rated jokes for the adults , but Spongebob is such an innocent character , that just his laugh will make you smile . Some of the supporting characters are more A-List actors . You got Alec Baldwin as Dennis , Scarlet Johannson as Mindy , and Jeffroy Tambor as King Neptune , and I love how they included real life scenes in the movie . In the beginning , pirates find a chest that contain tickets to `` The Spongebob Squarepants Movie , '' so it 's a movie within a movie siutation . Every now and then we see the pirates watching the movie , laughing at the funny scenes , and crying at the sad . There is also an appearance by David Hassolhof , who starred in `` Baywatch '' and now he is just always poking fun at himself . I do n't know how many times I 've seen the slow-motion running , ala `` Baywatch , '' and this time it 's nice to see an actual star of the show making fun of it . I did feel bad for him during the scene where he squeezes Spongebob through his pectoral muscles to rocket him back underwater . That was just kind of mean.The movie is about Spongebob Squarepants , and talking sponge that lives in a pineapple under the sea . His neighbor , and fellow co-worker , is Squidward , and his star-fish friend Patrick is anything by smart . Him and Squidward work for Mr. Eugene Krab at the Krusty Krab . It ' t a fast food restaurant that is famous for the Krabby Patty . Spongebob believes that he will be promoted from fry cook to manager at the new opening of the Krusty Krab 2 . When he picks Squidward , Spongebob is angry at him , and him and Patrick go eating ice cream all night that leaves them hung over the new day . Across the street from the Krusty Krab is the Chum Bucket , run by the tiny Plankton , who wants to steal the Krabby Patty recipe , so he could sell them . He has gone through plans A-Y , and they have all failed , so now it 's time to resort to ... Plan Z ! He steals King Neptunes famed crown , and then write a note saying that Krab took it . King Neptune freezes Krab , and Spongebob and Patrick go on a journey to get the crown back , and they only have six days , but Plankton does get the recipe . King Neptunes kind-hearted daughter Mindy is always trying to convince her father to give them more time , but Neptune does n't listen . He even wears a bag over his head to cover the bald spot that his crown usually covered . Plankton finds out that Spongebob and Patrick are trying to get the crown back , so he hires Dennis , a cowboy like killer with blades on his boots , and Spongebob and Patrick go on their quest to save Mr. Krabs and get the crown back.When I went to see the movie , these four adults were having their own listen coversation throughout the entire movie , and I was guessing that their kids were up front . At one part , one of them said that this was a sick cartoon , and I could see what they mean . There is one scene where Patrick has long legs and fishnet stockings on , during a mock music video . They get a bag of wind in one scene , and towards the end Patrick says that he 's got the bag , and he turns around , and there is a bulge in his pants , but he has the bag of wind in his hand , and of course the David Hassalhof pec joke . The movie does go for some jokes for the adults , but they really do go to the extreme sometimes . There was another scene where Spongebob and Patrick are under a real intense , hot light and they dry out . I think it 's hilarious that they used a real sponge , and a real star as them dried out , but I did n't find it funny when the adults next to me were joking , hoping that he was dead , and the movie was over . Do n't let the fact that this is a kids show ruin the movie , because it 's anything but sometimes . After all , Spongebob has many adult fans , and college kid fans , and he 's universal . `` The Spongebob Squarepants Movie '' is a fun way to spend an hour and a half of your time , but I do n't see it winning an Oscar next year . If you want to see a more developed animated movie , see `` The Polar Express , '' or `` The Incredibles , '' both five star movies and computer generated image , but if you want to see something to laugh , have fun , and escape for an hour and a half , see `` The Spongebob Squarepants Movie . '' It 's too harmless to dislike.ENJOY!Rated PG for some mild crude humor .
 this is a decent movie . I mean , the movie is ok , but if you have n't seen the show , you would n't know what is going on . I have watched the show avidly over the past 5 years it has been on tv and it is a damn good show because it has a offbeat sense of humor like predesscors before it , Ren and Stimpy and Rocko 's Modern Life . It all starts off when Plankton steals the crown of King Neptune , He freezes Mr.Krabs because He thinks he did it but Spongebob says he did n't and sets off on a mission with the dimwitted star Patrick . They meet Neptune 's daughter along the way and she helps them have the courage to be men instead of boys . I thought the movie was pretty funny but had some empty spaces where I was just chuckling and there were some not funny parts at all . I liked it , but with my friends , it was a other story . They thought it was weird . The general audience was Teenagers and kids with parents . This movie was good but not as good as it was advertised .
 when patrick said `` we are the baby hunters , and do n't think we do n't know how to wee-dum-out . `` it was funny .
 Plankton steals the king 's crown . Patrick and SB go to a dangerous city and get back the crown . Lots of tushy jokes.Dad says
 I 'm a goofy goober !!! ROCK !! Goofy goofy goofy goober !! ROCK !! Now that we 're men , we have facial hair . Now that we 're men , I change my underwear -LRB- said by Patrick -RRB- .
 This is how I first got into the whole SpongeBob thing . I was taken to see the movie when it went into cinemas and I was floored . It was incredible ! After that , I got more into SpongeBob the more I watched it . And now that it 's on DVD , I am going to rent it as often as possible , if I ca n't buy it . To me , this is the greatest movie ever made . I mean that . It is so funny , cool , mind-numbingly insane , that I ca n't watch it enough . I would say that I have definitely yearned to watch it more than any other DVD I own . I just like SpongeBob . He 's a cute little guy . When I 'm down , the aspect of going down to a pineapple under the sea is perfect!But enough of the mushy stuff . The synopsis . * To myself
 was the funniest movie from 2004 ever !!! 2004 was kind of a wierd year for movies some of them did n't make sense but this one was the best next to spider-man 2 ok that 's for superhero movies but i love that one and spongebob too . the incredibles was ok but i did n't like it that much maybe enough to buy it but not watching it over and over and over like spongebob !!! i 've already watched this one maybe 100000 times !!!!
 You tell me : THE SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS MOVIEDive into a comedy-adventure that 's bigger , better and more absorbing than the rest - the movie debut of that undersea sensation , SpongeBob SquarePants!There 's trouble bubbling up in Bikini Bottom . King Neptune 's crown is missing , and Mr. Krabs has been accused of stealing it ! Together with his best pal Patrick , SpongeBob sets out to treacherous Shell City to reclaim Nueptune 's crown and save Mr. Krabs , in a spectacular adventure filled with `` over-the-top , under-the-sea action and non-stop laughs ! '' * Featuring the voice talents of Tom Kenny -LRB- SpongeBob -RRB- , Alec Baldwin , Jeffrey Tambor , Scarlett Johansson and a special appearance by David Hasselhoff , The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is an uproariously funny comedy . * Mark S. Allen , UPN-TV `` The movie itself triumphs ... '' - A.O. Scott , The New York Times '' ... The country needs SpongeBob SquarePants ... '' - A.O. Scott , The New York TimesPGFOR SOME MILD CRUDE HUMORSPECIAL FEATURES-The Absorbing Tale Behind The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie-The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie 20-minute animatic featuring the voice of creator Stephen Hillenburg - `` Saving the Surf '' Featurette-Special `` Undersea '' Featurette , `` Case of the Sponge'Bob , ' '' with voiceover by Stephen Hillenburg & Jean-Michel Cousteau - `` Submarine '' teaser trailer-SpongeBob SquarePants THQ Game Demo * - Full Screen Format-Dolby Digital1 . English 5.1 Surround2 . English 2.0 Surround3 . French 5.1 Surround4 . Spanish 5.1 Surround-English SubtitlesSpecial Features Not Rated * DVD-ROM MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
 First of all , to you all who said this movie stunk , YOU 'RE ALL IDIOTS ! This movie is great . People said this is a horrible family movie , wrong ! To the person who said if you think the movie is just as good as the tv show , then you have n't seen the show , I know every episode by heart ! The movie is a perfect comedy for all ages . Featuring two of the most funny characters in Nickelodeon , this movie is full of humour and surprises . It 's definately worth buying . P.S. -LRB- SpongeBob is n't gay , he acts like a little kid because that is what the target audience is . Duh . -RRB-
 Wow!This is one of the best movies i ` ve seen all year!I love it!It ` s really funny , too!In this film , we are introduced to some new charectors including King Neptune , his daughter Mindy , and more!And of course , the original charectors return including Plankton , Patrick Star , Mr Krabbs , Sandy Cheeks , and of course , the lovabale Spongebob Squarepants!You ` re sure to love this movie!If you see this movie , you might also want to check out the awesome soundtrack to The Spongebob Squarepants Movie !
 The Spongebob Movie is such a hilarious movie ! Loads of laughs will leave you wondering why there was n't such a funny movie released before ! This is a story about Spongebob and Patrick 's quest to find King Neptune 's crown , who is left bald if in lack of this crown . THis is all part of Plankton 's Plan Z , which was started to actually work . Even though it is very slap-stik , this movie will not leave you disappointed !
 I love this movie i seen it 2 times in the theaters , and bought it when it came out.For allmost a month i watched evey night , and somtimes throughout the day.Even adults can love this.My favorite seen is when spongebob sings `` Goffy gober rock '' when it showes patrick with tights on LOL . I laghed untill I allmost cried , but when i seen it the second time i didnt lagh , but i was expecting eveyone else to lagh but no one laghed . -LRB- must have been a though crowd -RRB- , if you have not seen it you must at least rent it , or buy it if you are a spongebob fan like me or anyone else , houp you like it !
 This was hysterical-my kids watch a daily dose of SpongeBob in the mornings-so of course I HAD to get his movie once it was released to DVD-SpongeBob gets mighty brave in this movie-not his usual yella bellied reactions -LRB- which I find to be incrediably adorable anyway -RRB- his spine -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- gets to be much stronger-it is a different side of SpongeBob-great movie !!!!
 I loved it . It was hilarious - an enjoyable aray of color . I love it . Patrick is the best .
 I desparately need to watch that movie !!!!!! I 've seen the series of it and it is sooooooo awsome !!! I know It could be a little babyish but if you think about it it can actually be a fantastic program . No wonder everybody would like to see the movie , IT ROOOOOOCCCKKKSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Me & my pals on Spongezone fourms & Spongebuddyfourms ca n't wait for this movie!It is gon na be great !
 I ca n't belive it !!!!!!! the spongebob movie is finally coming out ! the show that on tv rocks ! I love it very much ! I hope everyone enjoy 's it because everyone should like spongebob the talking cheese !
 In this movie Spongebob Squarepants is sent on a mission to recover King Neptune 's crown from Shell City . If they fail Mr. Krabbs will be fried by King Neptune because Plankton has blamed the theft of the crown on Mr. Krabbs.I like Spongebob . I have watched the TV show many times with my 7 year old . I had some issues with this movie , though . I thought that some of the images were entirely inappropriate for children . Also , when Patrick asked Mindy if she wanted to see his underwear , this was a little disturbing for me . The repeated use of the term `` bubble blowing baby '' was not something I really want my son to hear . The message of the film seems to be saying believe in yourself and that is all that matters but at the end Spongebob still accepts the manager 's job that he was turned down for at the beginning of the movie .
 I absolutely love Spongebob , and a movie would be awesome ! I CA N'T WAIT!Hooray for Patrick ! : -RRB-
 This awesome ! so cool ! so sweet ! i must see this movie ! How it goes , `` soon , the ultimate question will be awnsered . who lives in a pinaple under the sea '' in that deep voice ! and it looks so cool ! man , this is a must see for spongebob squarepants fans !
 My 10 year old daughter and I loved this movie so much we saw it twice . We 're big Spongbob fans , though . I thought the whole movie was cute and funny.It would have been nice to see more of some of the other characters -LRB- Sandy , Gary , Mrs. Puff -RRB- , but I guess they did n't really fit into the story . Maybe next time .
 The SpongeBob Movie was good ! The Only Problem was that David Hastroph did n't look like he was a human , when they made the robot version of David surfing . This is based on the TV show `` Spongebob Squarepants '' . Spongebob are gon na love this movie !!!
 I absolutly LOVED this movie ! The jokes were hilarious ! The quotes were SO funny ! I especaly LOVED it when Patrick said , `` Did you see my underwear ? '' Mindy said , `` No , Patrick . '' `` Did you want to ? '' I HIGHLY reccomend seeing this movie ! Defedently see it if you are a HUGE SpongeBob fan , like me !
 The Spongebob Squarepants Movie was just what I expected it to be ... funny ... in fact , really funny . The premise is this
 SpongeBob finally hits the big screen in this highly enjoyable story . When SpongeBob is passed over for a promotion to manager of the Krusty Krab II , things start to go bad for the gang . When King Neptune 's crown disappears , and Mr. Krabs is framed all looks dark for Bikini Bottom . Everyone 's favorite sponge , SpongeBob SquarePants -LRB- Kenny -RRB- must embark upon a quest to find King Neptune 's crown , save Mr. Krabs , and defeat Plankton 's evil plan for world domination . That sounds like a lot of work for a simple sponge , but he is aided by his sidekick , Patrick Star -LRB- Fagerbakke -RRB- . If you like the television show , you will not be disappointed by this big screen adventure . SpongeBob comes to life with bright , vivid colors and a story that will provide laughs for both children and adults alike . There is a mix of animation and live action sequences , and they work well together and fit the story perfectly . `` The SpongeBob SquarePants '' is as good as any animated movie currently in theaters , and is well worth checking out .
 this movie is so funny !!!!!!! the music is good i love spongebob
 The Spongebob Movie was just what I expected . AWESOME ! Patrick was funny , Spongebob was funny ... It is a Spongebob fans must-see movie !
 This movie rocks!It was very funny , and It is great for people of any age , especially kids . The Goofy Goober song was fun to hear . The animation was awesome , and a lot better than normal Spongebob episodes . The voices were perfect , and the plot was intresting . I give it 5 out of 5 stars !
 This was just plain goofy fun . If you 're a fan of the tv show you 'll love it . I loved the pirates in this movie also . One thing that I am noticing though is when you go in Walmart there is a $ 5.00 price diff on the full screen version as opposed to widescreen . I noticed this on Shark Tale also . I do n't like this trend , I think it 's a ripoff in a way because they both should be the same price . I much prefer WS but FS is a lot cheaper . Oh well .
 I ca n't wait until the movie . It 's going to be so big , so squirier , so spongier .
 I have absolutly loved Spongebob Squarepants ever since the tv show was first aired and have been waiting for the movie ever since . The trailers for the movie are really funny ! I will be there on opening day , no matter what !
 I 'M READY ! -LRB- ... -RRB- FOR THE GREATEST BLOCKBUSTER MOTION PICTURE EVENT OF THE LAST 2 CENTURIES . I WANT TO MOVE TO BIKINI-BOTTOM AND LIVE NEXT TO SPONGEBOB , PATRICK , AND SQUIDWARD AND I WANT TO WORK AT THE KRABBY PATTY AND GIVE MY WHOLE PAYCHECK BACK TO MR. KRABS AND THEN CRASH MY BOAT AT BOATING SCHOOL AND GET MY DRIVING TEACHER THROWN IN JAIL AND HAVE A KUNG-FU FIGHT WITH SANDY CHEEKS AND LOSE TO A GIRL AND GET LOST AND DRIVE A ROCK BACK HOME AND FEED MY PET SNAIL HUGE , GIANT , OVERSIZED CANS OF CATFOOD !!!!! AND I 'M 30 YEARS OLD , SO MY WIFE CAN NOT SAY NO .
 I saw this film opening weekend -LRB- Nov. 20 -RRB- and the next day with my best friend . Now I had been waiting for this film to come out for about nine months . Now , I ca n't say that I was totally satisfied with the movie , but it just felt like it was missing something . Like Spongebob and Patrick were the only ones going on the journey , but Sandy could have come along also . Or Squidward -LRB- I 'd pay $ 100 dollars to see how that would turn out -RRB- And what happened to John O ' Hurley as the voice of Neptune ? Jeffrey Tambor was a good choice but O'Hurley was a better Neptune . And why did they give him a makeover -LRB- lol -RRB- Well I guess there has to be some sacrifices.Now the one thing that threw me off was the Goofy Goober scene . That hangover was very shocking -LRB- lol -RRB- I mean it is a children 's cartoon , and they are using hidden ideas off of Ren and Stimpy !! But I still thought it was hilarious just a little shocking . The animation was gorgeous , not so bright . Very mild.I was glad Plankton was involved -LRB- half pint does not get enough credit -RRB- But the story line could have been a little original . Overall a pretty good movie.By the reveiws i read , there is a scene used off of Rocko ? Well , anyway , a good movie for a party !
 I was n't sure what to think , sitting there in the theater with my 2 boys & my husband . I knew there were alot of children in the theater , I never imagined I would hear so much adult laughter outside my own . I have been a Spongebob fan since he came on and knew I would like at least a couple things ... I laughed so hard ... What a great movie . I think this is a movie for people of all ages . When you are a little older you seem to really appreciate the hilarity put into Spongebob & Patrick 's characters . How can you not just bust up every time you hear Spongebob tell Plankton , '' ... Well , good luck with that ! '' It is so in his absolutely wonderful character . My husband -LRB- 50 -RRB- and myself -LRB- 31 -RRB- are the two biggest fans in the house ! What a hoot ! This movie , well , it ROCKS !
 Let me just say that when I downstairs to put this DVD in my DVD player , I had high hopes . I am a 15 year old SpongeBob fan . I mostly write video game reviews for this website . -LRB- See my Star Fox Assault review -RRB- . Anyway , on to the review.What makes the SpongeBob SquarePants movie and show so funny is how smart the humor is . Even though SpongeBob and Patrick act stupid , there is a sense of wit in the humor . Something you expect to happen next does not and something the total opposite happens . That 's funny.It is really hard to explain what makes the show and movie so funny . I have this teacher who is very strict and is 54 years old . He is the last person you would expect to watch SpongeBob , yet he does . Also , when a character for example is drooling , it will switch to a different kind of art view and show that person looking very ugly and drooling -LRB- SpongeBob fans know what I 'm talking about . -RRB- If you are looking for a comedy that you do n't really have to think when you watch it , definitely rent SpongeBob . This is a hilarious movie , probably the funniest movie -LRB- along with Meet the Parents -RRB- I have ever seen .
 I was a little disappointed to hear about David Hasselhoff 's cameo . It was fairly clever , but I 'm getting tired of this sort of shtick , where B-list celebs do campy , self-referential turns . Also , the `` star '' voices are pretty disapponting . Alec Baldwin is n't bad , but Jeffrey Tambor is merely loud , and Scarlett Johansson does n't even really do a voice . It really made me appreciate the regulars.The movie is pretty funny , and the special features are worth watching if only to see the actors behind the voices , particularly Mr. Lawrence .
 I 'm a long-time fan of the sponge , and this film managed to be exciting , riveting , hilarious , and surprising all at the same time !!! Definitely a keeper in my collection , and there are plans to release it on the new High Definition format near 2006 .
 Since I am a HUGE SpongeBob fan , I saw this in theaters ! It 's one of the best movies out ! The pirate scene was funny -LRB- see the movie to know what I 'm talking about -RRB- , the Goofy Goober scene was good , and the scene where the customer has no cheese on his Krabby Patty . So it 's a very funny movie ! If you are not a SpongeBob fan , though , you might not enjoy it as much . But otherwise , a great movie .5 / 5 stars .
 I loved this movie . It 's about Sponge Bob and Patrick going to Shell City to get King Neptune 's crown . ANd while SB and P are going to Shell City Plankton takes over the world . IT 's a great movie . See it .
 This movie is the best movie that I have ever seen I 'll see itagain and again and again.I think that Spongebob and Patrick arethe funniest chareters and I think who likes this movie thinks that their the funniest too.Whoever does n't like the movie why did they see it anyway I guess those people are n't Spongebob fans.I know I 'm a Spongebob fan and I like it SPONGEBOB ROCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've seen this countless time , opening night in theaters and own it for when I 'm doing homework . The humor as Spongebob seems to be is more adult and 80 's in this film then it ever has been in the TV show . Including a hair metal dance sequence . When I saw it in the theater the kids giggles at their heroes and smiled , but the poor parent dragged to bad kid movie after bad kid movie were laughing , jokes about David Hasselhoff , and a nut bar . It s a film knowing that the people seeing it are stoners and people not looking for the next Disney celebrity voiced Oscar fest but a film to space out at and simple enjoy . And out of the countless bad Nick cartoons made into movies this has to be one of the best , beating out Rugrats , Hey Arnold and Doug by a mile . And lets not get started on the last piece that 's come out of Disney in the last 10 year . So on that note it worth to see if you know its not going to be GOOD then its going to be fun at least , and simply enjoyable .
 This is a ridiculous movie but the kids love it ! Great seller thanks
 The Spongebob Squarepants movie wansnt a perfect movie in fact it got some dumb elements but it was a pretty good movie the jokes , the action and the humor where great and when i went to see it in theathers i so want it to buy it on DvD so i recomend this movie for kids and adults its a bomb .
 it soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooogood and awsome.If you have n't seen it i would suggest you do.It is funny , cool , horror < not good > < spongebob awsome movie watche it . ; -RRB- sincerlyI like eggs
 spongebob is the greatest show on nickelodeon EVER !!!! the others are stupid but i lked nick before when they had doug though just wished they 'd make another -LRB- ... -RRB- TARTAR SAUCE ! -LRB- ... -RRB- nickelodeon stinks ! -LRB- ... -RRB- why did they have to go so bad with their stupid , irritating shows ? -LRB- ... -RRB- -LRB- their stupid -RRB-
 ok this movie MAY have a few bad jokes but who cares ?? spongebob is the only thing on T.V. anymore that 's really good -LRB- except ninja turtles -RRB- it 's got goofy characters,brightly-colored backgrounds , disasters , goofy songs . so there is nothing remotely WRONG with spongebob i mean if you keep saying BAD things about him then we 'll lose the only reason to watch nickelodeon and LIKE it nick has gotten more and more stupid i hoped nickelodeon would have died but they brought spongebob in and he cleaned up their poor excuses for kid shows like `` fairly odd parents '' i hate that show it 's like their saying kids are the only smart people in the world !!! those parents are the most stupid , moronic parents ever !!! spongebob does n't have that at all !!!! when his parents are on their fine like NORMAL parents geeze if nick kept that up i would have to walk down there and slap them around !!! their dumb !! spongebob 's movie does n't have that and also some people said sandy could have fit in but this journey was for spongebob and patrick and them alone because this is a journey to `` mature '' ok ? they probably thought it was too PERSONAL for sandy because she does n't need to `` mature '' !!!! she 's probably already mature enough so that is why she could n't join ok ? so if you look at it in a certain prospective they wanted to just have spongebob and patrick alone on this `` maturing journey '' so that 's it with the journey
 I LOVE `` the spongebob squarepants movie . `` it was the BEST cartoon movie and i even like it more than `` the incredibles '' !!! it 's a short movie that when you actually start to get interested it goes by quickly and it 's hard to get interrupted with this one . actually `` the incredibles '' suffer a little bit from that problem !!! this movie is sorta like an episode from the show all it needs is a sequel !!! they should do another or maybe a whole bunch of movies that would be the best thing ever !!!!
 Spongebob was first originated from the TV show back in 1999 . Ever since it has become one of the most popular and funny TV shows ever . Nickelodeon thought of making a movie for this.The movie is about two friends who go and save the King 's crown on their own because they were forced and tricked by the evil Plankton . I am a huge spongebob fan and I watched the movie several times and it turned out to be really good.The makers of spongebob wanted to make this movie really funny . When that happens the jokes turn out to be dumb , and that 's exactly what happened in this movie . The jokes got a little weird and dumb , and it was n't really funny after all . Normally , if the show is funny , the movie will be even more . But it did n't really happen here . I think any spongebob show is funnier than watching this movie . The jokes in the movie are okay.Overall , the movie was entertaining and fun . If you are a spongebob fan , I suggest you watch this movie . It is really good , lacking a little laughter . More or less , it deserves 4 stars .
 I 've had this DVD for a few months and all I have to say is wow !!!!! I saw it in theaters and I was a little dissapointed . You can say.It just felt like the movie was missing something . Like it just ends . You really do n't get an epilouge of what after happens . I think the cameos were very good , only Scarlett Johansson had a dull voice , but it did match the character well . But I 'm not saying the character is bad . Anyhoo , my favorite scene had to be the Goofy Goober hangover scene . Okay , the idea of getting drunk off of ice cream might be a bit ridiculous , but the ice cream could have had alcohol in it . Overall , a great film !!!
 I think it was ok . the surprising thing was that SB and Patrick were the main charactors . what I think they should of done was add more charactors . but otherwise everything was ok .
 I had the pleasure of seeing this movie ALONE in a movie theater . That 's right -- by coincidence , I was the only one in the theater.SpongeBob is a pretty good animated movie . The opening sequence is original and funny . For some reason , it was n't quite as funny as the TV show is , but it was still pretty good . I missed SpongeBob 's squirelly girlfriend , but other than that I enjoyed every minute.Best part
 ok , duh this will not be an oscar nomenie , but who cares ? all in all , to me it was a really good movie ! `` You ca n't fool me . I listen to public radio . `` Squidward in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
 Plankton steals the king 's crown . Patrick and SB go to a dangerous city and get back the crown . Lots of tushy jokes.Dad says
 I am so excited for this movie to come out ! I love SpongeBob ! The previews are SO funny ! I loved , `` You 'll be asked to answer the ultimate question ... Who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? '' And I also like `` WOO HOO HOO ! '' That was just so funny ! I know I 'll love the movie !
 The Spongebob Squarepants Movie staring Spongebob Squarepants and Patrick Star is an exciting and thrilling animation loaded with action and adventure . This movie shows many different personalities of our favorite yellow sea sponge . He changes from a goofy goober and a knucklehead McSpazatron , to a heroic manly man with the fate of bikini bottom in his small , yellow hands . This movie is action packed and includes an amazing soundtrack and is a must see for the whole family.We begin with the second most important day of Spongebob 's life , the grand opening of the Krusty Krab 2 . Spongebob and his fellow companion Patrick Star , who is a big , pink starfish that is a little on the not smart side , are already celebrating by singing the best song ever , the theme song to their favorite ice cream parlor Goofy Goobers , because they already believe Spongebob will become the manager of the Krusty Krab 2 . Unfortunately Spongebob 's boss , Mr. Krabs , gives the job to Spongebob 's neighbor and coworker , Squidward Tentacles because he believes Spongebob is just a kid . Spongebob really wanted that job so now he must find a way to prove the Mr. Krabs that he is not a kid and he deserves to be manager.Only one person is n't happy with the opening of the Krusty Krab 2 , Plankton . Plankton who is the owner of the failed restaurant the Chum Bucket , which is across the street from the Krusty Krab , has made many failed attempts at stealing Mr. Krabs 's formula for his delicious sandwich , the Krabby Patty . He only has one more devious plan to steal the formula , Plan Z. Plan Z involves stealing King Neptune 's crown then framing Mr. Krabs . After stealing the crown Plankton sends it to Shell City , a place where no fish has returned from . Things are looking good for Plankton . Mr. Krabs is to be executed , thus allowing Plankton to steal the formula but one thing stands in his way . Spongebob and Patrick have six days to go to Shell City , get the crown , and save the town and Mr. Krabs.On their quest to save Mr. Krabs and prove that they are men , Spongebob and Patrick encounter many difficulties . First they must get past a deep , dark , deadly , and dangerous trench filled with terrifying monsters . Then they face a killer assassin hired by Plankton to squash them like bugs . But he is not the worst of their troubles . Finally as the reach Shell City they are confronted by a gigantic Cyclops and find them selves in a life threatening situation.The Spongebob Squarepants movie may be the most action packed animated movie ever . It includes many battles with ferocious monsters , deadly assassins , evil dictators , and a monstrous Cyclops . This movie also includes unlicensed children driving a sandwich . Also , Any movie with David Hasselhoff must be terrific . Another great thing about this movie is the soundtrack . It all begins with a great performance of the Spongebob theme song by a ship of pirates . A climax in the movie is when Spongebob and Patrick sing a song about becoming men as they get past the trench . The movie ends with a wonderful performance of the Goofy Goober Rock song which Spongebob sings and plays guitar for . Overall , the Spongebob Squarepants Movie is the best animated film of all time so you must go see it now .
 Mom , Dad , 12yr old son and 4yr old daughter agree , this is one seriously funny movie . All you Goofy-Goobers out there must buy a copy .
 I Got the movie Spongebob Squarepants as a birthday present last year . I had heard about it because some of my friends watch the series , so i had heard about squidward tentacles and spongebob squarepants , patrick star and plankton.I had watched the start of the movie at one of my friends house and i loved they idea of a square piece of sponge with square pants.Spongebob is not a piece of bathroom sponge but a piece of sea sponge found in the pacific so dont go thinking you can wash your hands with him ... Squidward is an octopus with only six legs -LRB- weird is n't it ? -RRB- Plankton is of course a cell of plankton and it crazed on the idea of ruling the world.And patrick is spongebobs loyal and trustworthy friend.These characters live in a world called Bikini Bottom based under the sea.The base line story is about SpongeBob and Patrick going on a quest to the `` FORBIDDEN Shell City '' where spongebob and patrick must find King Neptunes crown or the framed mr Krabs will die ! -LRB- i would tell you why but that would be giving too much away ! -RRB- The movie is one of the most funniest movies i have watched , drawn by the laughter coming out of the room my family decided they wanted to watch . . The whole of my family were in tears of laughter ! the movie has some very nice features such as riding the `` hasselholf '' . I feel the movie is for certain types of humour because whilst my family were in laughter i brought a friend round to watch and he just sat there and did n't laugh at any of the jokes even some of the most funniest parts he just sat there i ask him why and he just said it was not funny to the slightest point.I would recommend you buy this film as it is family freindly and is one of the best comedies out !
 By J age 9 , The movie is about SpongeBob SquarePants and Patrick going on an adventure to Shell City to find King Neptune 's crown to save the life of SBSP 's boss . Plankton steals the crown but somehow frames Mr Krabs.I like the movie because it was very funny . I liked the part when SBSP and Patrick go in the deep hole and become friends with the ugly hideous monsters . I also like the part when Mindy the mermaid uses her `` mermaid magic '' to give SBSP and Patrick moustaches . Another part I liked is when SBSP and Patrick ride on David Hasselhoff 's back to bikini bottom.So SBSP and Patrick set off an another adventure that can risk their lives .
 I bought this for my 7 year old son who loves SpongeBob . He watched it every day during the summer . I would highly recommend this DVD for kids and adults who enjoy watching SpongeBob . It was a delightful movie .
 Great movie ! Optimistic as always . Reasonable for kids to watch . Plain zany humor with no apparent agenda except to make you feel happy inside . I honestly hated SpongeBob when he first hit the TV , but then I watched it a bit with my kids . It can be really funny if you have an off beat sense of humor . What is truly good about it is that it is family friendly . It is crude at times , but the basic point of the show is doing the right thing , and treating one another with love and respect . -LRB- I know some say that there is a homosexual agenda behind the show , but one can also see that it is a show about kids ... for kids . I do n't see anything overtly `` gay '' about the show . Unless one goes looking for such things . -RRB- I feel good about watching the show with my daughter . I am amazed that something so successful uses the same formula to entertain over and over yet has not bowed to the negativity the world spouts the way shows like Family Guy or South Park have . This one is KID FRIENDLY !
 You know you 've seen a movie such as this too long when you 're caught by your co-workers humming the Goofy Goober theme song . Frankly , I hate the Goofy Goober theme song but it 's catchy and gets lodged in my cranium whether I want it to or not.The movie was pretty funny , my kids sure enjoyed it more than me . Dennis -LRB- the one Plankton hired to take out Spongebob and Patrick -RRB- was by far my favorite character . Tough and ruthless , he added a good counterpart to the craziness that is Spongebob and Patrick . Sort of reminiscent of the Tattletale Strangler ony edgier . And if you parents know what I 'm talking about , you 've probably seen too much of Spongebob as have I.The scene near the end with David Hasselhoff , well , I did n't really care for that . But most of the movie was enjoyable . For kids it 's great . They 'll watch it over and over .
 SpongeBob SquarePants is a brilliant , clever TV show and should be regarded as such . In these respects , this movie is no different from the TV series.The plot involves Mr. Krabs opening up another restaurant called `` The Krusty Krab 2 '' , and SpongeBob expects to be appointed manager of said restaurant , since he 's such a good employee . Unfortunately , Squidward is elected manager because , according to Mr. Krabs , SpongeBob is just a kid , and so therefore he 's not the right choice for the job . This breaks SpongeBob 's heart , obviously.Meanwhile , Plankton , who is as always up to no good , conducts another diabolical scheme to get the Krabby Patty secret formula . He breaks into the palace of King Neptune , a merman who rules the sea with an iron fist , and steals King Neptune 's crown . Plankton then proceeds to pin the crime on Mr. Krabs.King Neptune is of course incensed about this , because -LRB- 1 -RRB- the crown is a symbol of his kinglike authority and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it covers his bald spot . So he goes to set Mr. Krabs on fire . SpongeBob is determined to save Mr. Krabs and also prove that he 's not just a kid , so he offers to go and retrieve Neptune 's crown , which is now in the forbidden Shell City . King Neptune is of course skeptical , to say the least , about SpongeBob 's offer , because he , too , thinks SpongeBob is just a kid . However , Neptune 's daughter Mindy , who is much more compassionate than her father , convinces him to accept SpongeBob 's offer , granting Mr. Krabs a six-day reprieve . So SpongeBob and Patrick go off on a quest to save the day.Unfortunately , King Neptune decides that Mr. Krabs should stay frozen in ice until the time of his sentence , so Plankton takes this opportunity to sneak in and get the Krabby Patty formula . And as if that was n't bad enough , he also sends a hit man named Dennis after SpongeBob and Patrick , and he also puts all of Bikini Bottom under his mind control.This is one of the best movies I 've ever seen , to say the least . The voice acting is really well done , the writing is exceptionally clever , and the animation is also really good.After watching it , I found it a little hard to believe that so many people had ugly things to say about it.My personal favorite parts included the beginning , with the live-action pirates going to the movies and singing the SpongeBob SquarePants theme song.This scene is also entertaining if you view it using the French language track -LRB- `` Bob L'Eponge Carre ! '' -RRB- . I also liked where SpongeBob steps on Plankton and then tries to scrape him off his shoe ; Mr. Lawrence -LRB- Plankton 's voice actor -RRB- is really good at screaming . In fact , he 's really good , period , but being really good at screaming gets extra points in my book.There is also this one part where Neptune 's baldness is exposed in the Krusty Krab , causing the crowd to scream in terror -LRB- `` BALD !!! BALD !!! BALD !!! BALD !!! '' `` MY EYES !! '' -RRB- . You really just have to see it to get the full effect.And then there is this part where David Hasselhoff has an unexpected live-action cameo . This is also something you have to see in order to get the full effect.In conclusion , contrary to practically every other review you 're likely to see , this movie is great , and I highly recommend getting it . It 's well worth seeing again and again .
 sponge is the best . this movie is all about spongebob acting like a man for the first time and devoding -LRB- sorry im not the best speller -RRB- his life to save mr.crabs life . how nice . my dad and mom flip for spongebob too . this movie was made to humer kids and their parents . all im saying is `` wow '' . good job nickelodeon and parmant pictures . this movie put a smile on my face . my opinion dosnt mean anything you have to rent it and see for yourself how good and funny this movie can be . now the quastion is are you reday for this movie ?
 As a 40-something animation freak who still thinks Looney Tunes are the greatest , I somehow ignored SpongeBob SquarePants until I got my hands on this movie . Now , I think these just might be the greatest cartoon characters since Bugs , Daffy and company . The movie 's different from the TV cartoons , as I 'd learn after seeing a few of the latter , but the whole package is unique , colorful , imaginative and laugh-out-loud funny . Unlike the wacky sketches that make up the TV version , the movie brings SpongeBob and Patrick -LRB- Squidward 's relatively quiet here -RRB- out of Bikini Bottom and on the road to someplace called `` Shell City '' , where no sea creature ever gets out alive . They have to recover King Neptune 's crown , which the evil Plankton has stolen - and pinned the blame on a now-frozen Mr. Krabs.See SpongeBob cry his eyes out and get drunk on ice cream cocktails ! See Plankton put Chum Buckets on everyone 's head and electrocute them into zombies ! See Shell City - a beach knick-knack shop - and watch what happens when a crying SpongeBob lets his tears hit the light bulbs -LRB- fantastic sequence -RRB- ! These and more imaginative bits make up the fast-moving adventure -LRB- although , as some have noted , the rock n'roll climax is a bit lame -RRB- , an expanded - not weakened - take on the original TV cartoon concept . Even David Hasselhoff , who swims the boys back home , looks like he 's really enjoying himself instead of playing the surfing pretty boy.All the regular characters and voice cast are joined by pompous , balding Jeffrey Tambor as pompous , balding mer-man King Neptune ; the gifted young Scarlett Johansson as his kindly crown princess daughter , Mindy the Mermaid ; a growling Alec Baldwin as the biker hit-man Dennis ; and , as noted , David Hasselhoff in both human and 15-foot model form . They 're all introduced , along with creator/director Stephen Hillenberg , on one of several featurettes included ; my favorite voices are Tom Kenny -LRB- SpongeBob -RRB- among regulars and Johansson among the guests.There 's one great extra here , which is also a reminder that Hillenberg is also a trained oceanographer . He 's part of a film with none other than Jean-Michel Cousteau , who initially asks -LRB- in his thick Gallic accent -RRB- `` we have a new species of sponge called - Bob Square Pants ? '' -LRB- Too funny ? -RRB- Then , Cousteau shows off the real aquatic counterparts to the animated characters . It 's a treat to see genuine sponges , squids , sea stars -LRB- not `` starfish '' , thank you -RRB- , and even the rare frog fish -LRB- that 's the thing which almost devours SpongeBob and Patrick after offering them a phony ice cream cone -RRB- . If you have n't seen a Cousteau film in a while - or if you 're a kid and have never seen one - you 'll get a kick out of this . `` The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie '' is the real `` Life Aquatic '' , and a lot funnier - and less pretentious - than that pompous Bill Murray vehicle . Now , I 'm ready to plunge into the TV/DVD compilations !
 When I heard that the creators of Spongebob Squarepants were going to attempt a full-length motion picture , I was a bit skeptical . But after watching the movie I am a believer . They managed to take the half-hour television series to the big screen with complete success.The show starts off with Spongebob expecting to become the manager of the new Krusty Krab II . But when Mr. Krabs decides to make Squidward the new manager , Spongebob is told by his boss that he is just a kid and not ready for the responsibilities of being a manager . And that sets the ball rolling.Plankton has one last plan -LRB- in the Z-file -RRB- to try and steal the Krabby Pattie secret recipe . I do n't want to give the plot away , so I wo n't tell you if his devious plan succeeds or not . But what I will tell you is that the movie has some very funny parts , some very well-thought-out parts , and the same charm found in the television series . It was entertaining from beginning to end.Spongebob and Patrick are hilarious together , and it was great to see them set out on a seemingly impossible adventure where they had to confront sea monsters , tough desperadoes , ice-creme hangovers , rejection , a giant ditch , bubble haters , a car-jacker , and a dimwitted and bald King Neptune.Rent or buy this movie right away , grab the family and sit down to a total delight . Watch out for the pirates though!See ya next review .
 This movie is awesome ... its funny to just about anyone who watches it , no matter how old they are . Its just a great tale and its soo funny , and een kinda sad at other times . . Love This Movie !!!!
 I LOVE Spongebob Squarepants , but even I will admit that every so often they make an episode that does n't quite measure up to the show 's usual quality . And judging by past cartoon movies , I had the feeling that this one would be basically lame , unfunny , and uncreative , with one mediocre joke after another like a couple of episodes strung together ... and not something you 'd want to watch again . I 'm glad to say my preconceptions were totally wrong and blown out of the water -- pardon the pun -- by the actual film itself!Spoilers here , so beware . It began with a pirate crew sailing their ship , partying joyfully on their way to see the Spongebob movie . The film itself had a pleasingly coherent , original plot , not the rehashed and tediously assembled excuse for a plot I expected it to have . Mindy was a rather cute mermaid -LRB- but the best part of her was Patrick drooling over her and saying , `` She 's perdy , Spongebob ! '' and `` You 're hot ! '' -RRB- King Neptune was not the same god Neptune from the series , but I suppose that was intentional . -LRB- Maybe the god should have been labeled as Poseidon or something ? -RRB- Anyway , I found myself and my brother getting far more laughs out of this movie than I thought we would . The Goofy Goober song , the Thug Tug , the frogfish with a luring tongue shaped like an old lady selling ice cream , the Shell City giftshop in which the dried-out sealife is revived by Spongebob and Patrick , the heroes , and avenges themselves on the evil diver , the ride back to Bikini Bottom on David Hasselhoff ... it all adds up to a very pleasing film . Sandy has perhaps the most disappointingly small role . Squidward , Mr. Krabbs , and of course the plan Z-enacting Plankton and his computer wife Karen make their appearances and are at nothing less than their best.Spongebob 's movie has some truly great moments and lines in it ; many of the best expressions I 've ever seen on the characters ' faces were used here , and many of the jokes are genuinely hilarious . Yes , most of the humor is pretty silly and childish , but that is part of the charm -LRB- and the meaning -RRB- of the film.In the great tradition of wonderful undersea films of late like `` Finding Nemo '' and `` Shark Tale , '' this movie carries its message about respecting ocean life and the DVD special features include a fantastic featurette with Jean-Michel Cousteau and Stephen Hillenburg -LRB- as well as most of the voice actors . -RRB- You 'll find out things you did n't know -LRB- Squidward 's an octopus , man -RRB- and hear from the people who made the show . This movie is a fine and surprising example of how Nickelodeon can really make a good cartoon into a good film if they actually have a great idea to begin with and they give it their all .
 I just had to get this for my son.He is a huge Spongebob fan , and I have to admit , so am I ! After seeing it just once on Nickelodeon , he wanted to watch it over and over again , and now he can !
 my kids really enjoy the movie , i actually enjoy the movie as well . What impressed me the most is how fast my order was delivered to me .
 I personally love this movie . I am a fan of the series and I just had to see this movie . So , the very day it came out , I bought it and watched it with my family.And guess what ! I loved it ! SpongeBob & Patrick go after Neptune 's crown in order to save Mr. Krabs from being incenterated by Neptune . While this is going on , Plankton -LRB- who is the one who actully stole Neptune 's crown and has conquered Bikini Bottom -RRB- send a bounty hunter to stop SpongeBob and Patrick from retrieving it from Shell City.All this plus David Hasselhoff and bubble hating tough guys too!And SpongeBob and Patrick have to face monsters and a giant Cyclops -LRB- a man in an old fashion diving suit!A great movie with a great voice cast and a great story make this a treat for fans and non-fans alike . So , what are you waiting for ? Buy this great DVD and enjoy it again and again .
 My 20 month old daughter LOVES Spongebob ! As a family we all watch it and all love it ! This movie is great for a family fun filled night . It is also great when mom 's need to get work done around the house , pop the movie in and your children will be entertained ! Enjoy !!!!!!!
 I RECEIVED THE WRONG DISC IN THE CASE OF THE DVD I PURCHASED . I CONTACTED THE SELLER AND THE PROBLEM WAS TAKEN CARE OF IMMEDIATELY . I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THE PROMPTNESS AND COURTEOUS SERVICE .
 My two boys love watching Spongebob Squarepants so I thought I 'd buy the movie to add to their dvd collection and they enjoy watching it.Great movie for any Spongebob fans .
 Product arrived ahead of schedule and in excellent condition . Played the movie and all works well . All orders should go so smoothly ! Thanks !
 My two children have always been intrigued with Sponge Bob cartoons . My husband and I finally broke down and bought our 6 year old the movie when he lost his two front teeth . His `` Tooth Fairy '' has never been so popular . Both children LOVE it . As parents , we think it 's silly ... but I guess that the point ... the kids are entertained .
 If you are a big Spongebob fan , you 'll love this ! Spongebob desperately wants to be the new manager at The Krusty Krab 2 . After Mr. Krabs gives the job to Squidward , Spongebob is very depressed and goes to the Goofy Goober to have ice cream with his best friend , Patrick . The next day , King Neptune 's crown has been stolen by Plankton and the evidence points to Mr. Krabs . Although Spongebob is still pissed at Mr. Krabs , he wants to help find the crown before King Neptune will execute Krabs . Spongebob and Patrick head to Shell City to find the crown . -LRB- I love when Spongebon jams down onb a guitar toward the end ! -RRB- Since they are a little dim-witted , they get into a lot of misadventures along the way . Will Spongebob and Patrick get the crown , save the town , and Mr. Krabs ? If you love Spongebob , you 'll love THE SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS MOVIE !!!
 I loved this movie from the time I first saw it . As soon as I saw the title I thought `` I 'd better get this on DVD '' . Thre WERE a few parts I did n't get -LRB- and still do n't -RRB- And parts I did n't get then figured out but did n't think was funny and some I did n't get but figured out and thought it was really funny . I 've watched this over one skillion . times . Adults , teenagers , and children will love the movie of a very spongey loveable guy and his friends
 If you are reading this review , you are kind of sort of wasting the time you could be spending either ordering or watching this movie . It could cheer up the dead , if they were n't already buried . Try showing this to the next freshly-minted corpse you come by and watch them come right back from the abyss and do the Goofy Goober dance ! It 's a bit unnerving , and you have to put them back down with a bullet in the brain , but this movie is THAT good !
 I ca n't really say much since I actually bought this for my nephew . I guess it is good since he was pretty happy to have it . And he seems to watch over , and over , and over , and over again =-RRB- !
 Movie was shipped in short time ...
 While it 's not winning any Oscars , this is a great flippin ' movie . Are ya ready kids ? I ca n't hear you!Sponge Bob sets off on an epic journey with his mildly retarded friend Patrick to retrieve King Neptune 's bald-spot-covering crown from Shell City . His motivation also comes from the fact that his perpetual curmudgeon boss , Mr. Crabs , is frozen and wrongfully accused of stealing the crown.Spoiler alert
 If your family loves Sponge Bob Square Pants as much as we do , this is a fun and harmless night 's entertainment . Grab a few Krabby Patties , a kelp shake , and enjoy the movie !
 This movie is hilarious ! Great mix of all of the great things about Sponge Bob Square Pants . If you are a Sponge Bob fan make sure you watch this . I enjoy watching it with the kids . Just a sidenote - my children are a little older and I do not mind terribly , but I know some parents do . Moments involving crude humor like flatulence and use of words like
 i had lost my old spongebob movieyes i know im old but i have my inner child i must entretain!and the movie was not scratched at allbrand new lookingand it came in the original case too !
 My son really enjoyed the SpongeBob movie seeing as it was his favorite when he was a child . He is now 16 and SpongeBob is still his favorite .
 This move is awume I watch it all of the time the characters in this film are really funny . Highly recommend
 The kids love Sponge bob and this movie did n't dissappoint . Just like all Sponge bob movies and clips . two more words
 I LOVED THIS MOVIE !!!! THE BEGINNING HAD THE SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS THEMESONG AND AFTER THE THEME SONG THEY HAD SPONGE BOB DANCING A JIG !!!! IT WAS SO COOL !!!! I LOVED IT AND THE BIGGER PINNAPLE WAS DANCING SO HARD IT WENT INTO OUTER SPACE TO THE PLANET NEPTUNE AND BECAME A ROAST CHICKEN !!!!
 I LOVED THIS MOVIE !!!! THE BEGINNING HAD THE SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS THEMESONG AND AFTER THE THEME SONG THEY HAD SPONGE BOB DANCING A JIG !!!! IT WAS SO COOL !!!! I LOVED IT AND THE BIGGER PINEAPPLE WAS DANCING SO HARD IT WENT INTO OUTER SPACE TO THE PLANET NEPTUNE AND BECAME A ROAST CHICKEN !!!!
 plalkton steals king neptunes crown and it is up to spongebob and patrick to get king neptunes crown i did not see anythingadlut orientid this movie is rated pg becasue of mild crude humer -LSB- not the kind of crude humer you see in rated r moviesthis movie is fuuny every spongebob fan suold see it .
 I 'm a huge fan of the show so I had to see the movie . This movie is unbelievably hilarious . If you 're an adult who wants to go see a funny movie but they 're all rated R and the kids are home so you ca n't go then go with them to this . I know some people who have n't seen it will be like , `` Right . This movie looks like it 's for kids . '' Well think again . Most of the jokes in this movie are VERY hidden and only teens and adults will catch on -LRB- the Goofy Goober Nut Bar scene is one of them -RRB- . And the kids will laugh at the occasional fart jokes too . And to give you a heads-up about a funny part then read this and if you do n't want to read it then stop reading here.When Spongebob sings the `` Goofy Goober Rock '' song watch when he 's screaming into the microphone on the Krusty Krab floor when the mind-slaves are walking toward him and look at what he 's doing . SO FUNNY
 this a fuuny movie sponge bob is acool icant that oter pepledont like it and why is everyone is making a big deal aboutthecast -LSB- other then spongebob and patrick -RSB- not biang in themovie by the way this movie is coming out on dvd march 1 2005
 After reading some negative reviews for this film , I was pleasantly surprised at how funny -LRB- with a touch of demented -RRB- this movie was . When I see reviews stating things like `` Worst animated film of 2004 '' I have to wonder if they were either a -RRB- a fan of the show and or b -RRB- at the same movie I was at . Also to the reviewer who said `` I 'd rather watch a 24/7 marathon of the Teletubbies '' ... I 'd say , I dare ya ! I will say that I probably could 've went my whole life without seeing Patrick in fishnet stockings , not to mention his bare necessities!Spongebob the movie seemed like a 99 minute episode . It has all the same goofy , zany , and downright strange humor of the half hour you watch on TV . I thought that outside characters like Dennis -LRB- Alec Baldwin -RRB- and the real life David Hasslehoff would be dumb and they were , but in a good way . I noticed in the audience tonight -LRB- opening night -RRB- there were mostly parents with their children , but there were also some couples like my 28 year old self who actually got my girlfriend to go with me -LRB- is that love or what ?! -RRB- . I heard adults laughing more than kids many times . I think that 's Spongebob 's appeal though , it 's fun for kids , but some adults -LRB- especially fans of Ren & Stimpy or Beavis & Butthead -RRB- can crack up too . I would go into the plot but ... ok I will ... Spongebob and Patrick set out to find the crown of King Neptune , so he can thaw out Mr. Krabs who Neptune thinks stole it ... still with me ? Good . So SB and `` Pat '' jump in their Krabby Patty mobile -LRB- complete with pickles for wheels -RRB- and embark on their quest . Along the way they get help from Neptune 's daughter Mindy who gives them a magic `` bag of wind '' and turns them into men by strategically placing seaweed on their faces as moustaches . Meanwhile Plankton is up to no good and the evil Dennis is after SB & Patrick . Luckily David Hasslehoff is there to save the day . Makes sense to me ! I have to say that I could n't help but laugh at the review complaining about the way SB & Patrick ate tons of ice cream sundaes and acted like they were drunk and had hangovers . I thought it was hilarious and they were n't drinking , that 's why it was funny . To sum up , one review I read said that `` if you 're a fan of the show you 'll get what you paid for '' . Simply put , I agree . Anyway , it 's `` lemon scented '' !
 Here is the summary of the movie : In a complicated plot to get the Krabby Patty formula , Plankton steals the crown of Neptune , the undersea ruler , and lays the blame on Mr. Krabs . SpongeBob promises to travel to far-off Shell City with Patrick to retrieve the crown if Neptune will spare Mr. Krabs 's life . With SpongeBob and Mr. Krabs out of the way , Plankton makes a grab for the secret formula .
 It seems that the creative people behind Spongebob Squarepants created the feature length film instead of creating a seasons worth of cartoons . I would have preferred the season . There are far more laughs in each of the season one and two DVD collections than in this 80 minute film . In fact through the entire film I only laughed out loud twice.The Nickelodeon cartoons are more geared towards throwing out rapid jokes for ten minutes whereas the film takes a slower more methodical pace . As the voice actor of Spongebob said the film is more of a road trip . It 's about Spongebob 's growth as he travels to Shell City to find and return Neptune 's crown . In the end Spongebob gains the confidence to become a , uh , laser wielding rock star ?!? Ok , the opening is slow the ending is weak but I still enjoyed the film enough to buy it the first day it came out . If you 're a Spongebob fan you 'll likely enjoy the film , just do n't set your expectations too high or you may find yourself disappointed .
 This movie was totally up to my expectations . I 've been a Spongebob fan since its premiere in 1999 , so I saw it without paying attention to any of the reviews . I heard a bunch of complaints that the plot did n't have the charisma of the TV episodes and was n't fast-paced enough . I ca n't imagine how much more excitement could have been packed into this film , though . If the movie did n't have some absurdity , all the characters would be tied too heavily to the main plot and not able to experience their antics that are the essence of Spongebob Squarepants -LRB- such as hilarious obstacles and sporadic musical numbers -RRB- . The wacky ending captivated kids ' attention and made moviegoers over 18 burst into gales of laughter.You can tell that every show worker had so much fun creating this film . The characters ' facial expressions look even more over-the-top than on the show , and the voice acting of Tom Kenny , Bill Fagerbakke , and many others is perfect . Plus , David Hasselhoff was a real sport to do that cameo . The backgrounds and scenery are beautifully done -LRB- under the art direction of Mr. Nick Jennings , I assume -RRB- . In April of 2003 , TV Guide featured Spongebob on the cover as a show to watch if you 're feeling depressed , so you will definitely not feel blue after this movie . = -RRB-
 I bought this movie for my son and daughter and not only did they love it but I found myself watching and enjoying this movie as well . Very good movie for kids who love sponge bob . I definitely recommend to others .
 It 's promotion day at the Krusty Krab , and Spongebob Squarepants is certain he 'll make manager . Sadly , his boss thinks he 's just a kid -LRB- and , as everybody knows , to be a MANager , you have to be a MAN - or at least a grownup -RRB- . Everything changes when Mr. Crab 's evil archenemy Plankton hatches yet another nefarious plot to steal the Crabby Patty formula , and rule the world . Then , it turns out that Spongebob and his hapless and clueless best friend Patrick are the only ones who can save Bikini Bottom from disaster , and prove their manliness -LRB- and musical chops -RRB- along the way.The Spongebob Squarepants television show is hit or miss . Sometimes it 's insane funny , and other times feels more like generic silliness . When it 's on , though , it 's on , and there 's nothing more clever or funny in daytime cartoon television . Here , in its first and only big screen version , it runs on all four cylinders , hitting just the right mix of surreal and silly . My son just put it on last night and I saw it with him for the umpteenth time since we saw it in the theaters , and , as always , it was funny as ever . You could say that this film `` gets '' that what 's funniest about Spongebob is the way it depicts the world of adulthood as it might appear to children - and Spongebob at least manages to fall into both camps - he does n't live at home , and manages to hold down a steady job as a highly skilled and somewhat professional fry cook , and yet his best friend is at best infantile , and he himself does not act like a grownup . Highly recommended for lovers of the television series , but even if you 've never seen the show it 's very funny , absurd and over the top silly , and much more clever than most of the more mainstream blockbuster animation flicks .
 spongebob is great he does n't do anything bad he 's optimistic .
 I really like this movie Because it is funny . I think that this is one of the best movies ever .
 We saw the Spongebob movie and it 's the BEST from sponge bob!I wo n't spoil the movie for you but it 's SOOOOOO FUNNY ! Spongebob and Patrick 's hangover on the ice cream , David Hasselhoff being used as a speed boat , and It 's all hilarious . So see it !
 Everyone 's concerned about it 's `` crude humor '' . You do n't think your kids ever hear that stuff . Turn on the TV right now . Flick through a few channels like Fox , MTV , VH1 . You do n't think your kids ever stop and watch it . If you do n't like this Movie.You could make your kids bored by making him or her watch Beauty and the Beast . Or Barbie 's adventure to Happy Land . I could notice tons of sexual references . Just so you know this is one of the best family oriented movie ever . And they come rare now a days . There is no totally clean 1933 Mickey Mouse short anymore.I think instead of their Kids growing up too quick . I think the parents are adapting to changes in the world slower !
 I ca n't wait untill SpongeBob the movie comes out , i 've been watching it every day and night on T.V , Me and my friends have stickers , magnets , pencils , everything of Spongebob . We all think SpongeBob rocks , not forgetting Squidwert of course.Thanks , love DragonxxxP.S Only 5 months and 7 days and counting untill it comes out !
 I In the Sponge Bob Square Pants the Movie Patrick says `` hurray for Sponge Bob '' . Sponge Bob is cute and funny . It shows friendship with courage and bravery to save Mr. Krabbs from getting killed . That 's how I feel when I see Sponge Bob Square Pants.During their adventures Patrick and Sponge Bob mature and become men . It 's cute when Patrick falls in love with a girl named Mindy and gets all shy . Sponge Bob and Patrick take their depression away by eating some goofy gooborgab sundae . It reminds me of me ; sometimes I do the same thing by eating junk food . While eating they sing and dance like two drunken men.There 's always something bad about every movie and in my opinion one of them was in the beginning of the movie . When Patrick fly 's to the Krusty Krabb 2 butt naked with a flag saying Sponge Bob on it . It was n't worth it because Sponge Bob did n't get the job to be the new manager . Squidward got the job to become the new manager of the Krusty Krabb 2 . Plankton on the other hand heads to the castle and steals the Kings crown . Patrick left a letter saying that Mr.Krabbs was the one who stole the crown . Now if Sponge Bob wants to save Mr.Krabbs he would have to go to shell city and bring the Kings crown back in exactly 6 days . Plankton wants to rule Bikinni Bottom ! Plankton sends Dennis a serial killer to kill Sponge Bob and Patrick.There are things you need to know about the movie . Sponge Bob is rated PG . Sponge Bob is based on a TV show . Which you can see on Nickelodeon . The movie is out on DVD.It was the # 1 movie in America while in theaters .
 First off , I took my 5 and 7-year-old daughters to see this . Of course , being a 39-year-old kid at heart , I love Spongebob as well and I had to go see this in the theatres.It was excellent and this DVD is just as great . To make a long story short , Spongebob and Patrick have to go and find Neptune 's crown , which was stolen by the nefarious Plankton and sold to someone who lives in a place called Shell City.The overall story follows Spongebob and Patrick 's journey which proves one thing
 The movie was so incredible to see spongebob in the real world and not in the pacific ocean .
 This is by far t he best animated movie I have ever seen in my entire life ! Forget all the 73 minute movies based on animated T.V. shows ! This is a 90 minute awsome movie about the struggle to find King Neptune 's Crown !
 I think the spongebob squarepants movie was one of the most funniest animated movie . I enjoyed it very much !
 no really i 'd like to know oh wait from some moron who did n't watch the show i mean look at spongebob he does n't DO ANYTHING bad he likes flowers so what ?? alot of people do who cares ?? sheesh i 'm tired of this junk why do n't you leave him alone ?? -LRB- ... -RRB- i said `` LEAVE HIM ALONE ! -LRB- ... -RRB- '' SO THERE -LRB- ... -RRB-
 spongebob is not a bad guy he is optimistic about everything and where the heck did you come up with this stuff about him ?? geeze just stop it !!! i 'm sick of this.anyway the movie is great it 's like nickelodeon before when i was a little kid now that spongebob is here you ca n't keep picking on him i 've been waiting for a show like this since the day they cancelled doug i loved nickelodeon before when he was on it was n't disgusting before .
 This movie is the best movie ! It is so funny . My favorite charecter is Spongebob . He 's funny , caring , and loves to help ! I wish he was real so I could meet him .
 I thought this movie was excellent . Everything about it was great , the plot , the characters , the story , the graphics , the designs and the script . It was great that they showed King Neptune 's daughter Mindy . I hope they will continue to show her in the new episodes . She 's really cool . My school counsoler 's first name is Mindy , and she got such a kick out of it when I told her about it . I also have my own video game of movie . I had to buy my own dvd of this movie because I love it so much . This movie is great . Kudos to the actors and film and crew members . 5 out of 5 star rating . Two Thumbs Way Up !
 Our grandson loved it . He 's into Sponge Bob . It was on his level , no profanity or violence . It kept his interest and it was funny .
 I watched this with my daughter and grandson and have to admit i was laughing as much -LSB- if not more -RSB- then they were . funny and witty at times the story is plain and simple with a sprinkle of moral values -LSB- i know Spongebob and morals ?? -RSB- . . a fairly talented cast wraps this movie up well , , , i guess I 'm just a kid a heart as i enjoyed this as much as any kid would . . Go Goofy Goobers !
 There 's a second Spongebob movie coming out in 2014 . I ca n't wait to see it . That 'll mean the show will celebrate 15 years of Spongebob . It sounds really cool , does it ?
 Great buddy/road-trip flick with sharp dialogue , vibrant animation , and fun music . Adults , little kids , and even teens can enjoy this movie together . It 's been one of my family 's favorites since we saw it in the theater .
 Yellow & blue make serious `` green '' for Nick & Paramount . The SpongeBob Movie can now be seen in full HD , including its hysterical Teaser commercial , on Blu-ray disc . This is a combo pack since you can see the Blu-ray disc at home and the DVD wherever you want . The `` Blu '' disc has some bonuses not seen on VHS OR DVD . There 's a second SpongeBob Movie in production when I typed this , due to be in theatres in 2014 , and it 's only fitting that this movie might become a Blu-ray combo pack in 2015 . The first one was meant to conclude the whole shebang , but SpongeBob 's universal appeal & popularity extended the show to at least 9 seasons & 2 theatrical movies ; it 's THAT good . Which means it 'll be the next-to-last chapter in the whole shebang , behind the second movie . Since the Blu-ray disc is in HD , you should still keep an eye out for a picture of Popeye the Sailor inside The Krusty Krab 2 somewhere in the movie ! His own theatrical shorts used to be made by Paramount at one time , now owned by the WB & in the Public Domain . SpongeBob has become the first Nicktoon in history to be released on Blu-ray disc , even if the movie , or the next one , is n't in the show 's production order . Who knows if Nick will decide to release the series on Blu-ray disc ? No other Nick TV show , animated or otherwise , has gone that far . Enjoy this combo pack , since this movie is n't part of the First 100 Episodes DVD set .
 When I first watched this movie in December of 2004 , I was at a point of not understanding in the use of characters , such as certain characters were left out in certain sceen , untill about a year later . I started to like it 3 years later . There were exciting scenes and songs , plus the animation is pure . After his theatrical run , SpongeBob is trashed by new writers , characters , and stories . Even one of the songs on the newer episodes , called `` Together '' , was atrosious . This is the last good SpongeBob cartoon that 's ever made . In that case , I 'll stick with The Fairly Oddparents and T.U.F.F. Puppy .
 My daughter watches this dvd EVERDAY and loves it ! This dvd came in mint condition and there are no complaints !
 After getting the first 100 episodes box set of the show I felt that this movie would be a neat add on to the set , and while it 's cute and has a decent storyline after so many years the movie suffers from what other animated shows do it just felt like a hour an a half episode that really had nothing new or really exciting to worry about . The only new thing you 'll see in the movie is when Spongebob becomes enraged at Mr. Crabs for passing him over for promotion and after King Neptune 's accusations on Mr.Crabs about his theft of King Neptune 's crown Spongebob 's own less than stellar defense of Mr. Krabs personality Sponebob and his faithful friend Patrick go on a journey to secure the crown and find the real culprit of the theft . Again the movie is of course meant to entertain kids and fans of the show so if you 're not a kid and not a fan you 'll probably want to pass this movie over since it wo n't hold to much entertainment for you most likely . The animation is near the recent season so the video and audio are both pretty good and some of the extras are decent to but all in all the movie should really just be seen by fans of the show or kids so again if you 're neither than you should just pass the movie over and try something else to your taste ...
 Ask almost any kid -LRB- or more than a few college students -RRB- who lives in a pineapple under the sea , and the answer will be the same -- SpongeBob Squarepants , the titular hero of this wild adventure through the ocean depths . Facing the dangers of Plankton , King Neptune , bikers , hitmen , cyclops , and Hasselhoff , Spongebob and his BFF Patrick must tread all these dangers to save the future of Bikini Bottom and the Krusty Krab.The film 's brightest moments are its most bizarre , like Patrick and Spongebob 's bubble dance in a tough guy bar bathroom , the duo 's musical montage through a dark ravine filled with all sorts hideous monsters , and their faceoff against a hitman onboard the SS Hasselhoff . At times the gags are fast and furious , but at times one is left feeling that they were stretching a few scenes out to justify the cost of making them.The animation and art throughout the film are greatly improved while still maintaining the style and feel from the television series , a difficult feat to achieve . The new backgrounds and character designs are gorgeous , and if there was 3d done on the project , it did n't show.The new characters are memorable , but their line reads do n't have the same magic that the regular cast has . Neptune 's daughter , voiced by Scarlett Johansson , feels flat and does n't seem to really interact with the primary cast until the film nears its end . However , these new characters come at a cost . As is often the case with animated films , the secondary characters are largely MIA throughout the film . Fans of Mr. Krabs , Sandy Cheeks , or even Squidward will largely be disappointed.The ending descends into the depths of the bizarre . What started as a beautiful buddy adventure pic falls into the utterly outlandish , including the obligatory Spongebob rock sequence and more than a few disturbing -LRB- but G-rated -RRB- up close shots of David Hasselhoff . The theme of the film , that kids are important , is repeated more and more as the film nears its end . While a bit over the top , it 's a positive message for kids and helps to move the plot forward.The video on the DVD , presented in the original widescreen format , is clean and the sound is acceptable . There are a few featurettes on the disc , but nothing that spectacular or memorable . While fans might pine for a more full-featured special edition , the disc has comparable special features as though available on the TV series discs.Despite the film 's shortcomings , it was still a fast and enjoyable 90 minute ride . Fans of the series will love it , and those with children will find the film surprisingly enjoyable . It stands admirably well as a companion to the original two or three seasons of the series .
 I 've seen several of the SpongeBob cartoons and enjoyed them -LRB- I 'm 39 ... -RRB- with my 9 year old daughter , but had not seen this movie until recently . I give it 4 stars only because I enjoy the traditional SpongeBob cartoons more than I did the movie.The movie seemed a bit scarey at times ; both thematically and visually , but it does have a PG rating for this reason . You do get bombarded with the `` Goofy Goober '' song , but if you 're watching it ... you probably do n't mind . Bikini-Bottoms up !
 great movie for the kiddos . lots of laughs and entertainment ! two thumbs up !! ca n't wait to order more spongebob soon .
 Just what I needed for a gift . It was just what my nephew wanted at a reasonable price . Thanks for being competitive and having what I needed .
 My kids ordered this on my Kindle without asking , they were happy , so I guess I am with purchase . I just didnt like the fact you only had 24 hours to watch it .
 I bought this DVD so my grandkids could watch it on the airplane during our recent vacation to Maine.They enjoyed it and kept them quite .
 Ive watched spongebob since I was little , and it nice to relive my youngest years just by watching a funny movie .
 *** This review may contain spoilers . *** Gosh darn it , what is it about this nutty , off-the-wall , maritime cartoon phenomenon that makes it so enduringly popular ? I mean , it 's full of nasty , selfish , greedy , dull-witted and hostile characters . It has gruesome close-ups and numerous continuity errors . It 's hyperactive and unfocused . I think I have the answer - it 's SpongeBob SquarePants himself . Duh , you say ? Well , think about it ! Even though he 's a hypersensitive , annoying , meddling , gullible . nave guy , he 's also a kid - nice , friendly , good-hearted , hard-working , resourceful kid who faces his often callous , uncaring environment with never-say-die optimism - an inspiration to all us rat racers and 9-to-5ers . `` The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie '' -LRB- hereafter SSM -RRB- recognizes this childish goodness , and puts it to a `` mythological '' test . SpongeBob is unfairly passed over for a restaurant management position by his crapulous boss Mr. Krabs in favor of the antisocial , apathetic , but `` mature '' Squidward . Along with his nearly mindless starfish companion Patrick , he messily buries his depression in endless Goofy Goober sundaes . Worse , King Neptune freezes Mr. Krabs because the microscopic but devious Plankton -LRB- the true thief -RRB- frames him for the theft of his baldness-hiding crown . With the king distracted , Plankton along with his computerized `` wife '' Karen enslaves all of Bikini Bottom with mind-control helmets . Despite his despair , SpongeBob 's loyalty to Mr. Krabs and the community triumph and he , along with Patrick , agree to retrieve the crown , which is ensconced in the unknown land of `` Shell City '' . Can these Goofy Goober kids do it?With sly cleverness , SSM incorporates all the elements of its production into a sort of Greek mythological tale along the lines of `` Jason and the Golden Fleece '' and more saliently , `` The Odyssey '' . SpongeBob and Patrick , like Odysseus , must encounter many dangers , obstacles , and monsters before getting the crown back . The only difference is , besides `` conventional sea monsters '' , they must resist an angler fish with a `` grandma '' lure , hillbilly roadstop diners , and the persistent , vicious Dennis , Plankton 's henchman sent to thwart the duo . Our duo does despair and cry , and are on the verge of giving up . King Neptune 's sympathetic mermaid daughter Mindy gives them fake seaweed mustaches to boost their manhood . The duo perseveres , but is captured by a `` Cyclops '' -LRB- a person in a seadiving , weighted suit -RRB- , and imprisoned in Shell City -LRB- a beach souvenir shop -RRB- for dissection . The crown is there , but can the dessicated SpongeBob and Patrick free themselves , get the crown , avoid Dennis , get back home , and save Bikini Bottom from the ruthless Plankton ? Tears , souvenirs brought to life , and Mr. Hunky Baywatch himself David Hasselhoff may play a part.As I said in the title , SSM is a nice guy 's rite of passage . However , even though he ultimately proves his , er , manliness -LRB- spongeworthiness -RRB- , the most reassuring thing about the movie is that SpongeBob will never lose his most vital asset , his Pollyanna child 's heart -LRB- or whatever a sponge has for a heart -RRB- . Still , he 'll have that managerial position , thank you !
 The movie was flawless and will be renting again . We rented the movie on our Kindle , our son was thrilled to have the movie within the palms of his hands .
 My little girl loves all spongrbob squarepants cartoons and watches this one more often than I shave . I have not seen it , but I can recommend it .
 I ordered this movie for my 7 year old niece and she really seemed to enjoy it . I ca n't bring myself to watch these movies but I do know she really liked it .
 The movie is actually about Plankton finally gets his hands on the formula.SpongeBob movie is rated a 5 star because , people love him , heck ! I love him , and he adorable.He 's funny , goofy , lovely , and fun looking . This movie would keep you entertained ... Basically you probably would never get tires of watching it , therefore it should 've been a part2.My only downside if SpongeBob is , that the movie is great , but they need to keep SpongeBob shows movies , and etc , coming.I 'd recommend you - to enjoy just because , he 'll make you laugh .
 King Neptune somehow misplaces his crown and suspects it was stolen . He then goes to Mr. Krabs , who is a crab -LCB- obviously -RCB- , and the owner of the restaurant the Krusty Krab . He is also egomaniacal . Spongebob and his friend Patrick who is a starfish agree to go find the crown so King Neptune would be happy . -LCB- It 's nice to not have commercials in between the movie too -RCB- . But , Mr. Krabs nemisis , Plankton , hires a guy -LCB- more like a tough biker -RCB- to go after Spongebob .
 I saw this movie twice in theaters it was the best animated movie ever!I liked it more then the incredibles.Actuly I do n't like it I love it !!!!!
 I saw this movie te day after it came out with some friends of ours . It was really good ! The movie was so good ! I ca n't wait to get this movie
 This is at the top of my favorite movies list ! I am Spongebob 's # 1 fan and no doubt about it !!!!! Spongebob is my comedy idol !!!! Spongebob RULES da ' UNIVERSE !!!!!!
 I saw this movie earlier tonight with a friend , and both of us being fans on the show , we expected the same silly , slapstick humor that so often gived us the giggles . Well , we went to the latest showing -LRB- 10:35 -RRB- , so there was only my friend and I and maybe three other groups of two people in the theater , so I 'd say about 8-10 total . So the movie starts in the above sea world , which as fans who watch the show will know is n't cartoon-y -LRB- only BELOW the sea is cartoon -RRB- , and we see a bunch of pirates singing an altered version of the theme song . This whole scene was kinda hokey -LRB- even for Spongebob -RRB- and pretty unfunny , but then we finally go underwater , thus go into the cartooniness . It 's still pretty bland , that is until Patrick comes in about 10 minutes into the film . After that , the movie just seemed to be more entertaining . Patrick makes everything better.Anyway , the story is of Planton , still jealous of Mr. Krabs and his Krusty Krabs resturant making all that money tha could be his , finding out he had a Plan Z after all -LRB- if you wan na get it , go see the movie -RRB- . This plan is to steal King Neptune 's crown and frame Mr. Krabs , which would anger Neptune , causing him to come after Krabs , an if Planton 's lucky , kill him , giving Planton leeway to break into the Krusty Krab and steal the resturant 's Krabby Patty secret formula . Well , he does steal Neptune 's crown , so Neptune comes to Mr. Krabs and is just about to kill him , that is , before Spongebob interferes . It turns out Planton hide Neptune 's crown in a far away forbidden place , a place with monsters and a evil fish eating cyclops . Neptune agrees to give Spongebob and Patrick 6 days to find his crown , and if they do n't , Krabs will die . A rather silly plot when you think about it ... but you 're in Bikini Bottom now.This movie , for the most part , is pretty entertaining , for kids and adults . I 'm 14 , and my friend and I both enjoyed it very much . There 's the humor for the kids , then there 's the humor for the adults -LRB- not explicit humor or anything like that though -RRB- , and then there 's just the humor that anyone can like . There were several parts where my friend and I were on the verge of tears ... it 's just a hilarious movie . Patrick of course gives the most laughs , with his odd facial expressions and constant stupidity.I do n't recommend this movie to people without much of a sense of humor ... you wo n't like it . This humor is completely childish and offbeat . But if you like silly stuff , you 'll absolutely love this movie , no matter how old you are . And the battle scene between Spongebob , Patrick and the bounty hunter Dennis on the back of a swimming David Hasselhoff is a must see .
 Before I start this reveiw , DO NOT see this movie if you are n't the type of person who likes kooky and offbeat humor . This movie is not for you . If you are a fan of the show , like comedy , in the mood for a laugh , or just do n't want to be bothered with a plot , this movie is for you.The movie keeps the same type of humor found in the show , though with less of the adult jokes . Just the same , the jokes are funny , and you will definnetly laugh at least once at this movie . Patrick is the source of most of the humor in the movie.In the movie , Plankton frames Mr.Krabs for stealing King Neptunes crown . Neptune is going to exucute Mr.Krabs , but Spongebob makes him an offer . If he and Patrick can get the crown back in six days , he will spare Krabs . So off the two go in the Patty Wagon , to Shell City to retrieve the crown . In their absence , Plankto hires a hitman Dennis -LRB- Alec Baldwin -RRB- to kill the dou with his giant spiked boot . With everyone out of the way , Plankton steals the kraby ptty formula , and put in acton his PLAN Z to take over Bikini Bottom.The movie has plenty of stars and new characters such as Dennis , Mindy -LRB- Neptune 's daughter voiced by Scarlett Johansen -RRB- and Neptune -LRB- Jeffrey Tambor -RRB- and David Hasslehoff , as himself.In concluion , this movie is funny , and a must see for fans , and anyone who wants to have a good laugh .
 this movie rocked patrick was funny planton gets his wish and sponge bob gets drunk this movie is to buy if a critic says it sucks dont listen this movie rocks buy it if you dont youll be sorry
 I agree with many of the other reviews . If you are a fan , do n't miss this on big screen . It could have been condensed down to a 45 minute television show though . On the plus side , Patrick is definitely Patrick !!! I wish some of the other characters -LRB- Sandy , Gary , etc. -RRB- would have been shown more . Not sure if this is set for a sequel or not.Given the garbage that Hollywood cranks out -LRB- Michael Moore 's latest lies , Saved ! , horror flicks with no redeeming qualities , The Birdcage , etc. etc. -RRB- , it is nice to find a movie that is safe for the family . This movie has a bit of crude humor , but it is nothing extreme .
 spongebob : funny/stupidpatrick ; stupidsquidward ; my favoriteeugene krabs : funnyking neptune ; bald -LRB- he thinks hes thinning -RRB- sheldon plankton : small and evil !! karen : computer wife of planktondavid hasselhof ; ugly and hairybest movie out now !!
 The Spongebob Squarepants movie wansnt a perfect movie in fact it got some dumb elements but it was a pretty good movie the jokes , the action and the humor where great and when i went to see it in theathers i so want it to buy it on DvD so i recomend this movie for kids and adults its a bomb .
 I 'm 14 -LRB- Not a memeber of the target audience -RRB- and my favourite films include South Park , Team America and Ali G but for some reason Spongebob always seems to make me laugh but anyway this is a funny film even if childish but is good and has a few funny scenes likePatrick with the flag inbetween his a ** cheeksWhen they got drunk on Ice CreamGoffy goober rock songand much more and it 's funny and Spongebob is -LRB- Along with Kenan and Kel and Rugrats until Kimi and Dil joined -RRB- the only show on Nickelodeon I can watch and say I like -LRB- Fairly Odd Parents is s ** t , Yu Gi Oh is s ** t , All Grown Up is s ** t , Mr Bean Animated is s ** t and so r the rest -RRB-
 ok spongebob 's movie is great : the story , characters , backgrounds , badguys EVERYTHING in this movie is great . the story is like this : spongebob really wants to be manager of the krusty krab 2 so he gets to the grand opening ceremony only too find out he does n't get to be manager squidward does . so he asks mr. krabs why and because he 's a kid so he has too be a man or be a what mr. krabs called him a `` kidager '' instead of `` manager '' so spongebob goes to goofy goobers a resturaunt and he and patrick eats icecream and gets drunk so he wakes up and walks off back to the krusty krab to tell mr. krabs it 's not fair and king neptune finds out his crown is missing but plankton steals it and blames mr. krabs for it and makes him look really bad because he signs a note in mr. krabs name and leaves a message for mr. krabs that he sold the crown to `` some guy in shell city '' and spongebob shows up to tell mr. krabs how he felt about the whole thing and neptune burns mr. krabs and spongebob offers to go to shell city and he freezes mr. krabs and spongebob and patrick get a `` patty wagon '' and drive off to shell city when plankton gets the formula with no trouble at all !!!! so the patty wagon gets stolen by some guy with a ski mask and spongebob and patrick get a couple of days away from to shell city and find the car and get into the biker bar get the key and drive off with dennis the cowboy RIGHT behind them and get icecream and a frog eats their car they start down to the bottom when some monsters try eating them and they become friends and get to a cyclops and go to shell city get the crown get back to bikini bottom by riding some guy named david hasslehoff who ? and save everyone from having `` bucket-heads '' and plankton is thrown in prison mr. krabs is unfroze and spongebob is manager or maybe a kidager ? but the movie is wonderful and even though they put a few jokes it 's harmless compared to shrek which is really bad and should not be for kids !!! yuck !!!!
 I do n't know why everyone is picking on spongebob like this but nickelodeon was going extinct i thought the direction it was going was not good i think spongebob saved nickelodeon by the neck from falling to the bottom !!! and spongebob is not what everyone says he is because he acts like a little kid anyone with eyes can see that . i mean spongebob does n't do anything BAD the only thing he 's ever done was run around in underwear or in nothing but all kids shows do that !! i even thought nickelodeon should have retired before spongebob showed up because nick shows are disgusting pathetic excuses for kids stuff actually most of it should n't even be kids stuff but guess who brought nickelodeon back after all the good shows were canceled ?? yep `` spongebob squarepants '' !!!!!
 Yeah , Spongebob -LRB- voice talent of Tom Kenny -RRB- now has his own motion picture , which is outright funny and hilarious !!! Spongebob is the funniest non explict cartoon I like !!! I myself usually watch The Simpsons , South Park , King of The Hill , Family Guy , but Spongebob can be just as good at times , and is for all ages !! The creator Steven Hillenburg is a genius , and knows how to get someone laughing !!! Spongebob is a cartoon , which will have both kids and parents in uproars of laughter !!! Yes , there may be some people out their that may think Spongebob , is corny and stupid , the reason they say this is because they do n't know how to have fun , so do n't listen to them !!! The only reason I gave this a 4 star rating , is because some of the comedy in this movie was a little wierd -LRB- example
 why are you talking like this ? spongebob is the best nicktoon actually before spongebob came i was actually hoping that nickelodeon was run out of buisness nickelodeon is SOOOOOO dumb !!! i hated nicktoons they 're disgusting only wierdos or stupidheads like them except spongebob makes an acception.spongebob is the best cartoon on nickelodeon ever !!!
 great !!!! what is with all the grownups saying all of this ??? and esspecially that `` did you see my underwear '' line uh huh i heard worse on nickelodeon !!!!! they even had human characters say `` did you see my butt '' or `` did you see my underwear '' !!! even the live action shows did that !!! they even had a show where a kid was caught in their underwear or no clothes at all !!! and in other shows they actually smoked oh yeah that one thing the other guy said about spongebob smoking was lying he was probably drunk !!!
 What 's not to love about SpongeBob Squarepants ? Saw the movie in the theater and knew that I had to have the dvd . The fans in our family range from 3 years to 60 years .
 Short animation always struggles to become feature length films . Sometimes it should just be avoided . Spongebob barely succeeds . If you are like me , a part of the cult of Bob , than you will love the new material . If you are expecting a brilliant fantasia animation move , well , er , Goofy Goober !
 I completly enjoyed this film as much as a krabby patty . I do n't want to give any parts away , but there is one part I may mention . SB and Pat go to an ice cream bar and wolf down twelve humongous sundaes on their own and wake up hung over . To the people who think this offending ... . That is life for ya ! Come on , kids in my class are being exposed to Homer Simpson drinking beers at a real bar . this compared to the simpsons is totally innocent!Anyway , I think this movie was terrific . The animation was great and I just love , -LRB- again , LOVE -RRB- The characters facial expressions . Plankton 's was just great , and the hung over spongebob was so real and detailed . Patrick 's facial expressions have to be the best . Those confused looks of stupidity are the greatest ! The plot was a little generic and could have been more over the top . Plus Squidward and Sandy have hardly any screen time . I can admit that this film was a bit overrated , even being a fan for the last five years . The plot was just a little empty , but just as hilarious !!! I reccomend this film to anyone who feels bored or depressed !
 To all the adults out there who think this movie is innappropriate -LRB- like the ice cream scene , lol -RRB- for their kids to watch , you really need to relax . This current time is diffrent from the old days . You are going to see a lot of drug/sexual refrences -LRB- im glad this has no SC , -RRB- This is just a cartoon . I agree with the viewer who said this was not spongebob 's best decision to give himself a hangover.but that 's life.I could imagine how they got the ideacreator of Ren and Stimpy : hey look everyone ! i just drew our next scene for the next episode!executive : cool , put it in the file and well seepaper left there for everspongebob person : hey , look at this idea Jon Kricflalusi came up with ! It 's pure gold !! another exectutive : that 's great!well put it in the hit movie spoongebob !
 I 've been curious about the whole SpongeBob SquarePants phenomenon -LRB- as in what the heck is SpongeBob SquarePants ? -RRB- for awhile now , so I decided to watch the movie . I went into this thing knowing nothing whatsoever about SpongeBob SquarePants - I have never seen the TV show , and I could never even remember the name -LRB- Spongepants Squarebob ? -RRB- . Yes , I was a complete SpongeBob SquarePants virgin.SpongeBob is seemingly a sponge and he does have square pants , so the name apparently is n't some kind of secret code that only children understand - that 's good . He lives underneath the sea , where he works as a fry cook at Krabby Patties and pals around with a starfish named , appropriately enough , Patrick Starfish . He 's all excited because he expects to be named the new manager at Krabby Patties 2 . Someone else gets the job , though , causing SpongeBob to drown his sorrows in tons of ice cream . The boss thinks he 's just a kid , and he wants to be an adult . Meanwhile , the evil Plankton -LRB- who looks like a green pepper to me -RRB- , who has been trying to get the Krabby Patties secret recipe for ages , puts his Plan Z in motion , stealing the beloved crown of King Neptune and blaming the theft on Mr. Krabs . Even though his boss is not SpongeBob 's favorite person right now , SpongeBob alone comes forth to defend Mr. Krabs , swearing that he -LRB- and Patrick -RRB- will go to Shell City and get the stolen crown . Fortunately , Neptune 's daughter Missy believes in them when no one else does , and off they go.Yes , SpongeBob and Patrick undertake the dangerous journey in order to prove that they are men , not boys - and they face many life-threatening obstacles on their way . It 's going to take more than Missy 's psychological `` mermaid magic '' to get the boys through this one ; it 's going to take - shudder - David Hasselhoff . Most kids wo n't understand the irony of this , not knowing that David Hasselhoff , Mr. Baywatch himself , nearly drowned once while filming his show , but we adults can chuckle at the sight of Hasselhoff making like a speedboat across the ocean waves.It 's a funny movie , but it seems obvious to me that the movie is a result of and not an explanation for the SpongeBob phenomenon . I did n't see anything in the movie itself that would explain the humongous appeal of these characters . Of course , most movies of this type are only poor reflections of the TV shows that inspired them . It 's certainly family-friendly entertainment , even though some adults wo n't understand what the heck the youngsters find so uproariously funny about the whole thing . I enjoyed the movie , but I do n't expect you 'll see me wearing any SpongeBob SquarePants paraphernalia any time soon . SpongeBob seems to speak to kids rather than most adults , and I say let the kids have their fun and join in a little bit if and when you can .
 ALL RIGHT BEFORE I START I WILL TELL YOU THAT THIS WAS THE FUNNIEST FILM OF MY ENTIRE LIFE.I LIKED THE PART WHERE PATRICKWAS DRESSED IN FISHNET STOCKINGS AND , HAD A FLAG WITH SPONGEBOB 'S NAME ON IT AND IT WAS IN HIS BUTT . EVEN , THE PART WHERE SPONGEBBOB/PATRICK GET DRUNK ON ICE CREAM . SO , WHAT ARE YA WATIN ' FOR ? SEE IT !
 I like the movie ... Spongebob is charlie brown 's counterpart who just happens to live in a pineapple under the sea ...
 i did not like this movie but my little brother did ! so i i recomend it for 9 and under !
 This movie is great and funny . the humor in the film is very good . I got the DVD the version is full screen . I did n't know that it could turn into a movie , it was really fun and entertaining . I hope you feel ejoyable and not really bored !
 I bought this movie at best buy , and it is AWESOME !!!!!! There was this really funny part , but I 'm not going to spoil the movie . Patrick is so funny ! You should really see this movie . You wo n't be sorry!P.S . I 'm a goofy goober ! : -RRB-
 It took some time to get used to this little yellow character , but I 've come to think he 's alright . My son picked this for his bday and has the game too . It has humor , and a good storyline .
 Hi , I purchased this dvd as a gift for someone 's daughter that loves spongebob . The dvd is ideal for old crt tvs that are not widescreen . Parents told me it looked great and there were no issues with the disc . Nice cheap gift that is sure to please the youngsters . : -RRB-
 Three days after i clicked buy i had it in the mail . Package seemed like i got it from bestbuy ! If you want this video in store bought conditions . He 's your guy . Thanks for this . If i order anymore videos ill be sure to check here first
 Ordered this movie for my grandson , looked all around and this was the best value I could find . Would recommend to all .
 Besides South Park , this is surely one of the best transitions an animated tv program has made to the big screen . The plot is tight but expansive . The adventure is a good one . All the characters are there but are not overused . Spongebob and Patrick are hilarious ! All the adults in our family love it as much as the kids !! Goofy Goofy Goofy Goofy Goobers !! -LRB- P.S. Probably the Hoff 's greatest role that does n't involve a talking car !! -RRB-
 I received this video about a week and a half after I ordered it & it was in perfect condition . My daughter loves it & it has two languages both french & English . Thank you !
 My product arrived earlier then the estimated date and arrivied in excelent condition . I was very happy and would order from the same place again .
 This movie was very entertaining to me and I am 21 . I approve of it for children of all ages .
 Let me say that I have always been a big kid . Cartoons are some of my favorite movies . The Emperor 's New Groove is the standard to which I hold all animation up to.Well , today I watched Spongebob Square Pants the Movie and I have to say that it was just great . From the dialog , witty and surprisingly smart -LRB- many things that your children wo n't get will have you rolling -RRB- , to the flow of the plot . It follows Spongebob as he looses the manger job to the new Krusty Krab to Squidward . In the aftermath , Plankton , Krusty Krabs fast-food rival -LRB- despite never having one customer -RRB- devises a plan to put the Krusty Krab out of business . I wo n't ruin it for you . I 'll just say it involves stealing the kings crown and blaming it on the owner of the Krusty Krab . Needless to say , it is up to Spongebob and his trusty pal to journey to the Forbidden Shell City to recover it . Along the way they run into , among others
 It 's so cool ! Spongebob and Patrick set out to SHELL CITY ! SHELL CITY is a forbiddin city guarded by a killer cyclops!Ther 's a cool & funny rock song and PLAN Z , planktons most diabolicle plan in the sea !
 With a swashbuckling beginning , `` The Spongebob Squarepants Movie '' leaves the uninitiated a little edgy . Once Spongebob hits the screen , however , the newbies and us old fans settle in for a wonderful little nautical treat that is worthy of multiple viewings . The plot is rather simple , and not very new . Plankton is after the beloved and highly guarded secret recipe for Krabby Patties ... again . He decides to frame Mr. Krabbs for stealing King Neptune 's crown . This results in Mr. Krabbs being taken into custody , or chilled . Spongebob and his idiot friend , Patrick Starfish , decide they will go to Shell City and recover the crown in order to prove Mr. Krabbs ' innocence . What follows is typical , yet hilarious , Spongebob humor.Some wo n't understand , others will refuse to understand it . That 's okay with me , because I enjoyed the entire film . If you love Spongebob , expect the same silly fun that he 's always been known to produce . My daughter and myself have watched this film numerous times , and we 'll probably watch for quite some time . It is definitely worthy of purchase.You have to admit that , with questions about his sexuality afoot as of late , Spongebob has managed to keep his icon status in check . Hopefully he 'll be around for a long time to come .
 ok first why is it bad ?? i mean on every OTHER nicktoon they burp , and say the `` F '' word for pog !!!
 When I first saw the previews to the SpongeBob movie , I knew that it was going to be hilarious , and sure enough , it was more than just hilarious . This movie is n't just a extended cartoon , it 's a whole nother SpongeBob SquarePants experience.The storyline is in-depth and filled with the typical SpongeBob humor . The story
 This is the best movie in the world ! The laughs come full force and hit perfectly . Having been a huge fan since the show 's first release , I have been waiting for the movie and this was well worth the 5-year wait ! I must own the DVD when it comes out ! If you can even smile at Spongebob on tv , then go see this movie !! IT 'S SO AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!
 THIS MOVIE IS EVEN BETTER THAN THE SHOW BECAUSE IT 'S LOTS LONGER THAN JUST 30 MINITES . BUT I SAW ABOUT 10 SPONGEBOBS ON NICK AT NITE LAST NIGHT BEFORE GOING TO SEE THIS MOVIE TODAY . I GOT OUT OF SCHOOL . SPONGEBOB IS MY HERO . I NAMED MY CAT GARY AFTER SPONGEBOB 'S SNAIL . THE MUSIC IS ALSO GOOD . MY BROTHER GOT ME THE SOUND TRACK .
 It kept the kids entertained so it did the job it was intended . A little ways through the movie , mr. Krabs can distinctly be heard whispering `` jack a ** '' Now , I 'm not an extremely restrictive parent by any means but I do n't think that 's appropriate vocabulary for a movie that 's obviously geared for kids .
 this is the BEST , the GREATEST movie in the history of kids movies !!! it 's FUNNY and I LOVE IT !!!!!!!
 When I was first about to see the movie , I heard it was n't that good ... yeah , right ! Spongebob the Movie was awesome , and had as much comedy as the Episodes . I would give this item 2 thumbs up !
 This cartoon is the worse tv show for kids nickelodeon tv shows nowadays is very lacking same with Disney channel they always Have new episode every day Back in those days that way kids do n't lose interest , nowadays they always show the same episode and have one new episode once a week
 The Movie Review Kid is back and better than ever ! Today , my victim is The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie . How many of you watch Nickelodeon ? Well , it 's on channel 33 on Cablevision . Anyway , there 's a show . A show about a sponge . A sponge who lives in a pineapple . And for the record , his friends do not live in other types of fruit . This sponge lives in an underwater city . A city called Bikini Bottom . And in this city lives many sea creatures . From a fat starfish to a land squirrel who does karate , this town really makes you think . For me , it makes me think about food . Mmm ... I could really use some crabs . But enough about food , the point is there 's this porous dude named SpongeBob who lives in Bikini Bottom . Seen since May 1 , 1999 , this show is one of Nick 's greatest . And should n't great shows have movies ? That 's what happened in 2004 . Nickelodeon Movies released a theatrical movie called The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie . Unlike other reviewers on this website who whine about how `` This movie stinks ! '' or `` I loved this movie ! '' and other dumb stuff , I 'm actually going to TELL you about this movie . See , Plankton -LRB- who 's pretty much a pathetic villian -RRB- frames Mr.Krabs -LRB- the owner of the Krusty Krab and SpongeBob 's employer -RRB- for stealing King Neptune 's crown . SpongeBob and his best friend , Patrick Star -LRB- the fat starfish I was telling you about earlier -RRB- , volunteer to go to Shell City -LRB- the place where the crown is -RRB- and retrieve the King 's crown and save Mr. Krabs -LRB- who is currently frozen until SpongeBob gets the crown -RRB- . Along the way , Sponge & Pat encounter live-action people , like the evil Cyclops , who I can tell does n't do a good job of cleaning up , and some dude named David Hasselholf . I liked this movie and I bet you 'll like it too . 'Cause if you do n't I 'll track your sorry butt down , shove a knife down your throat , rip out your intestines , give 'em to a crazy dog , and - . Well , I think I 've made my graphic yet gorey point . And also your fat mama smells like a dead goat and you look like the inside of a garbage can . I 'm sorry but that 's the best compliment I can give you , Dude . See ya , sucka .
 The Movie Review Kid is back and better than ever ! Today , my victim is The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie . How many of you watch Nickelodeon ? Well , it 's on channel 33 on Cablevision . Anyway , there 's a show . A show about a sponge . A sponge who lives in a pineapple . And for the record , his friends do not live in other types of fruit . This sponge lives in an underwater city . A city called Bikini Bottom . And in this city lives many sea creatures . From a fat starfish to a land squirrel who does karate , this town really makes you think . For me , it makes me think about food . Mmm ... I could really use some crabs . But enough about food , the point is there 's this porous dude named SpongeBob who lives in Bikini Bottom . Seen since May 1 , 1999 , this show is one of Nick 's greatest . And should n't great shows have movies ? That 's what happened in 2004 . Nickelodeon Movies released a theatrical movie called The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie . Unlike other reviewers on this website who whine about how `` This movie stinks ! '' or `` I loved this movie ! '' and other dumb stuff , I 'm actually going to TELL you about this movie . See , Plankton -LRB- who 's pretty much a pathetic villian -RRB- frames Mr.Krabs -LRB- the owner of the Krusty Krab and SpongeBob 's employer -RRB- for stealing King Neptune 's crown . SpongeBob and his best friend , Patrick Star -LRB- the fat starfish I was telling you about earlier -RRB- , volunteer to go to Shell City -LRB- the place where the crown is -RRB- and retrieve the King 's crown and save Mr. Krabs -LRB- who is currently frozen until SpongeBob gets the crown -RRB- . Along the way , Sponge & Pat encounter live-action people , like the evil Cyclops , who I can tell does n't do a good job of cleaning up , and some dude named David Hasselholf . I liked this movie and I bet you 'll like it too . 'Cause if you do n't I 'll track your sorry butt down , shove a knife down your throat , rip out your intestines , give 'em to a crazy dog , and - . Well , I think I 've made my graphic yet gorey point . And also your fat mama smells like a dead goat and you look like the inside of a garbage can . I 'm sorry but that 's the best compliment I can give you , Dude . See ya , sucka .
 The Movie Review Kid is back and better than ever ! Today , my victim is The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie . How many of you watch Nickelodeon ? Well , it 's on channel 33 on Cablevision . Anyway , there 's a show . A show about a sponge . A sponge who lives in a pineapple . And for the record , his friends do not live in other types of fruit . This sponge lives in an underwater city . A city called Bikini Bottom . And in this city lives many sea creatures . From a fat starfish to a land squirrel who does karate , this town really makes you think . For me , it makes me think about food . Mmm ... I could really use some crabs . But enough about food , the point is there 's this porous dude named SpongeBob who lives in Bikini Bottom . Seen since May 1 , 1999 , this show is one of Nick 's greatest . And should n't great shows have movies ? That 's what happened in 2004 . Nickelodeon Movies released a theatrical movie called The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie . Unlike other reviewers on this website who whine about how `` This movie stinks ! '' or `` I loved this movie ! '' and other dumb stuff , I 'm actually going to TELL you about this movie . See , Plankton -LRB- who 's pretty much a pathetic villian -RRB- frames Mr.Krabs -LRB- the owner of the Krusty Krab and SpongeBob 's employer -RRB- for stealing King Neptune 's crown . SpongeBob and his best friend , Patrick Star -LRB- the fat starfish I was telling you about earlier -RRB- , volunteer to go to Shell City -LRB- the place where the crown is -RRB- and retrieve the King 's crown and save Mr. Krabs -LRB- who is currently frozen until SpongeBob gets the crown -RRB- . Along the way , Sponge & Pat encounter live-action people , like the evil Cyclops , who I can tell does n't do a good job of cleaning up , and some dude named David Hasselholf . I liked this movie and I bet you 'll like it too . 'Cause if you do n't I 'll track your sorry butt down , shove a knife down your throat , rip out your intestines , give 'em to a crazy dog , and - . Well , I think I 've made my graphic yet gorey point . And also your fat mama smells like a dead goat and you look like the inside of a garbage can . I 'm sorry but that 's the best compliment I can give you , Dude . See ya , sucka .
 `` The Spongebob Squarepants Movie '' had an unoriginal title , but I LOVED the movie anyway ! I only liked two songs from it tho , `` Goofy Goober Rock '' and `` The Best Day Ever '' . But overall , I recommend it for kids 9 yrs . old , to adult ! This movie is n't a waste of time , or money , so buy it now ! I also recommend this for anyone who loves Spongebob -LRB- and Patrick -RRB- , who loves silly , but sometimes , twisted comedy , or someone who just wants to have a good time !
 I thought that this movie was very well done , and it was very funny . Good movie for the whole family . Ages 2 and up .
 This movie was pretty good but not great.I do n't even like Spongebob that much .
 ok first WHY do you people think it 's violent ? it 's a little bit but c'mon !! it 's not bad , kids are going to see violence !!! it 's not like oh maybe THE LOST WORLD that 's as violent as violent can get !!! sheesh !!!!
 The Movie delivers everything you could want if you are a fan of the show . I was laughing just along side my kids . Patrick , again , steals the show , and his hilarious idiocy is reason enough to watch the movie . Sponge bob 's eternal optimism is as enjoyable as ever . Some of the TV shows other supporting players , Squidward , Sandy , and Gary , get little more than cameos in the movie ... but that 's okay . Because let 's face it ... you 're there to see Spongebob and Patrick . There is n't much of a plot to this movie but it does n't matter , it 's just an excuse to get Patrick and Spongebob out of Bikini Bottom , and basically sets up an animated `` road '' movie . If you were worried about Spongebob being stretched to fill 90 minutes ... do n't be . The story flows along nicely , without any dead-spots or boring parts , and there are so many laughs sprinkles throughout the movie it never gets dull.If you like the television show , you will not be disappointed by this big screen adventure . Sponge Bob comes to life with bright , vivid colors and a story that will provide laughs for both children and adults alike . There is a mix of animation and live action sequences , and they work well together and fit the story perfectly . `` The Sponge Bob Square Pants '' is as good as any animated movie and is well worth buying .
 It seems that the creative people behind Spongebob Squarepants created the feature length film instead of creating a seasons worth of cartoons . I would have preferred the season . There are far more laughs in each of the season one and two DVD collections than in this 80 minute film . In fact through the entire film I only laughed out loud twice.The Nickelodeon cartoons are more geared towards throwing out rapid jokes for ten minutes whereas the film takes a slower more methodical pace . As the voice actor of Spongebob said the film is more of a road trip . It 's about Spongebob 's growth as he travels to Shell City to find and return Neptune 's crown . In the end Spongebob gains the confidence to become a , uh , laser wielding rock star ?!? Ok , the opening is slow the ending is weak but I still enjoyed the film enough to buy it the first day it came out . If you 're a Spongebob fan you 'll likely enjoy the film , just do n't set your expectations too high or you may find yourself disappointed .
 This movie was totally up to my expectations . I 've been a Spongebob fan since its premiere in 1999 , so I saw it without paying attention to any of the reviews . I heard a bunch of complaints that the plot did n't have the charisma of the TV episodes and was n't fast-paced enough . I ca n't imagine how much more excitement could have been packed into this film , though . If the movie did n't have some absurdity , all the characters would be tied too heavily to the main plot and not able to experience their antics that are the essence of Spongebob Squarepants -LRB- such as hilarious obstacles and sporadic musical numbers -RRB- . The wacky ending captivated kids ' attention and made moviegoers over 18 burst into gales of laughter.You can tell that every show worker had so much fun creating this film . The characters ' facial expressions look even more over-the-top than on the show , and the voice acting of Tom Kenny , Bill Fagerbakke , and many others is perfect . Plus , David Hasselhoff was a real sport to do that cameo . The backgrounds and scenery are beautifully done -LRB- under the art direction of Mr. Nick Jennings , I assume -RRB- . In April of 2003 , TV Guide featured Spongebob on the cover as a show to watch if you 're feeling depressed , so you will definitely not feel blue after this movie . = -RRB-
 I can remember as a youngster sitting around the TV with mom and dad and watching `` our shows '' together , like the Carol Burnett show , in the 1970s . Now that I 'm a daddy myself , `` SpongeBob SquarePants '' provides the same common experience , although sometimes it 's hard to swallow your dinner while laughing so hard we all spew food particles around the room.We were thrilled to find out the movie was coming out . That explains why there have been no new episodes on TV for so long ; they 've been busy elsewhere . And it works ! Despite a couple of negative reviews I see here , any sponge fan would have to be in a truly bum mood to not enjoy this flick . The problems in translating a small-screen show to the big screen are usually that the characters are overly stretched , the story does n't ring true to what we 're used to , or the filmmakers do n't have a clue how to turn from the short format to a 90-minute story . I 'm pleased to say that none of these things are a problem here , and that the whole thing holds up beautifully in the theater.The story , as you 've probably heard by now , involves Plankton 's latest attempt to take over the world . The big news for fans is that he finally gets Mr. Krabs ' recipe for Krabby Patties ! Guest star Jeffrey Tambor -LRB- King Neptune -RRB- unwittingly allows Plankton access to the secret recipe when he believes Mr. Krabs has stolen his crown , freezes him until SpongeBob and Patrick can get the crown back , and while the Krusty Krab is shut down the little megalomaniac sneaks in and steals the recipe , making the Chum Bucket a success at long last . What happens then , and to SpongeBob & Patrick on their journey , is what the story revolves around , and it 's every bit as good as any episode of the show I 've seen , and I think I 've seen them all at least once -LRB- many of them two or even three times -RRB- . Hey , this is the 21st Century version of the Looney Tunes , they 're that good and that much worth rewatching.Funny ? Check . 45-year-old dad , 41-year-old mom , and 7-year-old daughter laughed almost nonstop from beginning to end . This little guy is my hero
 It was an excellent movie . the morals were really good and taught me a lot .
 This was my first exposure to the SpongeBob phenomenon . Having avoided the series for years , my wife and I finally rented the movie DVD for our toddler daughter . Amazingly , we wound up enjoying the movie as much , or even more , than our daughter did!The underwater world of SpongeBob is lovingly created with wit , charm , sass , and not just a little societal tongue-in-cheek . SpongeBob himself is a remarkably engaging little fellow , at once credulous and simple and immature , yet pure and innocent and impossible not to adore , once the action gets going and you see the goodness in his spongey little heart . Likewise for Patrick , the lobotomized starfish.Plankton steals the show , however , as the maniacal microbe with visions of ocean-wide domination . Displaying perhaps animation 's worst case of Short Man Syndrome , Plankton had me laughing out loud at several points in the film , and my hat is off to the voice actor who brought Plankton to life . Not since Mike Meyers ' Doctor Evil have I found myself enjoying a villain this much . All hail Plankton!Those seeking a super-complex plot , are liable to be disappointed . But plot is n't the point . As I would learn when I eventually began watching the series on television , the movie is simply the universe of SpongeBob writ large , bigger and bolder , with a better soundtrack , and -LRB- of course -RRB- David Hasselhoff!Kudos to Hasselhoff for proving that he 's not afraid to laugh at himself . And kudos to veteran screen actor Jeffrey Tambor for voicing King Neptune . -LRB- `` Ballld ! Balllld !!! '' -RRB- In fact , a number of familiar faces and voice inhabit this show , which was an unexpected delight , and gave it a level of authority and authenticity that I did not expect.If you want a family-friendly all-around-fun romp of a movie , I would highly recommend this . As both a stand-alone film , and a primer/introduction to the series , I had to give this one five stars .
 To begin , I LOVED THIS MOVIE . I do n't know if it was the adult themed story , the classic lines that you could find yourself repeating as if it was a cult classic , or the simplistic nature of the story , but I simply fell in love with this wacky piece of cinema . SpongeBob is not your typical hero , and his friend Patrick , does n't seem to fit the mold of your typical `` best-friend role '' . I found myself laughing at this film because of the messages that it taught and how I guy like me , stuck in the retail world , could easily identify with the trauma that SpongeBob was experiencing . Also , this film was flat out hysterical . I was n't expecting anything except for kids humor when I first watched it , but after the final credits rolled I was impressed by how adult oriented the humor truly was . The comic timing was perfect , the music resonated perfectly in my ear , and I can honestly say that from the opening pirate credits to the final jump in the air , this film was the rawest form of cinematic perfection and the BEST film I have seen this 2005 year -LRB- so far -RRB- . I know you are probably thinking , `` Andy , you watch a lot of movies , why did you like this one so much ? '' and I really do n't have a straightforward answer to that question . Perhaps it is the repetitive nature of the films that I am currently watching that had me running towards the arms of this SpongeBob movie , or maybe because comedies are not quite the caliber of humor as they once were -LRB- resorting to restroom humor and sex instead of actual `` funny '' comedy -RRB- , or maybe it was because it told a story that I could relate to , but whatever the case may be this film ranks among the best . I have seen this movie about 20 + times already and can not wait to see it again . It is one of those films where I catch something new each time , I still laugh at most of the scenes -LRB- the bar scene is my personal favorite -RRB- , and I get that aura of excitement everytime I place the DVD in the player . This film is like my unquenchable drug of choice.SpongeBob is one of those heroes that I can , and I think most in the retail/working sector of the world , relate to . He works hard , he wants promotion , and continues to live his life as his heart allows ... like a kid . Is n't that what we all desire ? I know that is a crucial element to my life to ensure that I stay true to those and myself around me . Also , it has always been a dream of mine to have a seaweed mustache , and this film promotes the use of this green apparatus . I do n't want to sound repetitive , but I can not wait to add this film to my DVD collection . It provided , and still provides , at least an hour and a half of pure , uncut , humor that will leave some great songs in your mind and this new found respect in your heart . Who has n't walked into your office one day just singing , `` I 'm ready , promotion . I 'm ready , promotion '' . Or better yet , ended the day singing , `` I 'm ready , depression . I 'm ready , depression . '' HA , this has me nearly falling out of my seat as I type this now.The heart , humor , and childlike feeling for this hero will have children falling over to see this film -LRB- though where I work most children are not huge fans of this film ... they say that television program is better -RRB- , and if it is watched by an embarrassed adult , you will be surprised on how much you could probably relate to this film . We are all `` goofy goobers '' inside , and sometimes it takes a film such as this to pull it out of us . We all wish that we could break out into song whenever possible or even spend an evening at a bar enjoying round after round of ice cream treats.Overall , I loved this movie . Well , actually , I more than loved it , I thought it was one of the best films that I have seen this year . So many times we watch movies that get too caught up in themselves . They are too serious or too violent or too goofy for what they set out to be , and it was an honest delight to finally find something that was just what it was . SpongeBob is my new hero and I have already found myself watching the television programs whenever possible . You have a new fan SpongeBob ... I hope that you will always remain the `` goofy goober '' that I fell in love with !! Grade
 The Spongebob Squarepants Movie is great for all ages and packed with action , compassion , and laughs for the whole family !
 The criticisms I 've found here seem to mostly be attacking the simple and often stupid humor ; the `` grown up '' jokes ; and the lack of any really cinematic scale here . And while these criticisms are mostly pretty legitimate , I think if you 're focusing on these you 're missing the point . Steve Hillenburg made a stupendously stupid movie because that 's exactly what he wanted to do , and that 's what Spongebob is all about . The lesson which Spongebob and Patrick come to at the end is the same one presented to the audience . It 's okay for Spongebob and Patrick to be kids because that 's who they are , and they ca n't change that with seaweed mustaches . At the same time it 's okay for us to be kids along with them and enjoy all of their idiotic antics because that 's a part of us as well . If you 're just taking your kids , well , I do n't think you 're approaching the film right . They 'll probably enjoy it -LRB- though a lot of the humor will evade them -RRB- , but the simple fact is that the movie is meant to make adults into kids.For Spongebob veterans , I should warn that the film seems to meander a lot more than any of the episodes , inasmuch as the story is for the most part pretty unfocused . The animation is also worth noting , since it seems to be a step BACK from the clean , bright look of the later episodes and instead a return to the milder -LRB- and , to me , more charming -RRB- look of the earlier ones . Fans of Rocko will be happy to find a sequence very reminiscient of Filburt 's bachelor party.In any case , I enjoyed the film immensely . It 's really admirable to me what the Spongebob crew has managed to do ; and if all you can do is compare it to other animated films , well , you 're missing the point . Spongebob is a piece of childhood for those of us who are still children inside .
 Last count was I believe 35 or 40 ... anyway the kids are officially gooby goobers .
 I bought this for my Grandchildren , they absolutely loved it . Their mom and dad bought a dvd player for in the van and they watch this movie on trips , most recently to New York from Maryland . My husband and I absolutely enjoyed this movie also . It was well worth the money . We all found the movie really funny and enjoyable to watch together with the Grandkids . Just listening to the kids laugh was exillerating .
 My son and I thoroughly enjoyed this feature-length movie . Lots and lots of laughs !
 Once upon a cable network , there was a born a fantastic little animated program . A hilarious , original , and bizarre show about a flamboyant sponge who lives under the sea , flips burgers at an aquatic fast-food joint , blows bubbles , and embarks on wacky misadventures with his best friend Patrick -LRB- a starfish -RRB- , despite the grumpiness of his next-door neighbor , Squidward , who is also his co-worker . This show was `` Spongebob Squarepants '' . Well , needless to say , I 've been a big fan of Spongebob since the beginning . When I heard there was going to be a film based on this wonderful show , I was n't quite sure how to feel . A part of me rejoiced over the very idea of feature-length Spongebob , yet another part of me was very much worried that this would turn out to be another run-of-the-mill kids movie full of fart jokes and supposedly `` funny '' scenes where the characters suddenly start dancing to some Britney Spears song.Well , as you probably noticed from my rating , my hopes were more than satisfied.The film is every bit as hysterical as the very best episodes of the television show , featuring some of the most random , bizarre , and completely ridiculous humor ever put on film , and it probably helps that this always made for my favorites episodes of Spongebob.The film finds Spongebob and Patrick embarking on an epic journey to recover the malevolent King Neptune 's -LRB- the ruler of Bikini Bottom , the town where Spongebob resides -RRB- crown , which the evil Plankton stole and framed Mr. Krabs -LRB- Spongebob 's boss -RRB- for . Along the way , they encounter rough thugs , monsters , a contract killer sent to stop them , and a deep-sea diver out to turn them into `` humorous dioramas '' . The film showcases slightly sharper animation than the show , dead-on comic timing , and plenty of completely ludicrous and absurd situations , including a particularly memorable sequence in which Spongebob and Patrick ride `` The -LRB- David -RRB- Hasselhoff '' out to sea . The music in the end credits is actually quite impressive , as well , featuring Ween , The Flaming Lips , and Wilco.The film 's only flaw are the tedious and unfunny , yet thankfully seldom , live-action sequences . The aforementioned Hasselhoff scene being an exception , of course.But those segments aside , `` The Spongebob Squarepants Movie '' is a hilarious celebration of the off-beat and actually turns out being a little bit epic .9 / 10
 the movie is great the T.V. show is great but it 's like an episode of the show AND i have seen EVERY single episode from the first episode to the last one they put out i 'm not sure what it was but if you watched the show all month long in may then they had five episodes all month long every friday so they had only 5 .
 Disney should retired . The incredibles was really boring and not orignal , and it was not funny at all.Spongbob is so funny ! I do n't know why people keep saying he 's a queer ! Spongebob and Patrick 's friendship for children is just friendship , for adult might be kinda gay . But so what ? It just really funny .
 ok one question : why is everyone picking on this movie ?? it 's great alot better than `` the incredibles `` i watch it more than that one . it 's only 1 hour long so it 's great i 've watched the spongebob movie about 100 times already the incredibles 5 times !!! i do n't even undersand why everyone is saying how great the incredibles is i think that movie needs 1 star !!!
 I love it !! it 's great !!! i do n't see anything wrong with the movie . spongebob and patrick have been outside with no clothes on before and they 've shown their butts in front of the screen what is everyone so worried about ?? this is great and dennis is the normal spongebob badguy only more serious and he did n't simply give up he crashed into a boat and got crushed by it !!! most of spongebob 's badguys go insane and run away but dennis did not ! he acctually was about to kill spongebob and patrick !!! oh yeah and in the one line he says `` you 've got guts kid too bad i have too rip em out of ya !! `` just in case you read that one review and get confused about it like i did .
 The popular tv series makes me laugh no matter how many times I have seen each episode . I finally had the time to see the animated film based on the tv series recently.The premise of the film has Plankton scheming to steal the recipe for krabby patties from Eugene Crabs . He does this by framing Mr. Crabs for a crime he did n't commit which was stealing the crown from King Neptune . In order to save Mr. Crabs from a horrible fate , Spongebob and Patrick quickly goes on a road trip to find the missing crown which they are given only six days to find and bring back . During the journey , Spongebob has a self-discovery moment about himself and becomes more aware of himself.Although the film was n't as laugh out loud funny as the tv series , I still enjoyed the film for what it is . Some of the funniest moments involved Patrick Star . I loved seeing him wearing fishnet stockings and stiletto high heels . I also had to laugh when he parachuted into the grand opening ceremony with his boxer shorts and wearing absolutely nothing but his birthday suit . I was relieved to see that Sandy Squirrel was not given any screen time since I always found her annoying . The musical in the last five minutes of the film was not terribly interesting nor entertaining . I thought that was pretty pointless making the ending rather disappointing.The various guest appearances were great . I even thought David Hasselhoff was funny and I ca n't stand the guy . Scarlett Johanssen 's appearance as Mindy the mermaid was pretty memorable but brief . I loved Jeffrey Tambor as King Neptune . He was so over the top . Even Alec Baldwin was good as the hired hitman Dennis . Despite its flaws , `` The Spongebob Squarepants Movie '' was very entertaining .
 This movie was so funny ! It 's like the best movie ever . The movie is better than the t.v. show . It 's SpongeBob but with more laughter in it . So I would give this movie 5 stars!Edward Park
 I have been a Spongebob fan way before he became a household name . I love the cartoon and the movie was awesome as well . I would not go as far as to say it was as good as the cartoon . I was only a bit disappointed cuz Sandy and Gary got little to no screen time as did Squidward . But the SB/Patrick storyline makes up for it . All in all I loved this movie . I took my 2 year old daughter to see it for her first theater experience . I was a little leary due to the fact she never sits still for anything . But Spongebob is her favorite thing in the world so i thought id attempt it . . and Im so glad I did because she had the time of her life giggling and getting so excited . Kids love this movie and there is nothing wrong with it . Turn on the tv all u see is crappy anime cartoons nothing for kids anymore . Spongebob is in the same tradition as the old cartoons of 80s , which is very rare to find today . Now all u have is politically correct crap or anime that is nothing but sex and violence . Kids need to be silly . I can guarentee u especially us children of the 80s did n't think about what was politically correct while we were watching our favorite smurfs , heathcliff , carebears , or he man whatever u were in to . So why would you expect our kids to feel any different . Its just good silly fun like we had when we were kids .
 THIS MOVIE WAS SO FUNNY ! I WILL DEFINATLY BUY IT . MY FAVORITE PART WAS WHEN PATRICK ... . WELL , I WILL LET YOU FIND OUT ON YOUR OWN . BUY THIS ! RENTING IS NOT ENOUGH
 We love this movie . I use it to wake up the kids early sometimes.My favorite scene is the `` bar scene , at the goofy goober place '' , `` ooh waiter !!!! '' it reminds me of the old Jerry Lewis-Hey Lady ! bit.Another favorite is Patrick in black fishnet tights !
 Just devastated that my exercise tape has broken . I highly recommend it to all 40 + women out there hoping to ` get started ' somewhere . A happy environment and ` down to earth ' participant feedback makes you feel that you are one within the group . Great beginning for the mature women who wants to get started and motivated .
 Unbelievable singing and acting , Simionato is more than perfect , just breathtaking . After you listen her you will understand what I mean . There are no words to describe it . Much much better than any other recording of Cavalleria sung by her or any other . She is the star . The rest of the cast sings and acts correctly . Very good black and white video and sound quality . Much much better than expected . A Must . You will not find a better Cavalleria on DVD .
 Mascagni 's ` Cavalleria Rusticana ' and Leoncavallo 's ` Pagliacci ' are well served by the latest production by Mario del Monaco 's son Giancarlo . The sets are primitive as befits operas with primitive setting . Carlo Guelfi as Tonio sings his famous prologue before ` Cavalleria ' making it the prologue to both operas and not only ` Pagliacci ' . In ` Cavalleria ' Vileta Urmana and Vincenzo La Scola present lovers at loggerheads and La Scola turns out to be sympathetic in the end while in ` Pagliacci ' Vladimir Galouzine triumphs over some relatively crude singing to portray a character racked by suffering to garner our sympathy as Canio.Carlo Guelfi and Maria Bayo partner him ably to advocate admiably the opera . Guelfi as Tonio takes back from Canio the opera 's final line ` La Commedia e finita ' making him the opera 's satanic deus ex machina . This expedient restores the importance of Tonio in the opera . While Caruso in appropriating the line for Canio proved immediately effective there is no doubt that Leocavallo 's first thoughts were best .
 What is not to like . Gi joe the rise of Serpentor . Cobra COmmander is in top form as he tries to stop his bald mad scientist from creating the ultimate Cobra Emperor . Sgt. Slaughter beats ... Serpentor and all is right with the world . They almost take over Washington D.C. and the other Cobra officials realize that perhaps Sepentor is a little to unstable ... even more so than Cobra Commander if that is possible . If you are a joe fan or a kid you will love this video . Hey Rhino when the Heck will you put these on DVD?WE WILL BUY THEM ... IF YOU MAKE IT !
 My local video rental store is closing as the owner is retiring and I came across this not on VHS gem . WWE -LRB- err WWF ? -RRB- and Sgt Slaughter meets 80s kids pop americana . Classic and nostaglic . Glad this bit has n't been re-imagined yet .
 This is a great true life story of doctor being deceptive with his patients . Melissa Gilbert does a great job in this movie as the victim of this arrogant doctor .
 great movie . Love melissa Gilbert and the movies she is in will always get movies that she is in love her
 A wonderfully show telling the story of deception of a doctor praying on the lives of troubled women , fantastic acting
 saw this movie years ago on lifetime . Just watched it again and enjoyed it just like i was watching it for the first time . This is one of Lifetimes Movie Classics . Excellent Movie
 this is a very good movie but in some ways very decieving its about a doctor who they call the baby maker tells women who cant concieve a baby of there own that they pay him 20 dollars and that a unknown sperm donor would provide them fresh sperm.Little did they no the doctor was using his own sperm on all his patients some would concieve and some did not but he would also tell them they were pregnant even if they were not the woman that he does get pregnant find out later that all the woman that the doctor used his sperm on the kids all shared the lazy eye syndrome in which the doctor also had this movie is a must see of what did happen and could still be happening in the world today .
 I would like to give this seller a very high rating . This move arrived in great condition and was everything I had thought it would be .
 You wo n't believe the ending . You wo n't believe the middle . This movie gets your attention from beginning to end .
 Bob Wilkinson , one of WV 's leading new filmmakers , presented the expanded 72 minute version of his new film `` Shades of Gray , '' on Saturday , April 11th at The South Charleston Museum 's La Belle Theater . The film tells the story of Braxton County native Gray Barker who was the most influential person in the 1950s promoting awareness of UFO 's , especially in relation to WV . He invented the idea of `` Men In Black , '' and wrote extensively about the Braxton County Monster , which made national headlines , the Mothman , the Philadelphia Experiment , and much more . His book , `` They Knew Too Much , '' was the bible of the suicide cult called Heavens Gate.The shorter version of the film has been shown at the 2008 Mothman Festival in Point Pleasant , WV and at the 2008 WV Filmmakers Festival.Wilkinson told me that the media group Media 8 Entertainment will be distributing the film , first to film festivals around the country and world , then in commercial film showings , and finally on television . They are known for distributing the Oscar-winning winning film `` Monster '' about a female serial killer that got star CharlizeTheron an Oscar for best actress . They are also interested in two other projects to be directed by Wilkinson including his coming film on Clarksburg serial killer , Harry Powers , called Rev. Harry Powell in `` The Night of the Hunter '' by Davis Grubb , who was one of America 's first known serial killers.Music for the film was created by WV musician Michael Lipton , a `` Mountain Stage '' crew member , founder of `` Graffiti magazine , '' author of a history of `` Mountain Stage , '' and founder of the WV Music Hall of Fame.About fifty people attended the premiere including Wilkinson 's family and some students of Robert Tinnell , the producer along with his brother Jeff Tinnell , of the film through Allegheny Image Factory . The students drove down from Pennsylvania where they take courses taught by Tinnell . He is the director of The Factor Digital Filmmaking Program at Douglas - located inMonessen , PA. . The program was founded by fx wizard Tom Savini andDouglas owner Jeff Imbrescia . The program is on the same campus as the world-classTomSavini 's Special Make-Up Effects Program . -LRB- Savini has worked on many classic horror films including the `` Night of the Living Dead '' films directed by George Romero . -RRB- Wilkinson introduced the film and answered questions afterwards . One fellow in attendance said that his family owned the drive-in movie theater where Barker once lived . Another audience member knows the Barker family who lives near his family 's farm in rural Braxton County.Read my review of the shorter version of the film that was first shown at the 2008 WV Filmmakers Festival . The film won the `` best feature documentary '' award at the festival .
 Shades of Grayis a finely done , warm portrait of Gray Barker , legendary in UFO circles for bringing some of the more interesting facets of UFO lore/history -LRB- you decide -RRB- into the general consciousness . He was the first to report on the infamous Men in Black , was right there for the entire Mothman series of incidents , covered by John Keel inThe Mothman Propheciesand by Barker in his own , more focusedThe Silver Bridge
 After watching this film , I enjoyed it to the point of tracking down my own copy . If you 're a firm , die-hard believer in UFO 's and the array of sub-cultures that have sprung up as a result of the first reports back in 1947 , you wo n't like this film . If , however , you are interested in examining some of the people behind the phenomena of the modern-day UFO , and especially the Men in Black reports , this film is a must have . Be aware it is a bubble-bursting , serious look at the lives of Gray Barker and some of his contemporaries . These are the people who nearly single-handedly have set a place in history for the modern UFO enigma . It 's funny , it 's sad , and it is definitely eye-opening .
 ... but with a few caveats.My only complaint is the presentation . It is in standard 4:3 mode . I would n't complain -LRB- much -RRB- about this except that it is * shot * in 16:9 mode and presented in letterbox format ! So you basically have black bars on top and bottom and both sides if you 're watching on a widescreen TV . Now of course with most TVs you could zoom the picture to fill the screen but the producers occasionally use the bottom black bar for a caption ! There might be some logic to all this but it escapes me . I deducted a star from my rating for this alone.This is an excellent documentary but it does assume a fairly broad acquaintance with the UFO subculture and its history . The emphasis is on Barker 's impact on the UFO field and less so on his personal life . This is just the reverse from a previous documentary `` Whispers from Space '' . The present DVD has much higher production values . `` Whispers '' is a VHS tape transferred -LRB- rather amateurishly -RRB- to DVD . Both can be recommended and indeed should be required viewing for anyone with an interest in the field . `` Shades '' features many of the same people as `` Whispers '' and it is interesting to see the effect of the dozen or so years between the production of the two documentaries on these folks.Highly recommended in spite of the presentation snafu .
 Great awareness raised on the real person , Gray Barker , who is responsible for the making of hollowood movies that we have enjoyed . I did not want to miss a second of this documentary . Applause for a well thought out and put together documentary . Great Job !!!!
 I was surprised that in a little known Austrian festival , at least for me , could be presented so sumptuous and lavish production of Nabucco , rivaling and , I believe , surpassing even big name houses . Musically , I found the singers very good , above all the baritone Walter Donati -LRB- Nabucco -RRB- , the bass Alessandro Teliga -LRB- Zaccaria -RRB- , the soprano Galiana Kalinina -LRB- Abigaille -RRB- , and the tenor Mikhail Agafonov -LRB- Ismaele -RRB- . But I found the sound of the orchestra too low throughout the opera , it could be its location , on the scenery , enclosed , next to the singers , but unseen to the public.And sometimes the chorus sounded too low , but other times very good.Also , it is not seen or sung , the treacherous recitative of Abigaille , `` Ben io te inveni '' , that I felt the soprano Kalinina it could do.I do not give 5 stars for this and its shortness compared , to the other one I own , that is of Riccardo Muti.But for regie , visuals , effects , stage and scenery , it is incredible.I believe that you will not find another DVD better than this , taking into account its price.Congratulations to the people of the Sankte Margarethen Festival.I hope get more of this kind of DVDs.S
 This a great feel good movie . I enjoyed this movie so much I bought copy for myself . If you enjoy alot of singing with good clean plot you 'll like this double feature . True bing style .
 I especially enjoy Bing Crosby 's western songs . I think that his western music has not been given the recognition that it deserves .
 Two wonderful classic stories staring Bing Crosby on one DVD ! This is a priceless treasure that should be in every classic movie lovers collection !
 For fans of Bing , there is a lot to like here . The first film , `` Rhythm on the Range , '' is a pleasant but forgettable film that will pass the time easily enough . Martha Raye is a hoot as the gal trying to rope a man out west and Bing is young and charming . There are a few funny gags and a chance to see Frances Farmer before things went so wrong for her . While it is probably only a three star film , the second film on this disc is the reason to buy it.Bing really shines in `` Rhythm on the River '' and since it is only available by itself on vhs , you might want to pick this one up just to get the bonus of another film if you are a big fan of Crosby 's easy charm.Bing is in top form in this charming comedy musical based on a story by Billy Wilder and Jacques Threy . Director Victor Schertzinger wrote one of the songs himself and keeps a light and breezy tone to one of Bing 's most underrated films.Bob Summers -LRB- Bing -RRB- is an affable writer of tunes just trying to earn enogh money for a boat to sail around in and Basil Rathbone is composer Oliver Courtney , taking the credit for them . What Bob does n't know is not only does Oscar have his melodies ghostwritten , but the lyrics as well ! Mary Martin is a young poet from Tulsa named Cherry Lane , letting Oscar take the credit for her beautful words in order to pay the rent.Nether Cherry or Bob are aware of this arrangement and it is n't until the two meet at his uncle 's boarding house and fall in love that they figure it out and decide to strike out on their own . But Bing 's melodies sound too much like the ones made famous by Oliver , of course , and when Cherry has a shot as a singer , he goes crawling back to Oliver to buy the dress she 'll need for her big chance at Club Monaco.But Cherry loves Bob more than music and when she discovers how he got the money , the whole thing may be off . Rathbone has fun hamming it up as Oliver and Oscar Levant nearly steals the film as Oliver 's right hand . One scene has Levant reading his own book and calling it irritating ! There is even an inside joke about Jack Benny 's radio sponsor!This one is a lot of fun and has an easygoing charm that matches Bing 's personality . He and Mary Martin are very good together . Set during the Christmas season , the film has a nice feel to it . From Bob 's old ferry boat named Arabella to his uncle 's place in Terrytown , called Nobody 's Inn , everthing is just right . There are some genuinely funny scenes and some great songs like `` That 's For Me '' and `` Only Forever '' which make this one you 'll watch time and again.Pictures like Rythm on the River will remind you why it was actually Bing that was the big draw when he and Bob Hope were teamed up for those Road pictures . This film is a big bag of delightful charm and a great one for a Saturday morning.If you are looking to pick up `` Rhythm on the River '' on dvd rather than vhs , then this is the way to go . You 'll even get the bonus of `` Rhythm on the Range '' as icing on the cake . A good pick .
 I do n't know why Rhythm On The Range gets no love from the reviewers , but I thought it was just as good as Rhythm On The River . Rhythm On The Range is interesting for a couple of reasons . There is Farmer . If you watch this movie and then the movie Frances you can see the scene where Farmer complains to the director that her clothes are not dirty . The director tells here that noone will notice and he was right . You can also see the original `` bazooka '' -LRB- a homemade trombone -RRB- which , if I 'm not mistaken , influenced the GI 's in WWII in naming thier anti-tank weapon the bazooka . Then there 's Bing . He 's just too cool , even as a cowboy . For a movie made in 1936 it really hold up . Do n't get me wrong Rhythm On The River is also good . Watch for Dennis O'Keefe as a drunk heckler .
 FINALLY on DVD ! THAT elusive little western with der Bingle and the blonde gal , and then sum!Very predictable as the story goes , missing heiress , cowboy fresh from the rodeo , a temperamental bull , box cars , a ranch , etc. etc. . Great songs -LSB- if you go for Bing -RSB- and a great little DVD - nary a scratch or hiss - nicely cleaned up!Frances - legend has - experienced a problem or two on the set of this flick - not a whisper on the end product - she 's a professional to the core and very very contemporary.Great gowns by Edith Head!MARTHA RAYE debuts spectacularly and the ` gal lookin ' for a guy ' - such an underrated career!Great fun to see over and over again !
 RHYTHM OF THE RANGE -LRB- 1936 -RRB- is kind of a snoozy , disjointed comedy in which Bing Crosby plays a 1930s rodeo rider who ropes a society gal , and settles down in the wild West . Crosby 's young and cute , but the film 's plot is entirely deficient , and almost seems to have been made up on the fly . Look quick for a young Roy Rogers playing in the background during the big hoedown at the end ; Martha Raye also debuts here as her typical man-hungry old maid . -LRB- Animal acting notes
 RHYTHM ON THE RANGE -LRB- 1936 -RRB- and RHYTHM ON THE RIVER -LRB- 1940 -RRB- make a nice dvd combo for fans of the Bingster . Both films are now very dated , of course , but still have something nifty to offer , with RHYTHM ON THE RANGE showcasing an early , youthful Bing Crosby and the gorgeous Frances Farmer and also debuting the raucous Martha Raye -LRB- `` Oh , boy ! '' -RRB- while RHYTHM ON THE RIVER shines with the quartet of Crosby , Mary Martin , Basil Rathbone , and Oscar Levant . I was surprised at how much fun I had watching RHYTHM ON THE RIVER and , yes , I do like it better than RHYTHM ON THE RANGE which , while providing some meaty chuckles here and there , suffered from what I feel is its mostly lackluster repertoire of tunes.RHYTHM ON THE RANGE is IT HAPPENED ONE NIGHT done up with saddles and spurs . Here 's the plot
 The music could have been better and Bing Crosby needed a diet but Frances Farmer was wonderful .
 Bing was a little out of character in these two movies but I found them enjoyable and watchable . Not great Bing but decent .
 This is set a a very spaciious stage w/modern/minimal simple background . She has 5 women behind her , one an older woman all in average to very good shape . The music is good & fast , usual aerobics synthizer , but doens ' t bother me at all & I 'm picky about music.The workout is killer , said to be for intermediate to advanced . She does n't let you cool down between exercises in this entire 60 min session . You need some good muscles for leg lifts , deep squats or holding your body on 1 hand & leg or so.I do n't normally like plain aerobics , but since each of all the exercises have an obvious benefit like stretching , toning/strengthening , balance & most do more then 2 of these or more at once & all done fast-paced with many different movements , you ca n't not like it . She is also great about body awareness ... she knows what feels good , what the body needs next to balance out.Collagevideo com has a trailer for this & good description : These routines have the grace of ballet and the intensity of `` hard core '' body sculpting . After a flowing , rhythmic warm-up , you 'll move into the dance-inspired standing toning . Examples
 This is an amazing DVD . Myself and 4 other friends worked out together and we had so much fun . We all had to sweat and enjoyed the pain the day after ! This DVD is not for beginners but beginners can still try it and just take it a little bit easier!If you want to bring your body in shape - > buy this DVD ! Excellent motivation and great exercise ! Enjoy !!!
 I really loved this workout . It 's a blend of yoga/pilates/ballet , and it is much harder than it looks ! Kari is a great instructor - she has a calming voice and as a former dancer , has great techniques . I find the workout more fun than purely yoga or pilates . Highly recommended to those who enjoy dance-inspired workouts .
 Firstly I took a star off because the set is not ideal . Performers are wearing dark clothing and the lower background is dark also so in many shots you have difficulty seeing what they are doing . Kari 's cueing is great , but I think she should have chosen a better background or lighter outfits.As for the exercises , they are an interesting blend of yoga , pilates and ballet moves - with extra movements added for toning effect eg . downward dog with rear leg lifts to tone glutes . The result is some great toning work but with a real emphasis on balance work which what I love about this workout as it hits all those smaller stabiliser muscles that are often missing from my weights workouts.There are modifications shown throughout so this really is one for all levels . Workout leaves you feeling stretched and toned , not exhausted - great for those ` no weights ' toning days or I will use it after a walk , jog or a tough spinning session to strech me out but still work the smaller muscles missed during cardio.She also does some great dynamic stretch work -LRB- when you are moving while you stretch -RRB- - not any dangerous ballistic stuff though , quite gentle and soothing .
 Kari Anderson 's `` Reach '' is one of the most difficult workouts I 've ever tried . Not only does she select exercises for precise sculpting , she pushes you to your limits of endurance . If you are intermediate then many of the exercises will leave you a little shaky and out of breath . The workout is divided into three main segments : Standing Work - 30 minutesFloorwork - 20 minutesRelaxing Stretch & Balance - 10 minutesIn this dancer-style workout you may notice exercises from Ballet , Pilates and Yoga . They all have creative twists and low-impact aerobics moves are used between sets . To be honest you need an incredible amount of strength in the legs to do most of the exercises . You may recognize Cat/Cow , Bow , Scissors , Bridge , Plank , Downward Facing Dog , Roll Ups , Push Ups and the Teaser.As far as the set goes , it is brightly lit with a backdrop of windows . It looks like the sun is rising and everyone is wearing brown and tan outfits . If you are intermediate to advanced and have a basic knowledge of Pilates , Yoga and Ballet then I can highly recommend this full-body sculpting routine . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I am a big fan of Kari Anderson and already have several of her DVDs . This one is a great addition to the collection , combining stretching , strengthening and toning moves . For a complete workout you would need to alternate this DVD with aerobic routines during the week.As always , Kari 's cueing is perfect . Her calm , personable and mature personality always seems to shine through and even though she is in perfect condition , she somehow never seems intimidating . She is also not overly `` perky '' which I appreciate because I workout at 4:30 am and I can not tolerate excessive perkiness at that time in the morning .
 Kari is the Queen of instructors . I love this dvd . It 's challenging and effective and good to do several times a week . She 's a great cuer and here is no difference . In this workout there is a mix of ballet and the intensity of body sculpting . After the warm up , you go into the dance-inspired standing toning . The floor section is unique . It 's a blend of yoga , pilates and regular toning . She always has great technique and that is motivating and she always tells you not to ` cheat ' but to keep abs in etc. . She knows her stuff , and you are bound to get great results with this workout if you do it regularly .
 a very good overall workout . it was very smooth , easy to follow . I practice tai chi , tai boe , high/low impact aerobics and ballet , and i really liked this workout . It 's my sunday workout . i would suggest this one for anyone .
 Kari Anderson REACH ! DVDMy wife loves it ! Seeing the results , i love it too ! Good for the over 40 group .
 I bought this for my little cousin who loves dancing and doing sporty things but ca n't go outside in the cold and wet winter days . She loves this . I bought it because Kari is one of THE best instructors out there and all the dvds for adult exercisers are so good , I knew this had to be a winner.This was made to help encourage kids to be more active , increase their confidence and coordination . While everyone in the dvd is having fun , it 's still a real workout . The moves are like those in the adult classes but she has given them names that kids will love like ` stir it up ' and ` macaroni ' . It 's about 35 minutes and if you want your kids to get more active , then this will definately encourage them to do so . They will have heaps of fun and be entertained -LRB- and out of your hair for over a half hour -RRB- . I totally recommend this to all parents of little people so that they are active outside of school .
 four women surrender to the charm of Lucifer . for the price they ca n't have sex with other men . because the Lord Of Darkness , is a jealous lover .
 I actually found Satan 's Wife -LRB- USA -RRB- -LRB- DVD title -RRB- -LRB- 1979 -RRB- film quite entertaining by distracting my attention from what burdens or distresses me -LRB- Old Latin , seafood , pending legislative activity and George Walker Bush -RRB- . Had anyone other than John Phillip Law -LRB- Danger
 For those of you who say the picture quality on Satan 's Wife is not good . I have to ask . What kind of tv 's do ya 'll have ? I just watched the movie and I must say that the picture is just fine ! Infact I would say that the picture is good ! So I would suggest that ya 'll buy a better tv set . So anybody reading this , Feel free to buy this . The picture quality is fine .
 This is probably my favorite episode of the entire wonderful `` Northern Exposure '' series . Everyone tries to deal with the holidays in their own ways ... and to help their friends and loved ones through them . Maurice is surprised by a visit from the Korean son he did n't know he had ; Maggie complains about having to go home for the holidays , but then is disappointed to learn that her parents do n't want her to come ; Joel seems even farther away from home than usual ; Marilyn dances the ceremony of the raven ; and to top it all off , Holling -LRB- John Cullum -RRB- sings the `` Ave Maria '' for a homesick Shelly . A beautiful episode that will linger in your heart !
 ... without watching this episode of one of my favorite TV shows of all time , Northern Exposure . Christmas in Cicely , Alaska as experienced by the quirky , lovable characters of the town . This episode is filled to the brim with the spirit of the season , along with the not-so-spirit-filled attitudes that often go along with the season ; in short - real-life ! I 've always been impressed with the way all the loose ends of the various plot lines are all resolved in the end - usually with only a musical score playing as we watch the characters go about the business of life . This episode is no different . I admit to getting choked up over Joel 's gift to Maggie and Holland 's gift to Shelly . Watch it and you 'll see what I mean !
 I loved this video is a video I have not seen before . . watched it and I just loved it.I am avid northern exposure fan ... there not airing this on a & e so just bought it . . do n't regret a penny of it
 This has become part of my Christmas tradition , right up there with The Grinch , Mr. Magoo , Miracle on 34th St. , etc. . I have n't thrown out my VHS because , frankly , I ca n't be bothered with the DVD releases since they do n't include all the original music . Granted , I have to deal with a softer image and some tape hiss but at least I know everything 's there.Part of Northern Exposure 's considerable charm is the way in which multiple themes are skillfully woven to create a gorgeous , quirky tapestry . In this episode , these elements include Maggie 's trepidation at having to travel back to Grosse Pointe -LRB- my hometown ! -RRB- for the holidays , Joel 's flirtation with Christmas tree ownership , Shelly 's longing for a traditional Christmas , Maurice ' resentment at being confronted with an adult Korean son of whose existence he 'd been unaware , and the upcoming annual Raven Pageant -LRB- the theme of which ties in with and colors the local Christmas festivities -RRB- . The resolution of these elements is hilarious , heartbreaking , and ultimately joyous -- especially when Maurice realizes that this unwanted , non-white son really IS a chip off the old block , followed by everything 's tying together at the Raven Pageant . Pure Christmas gold , with Chris in the Morning 's observations binding everything like the ribbon on a Christmas package ; if you do n't tear up , I feel bad for you.Northern Exposure was one of the greatest TV experiences ever -- take it from someone who grew up in the 50 's and 60 's and who reveres the shows of those years . Along with St. Elsewhere , Falsey and Brand produced some of the wisest , most cutting-edge entertainment ever . Do n't hesitate to incorporate Seoul Mates into YOUR Christmas tradition . Grab a copy if you can find one .
 `` Seoul Mates '' -LRB- First aired December 16 , 1991 -RRB- won the 1992 Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Writing in a Drama Series for Andrew Schneider and Diane Frolov . Jack Bender was also nominated for directing the third season episode , but he did not win . That year `` Northern Exposure '' copped six Emmys , including the first of consecutive wins for Outstanding Drama Series to go along with awards for Art Direction , Cinematography , Editing , and Supporting Actress -LRB- Valerie Mahaffey for playing Eve -RRB- . More importantly for fans of the series , this is the show 's best Christmas episode.Irony abounds once again in Cicely , Alaska as Christmas approaches . Maurice -LRB- Barry Corbin -RRB- is not happy about the prospect of spending the holidays alone when suddenly there is a knock at the door and there is Bong Joo -LRB- Chi-Moui Lo -RRB- , who tells Maurice that his father , Duk Won -LRB- James Song -RRB- , is Maruice 's son and that his grandmother , Yong Ja -LRB- Kim Kim -RRB- , was his lover when he was stationed in Korean during the war . The paternity test proves the blood relationship , which forces Maurice to balance the good news -LRB- he always wanted a son -RRB- with the bad -LRB- the boy is not an American and does not speak the language -RRB- . But it is Christmas , and as much as he likes to bellow and bluster , Maurice neither Scrooge not the Grinch , and his heart will be the right size by the end of this one.Meanwhile , Maggie -LRB- Janine Turner -RRB- has been dreading going home for Christmas because her family will grill her about her life . Then her parents send a telegram announcing that they are going to the Caribbean and she has to deal with her family having canceled Christmas . Joel -LRB- Rob Morrow -RRB- decides that nobody in his family will know that he has a Christmas tree in Alaska , but this experiment does not work out like the thought . Finally , Shelly -LRB- Cynthia Geary -RRB- is missing the High Christmas mass she went to as a child growing up Roman Catholic , which leads Holling -LRB- John Cullum -RRB- to find a simply beautiful way to lift up her spirits.That last bit , when Shelly discovers Holling 's gift , is one of my all time favorite `` Northern Exposure '' moments . The other great part of this one is when Joel attends the Raven Pageant . As Chris in the Morning -LRB- John Corbett -RRB- says , you can have your twinkling lights and such , but `` There 's nothing like the sight of a beautiful , black-as-pitch raven to get you in the Christmas spirit . '' Not only Joel but most of the rest of us who live in the lower 48 get an education about the Native American festival . In case you have forgotten , here is the story Marilyn -LRB- Elaine Miles -RRB- tells in the episode -LRB- happy holidays -RRB- : `` A long time ago , the raven looked down from the sky and saw that the people of the world were living in darkness.The ball of light was kept hidden by a selfish old chief.So the raven turned himself into a spruce needle and floated on the river where the chief 's daughter came for water.She drank the spruce needle.She became pregnant and gave birth to a boy , who was the raven in disguise.The baby cried and cried until the chief gave him the ball of light to play with.As soon as he had the light , the raven turned back into himself.The raven carried the light into the sky.From then on , we no longer lived in darkness . ''
 I remembered this Christmas episode from season 4 . I decided I had to see it again , and planned to show it Christmas Eve . I still have VCR 'S around the house , so I was delighted to buy a video of it . I was even happier when it arrived . . it was brand new . . never opened . The show itself was as I remembered , Shelly missing her Catholic Church Mass , Joel wondering if he should get a Christmas tree , O'Connell fretting over having to go home to see her parents , while the rest of the town was preparing for the native American celebration of the Raven . Shelly remains dejected , just not feeling Christmas without the Catholic Mass from her childhood memories . As everyone is getting ready for the Raven performance , Shelly announces that she is going to drop by the little church for a minute and she will meet up with Holling later . She walks to the church , hoping to somehow connect to the spirit of Christmas that eludes her . She enters the empty little church , it is aglow with candles ... behind her , Holling steps out of the shadows and sings Ave Maria . Shelly is transformed with joy . As the show closes on Christmas eve , the whole town attends the performance of the Raven . . a story of how the Raven brought light to the world , where there had been darkness . Christmas morning shows us Sisley full of sun and joy . . all of its people feel the glow the the light and spiritual renewal .
 Barry Corbin ends up with a Korean family that he never knew he had . He is gruff and not accepting of his visitors , not even friendly , but soon mellows during the Christmas season . The usual characters are here - a wonderful series that should have lasted longer . This chapter is just another example of great acting and terrific writing . I enjoyed the old VHS and it arrived in perfect shape . Wonderful , family entertainment .
 As far as I am concerned , this `` Northern Exposure '' episode embodies the true holiday spirit , whatever one 's religious or spiritual beliefs might be . The characters demonstrate how they truly care for each other and respect each other 's traditions and beliefs . After I watch `` Seoul Mates , '' I wipe away a tear and wish that real life could more often reflect this ideal .
 `` Northern Exposure '' really is one of the best TV shows ever written . The show centers upon the real lives of an eclectic group of people living in a tiny Alaskan town . They all WANT to be there with the exception of Dr. Fleishman , a displaced New Yorker , who has alot to learn about life and living in Alaska . A must see for someone looking for more than just `` fluff '' and canned laughter . The location filming is an added plus to this wonderfully written and performed Emmy-award winning show . I lived in Alaska and the people who are there are truly special as this show most accurately captures .
 This documentary on Alberto Santos-Dumont the Brazilian aviation pioneer is an excellent work on Santos-Dumont 's life as a pioneer of aviation . Santos-Dumont the biggest Brazilian hero after Tiradents -LRB- Joaquim Jos&eacute; da Silva Xavier -RRB- really deserves that documentary on his work as an inventor . 2006 is the year of Santos-Dumont 100th birthday and that documentary came out just in the right time . I love the photography and the historical facts on Santos-Dumont madness to fly . Excellent reproduction of the 14 BIS flight by a Brazilian admirer of Santos . So bad they use a voice with a French accent not with a Brazilian accent . Santos-Dumont mother language was PORTUGUESE not FRENCH . If you do n't mind hearing a Brazilian speaking with a FRENCH ACCENT not with a PORTUGUESE LANGUAGE ACCENT you will love this documentary . Excellent !!!!
 Blue SkiesThis was the second movie to feature Fred Astaire and Bing Crosby together , the first being Holiday Inn . It was in full colour from 1946 and was little more than a vehicle for a couple of dozen songs by Irving Berlin , many still popular today like the title song , ` A pretty girl is like a melody ' , ` How deep is the ocean ' , ` You keep coming back like a song ' , and ` Heat wave ' . But there are several less well-known tunes here too . Best moments
 I got this movie for my dad for his birthday . I received this movie right before its due date and in great condition . I ca n't wait to watch this with him . I got this movie especially for him because it has Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire .
 Wonderful dancing by Fred Astaire and singing by Bing Crosby . Enjoy watching this movie very very much ; it is pure entertainment .
 Arrived safe and sound and in a timely manner . Nice addition to my ever-growing classic movie library !
 `` Birth of the Blues '' is the rather unispiring tale of a New Orleans musician who ` discovers ' jazz . `` Blue Skies '' is the completely uninspired musical that mixes low melodrama with some incredibly awful tunes from Irving Berlin . Neither film can lay claim to any sort of greatness , although `` Blue Skies '' does contain three very dynamic performances . The first of these is Fred Astaire 's brilliantly staged rendition of `` Puttin ' On The Ritz '' in which he nimbly dances with 10 copies of himself , using the split screen process . The second musical number of merit is the Astaire/Crosby duet , `` A Couple of Song And Dance Men '' in which both performers lampoon the other 's artistry through a series of skits . The final spark of greatness is `` Running Around In Circles '' , a tender poignant ballad that is wholly wasted on the tripe of this movie 's dead end plot.TRANSFER
 I was a bit hesitant when ordering this item - it smelled pretty much of cheap production values and low quality . The happier I am to inform everybody that we are dealing with a double bill DVD that boosts high picture/sound quality . Sure , there are no extras , but two good and perfectly preserved films with about 50 good songs should be quite enough . Marvellously priced product , and I 'm on my way to order more from the same series .
 BIRTH OF THE BLUES -LRB- 1946 -RRB- is a somewhat skewed but nonetheless well-intentioned retelling of the history of jazz . Bing Crosby and Jack Teagarden lead the Basin Street Hot Shots , the -LRB- fictional -RRB- first all-white jazz band in New Orleans . Implicit in the plotline is the idea that it took an all-white band to really make jazz find a mainstream audience ... Goofy and slow in parts , a bit stilted , but good clean fun , with Bing still looking pretty young . Lots of weird racial stuff -- buck-and-wing dancing , eye rolling and the like ... Still , there are some great performances and it 's worth it all just to hear Mary Martin say , `` I want to learn to sing like the colored folk . '' Yikes.In BLUE SKIES -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , Bing sings and Fred treads in this sketchily-plotted musical , which pits Astaire and Crosby against one another , rivals for the hand of the blonde , domestically-minded Joan Caulfield . This frothy postwar frolic has a wild Techncolor exuberance , with crazy explosions all over the pastel-lined spectrum -LRB- and an odd tilt towards purple -RRB- . The sad thing , though , is that this is n't a very good movie -- the plot is razor thin , barely a hint of an excuse to stage a bunch of great -LRB- and lesser -RRB- Irving Berlin tunes . Some numbers fall flat -LRB- and Billy DeWolfe 's interminable , painfully unfunny drag routine brings the movie to a screeching halt -RRB- ... Still , Fred Astaire 's killer performance on `` Puttin ' On The Ritz '' is the stuff that legends are made of
 This DVD gives us two musicals starring Bing Crosby ; although there are no extras many Crosby fans will want this in their collections ! Some of the material is embarrassingly dated ; but still musical fans and Bing Crosby fans will like this anyway . Fred Astaire fans get to see him work with Bing in Blue Skies.Birth Of The Blues is a musical vehicle for the great Bing Crosby . This plot may be fictionalized but you watch this film for the song and dance numbers . The convincing acting held my attention all the way ; and the plot moves along at a good pace.When the action starts , a young Jeff Lambert is getting the spanking of his life from his father -- for being caught playing jazz . However , this has little effect on Jeff -- he grows up to want to have the first all white Dixieland jazz band . He and his musician buddies soon meet a sharp coronet player named Memphis -LRB- Brian Donlevy -RRB- and by chance they bump into a young lady named Betty Lou Cobb -LRB- Mary Martin -RRB- who has a great singing voice.Memphis and Betty Lou join the band and after a few flops things begin to take off for Jeff and his crew . They get their first big break at a club run by a thug boss named Blackie -LRB- J. Carrol Naish -RRB- who does n't feel like letting them go to a more profitable job . Blackie has his `` boys '' trying as hard as they can to keep Jeff , Betty Lou and the gang all playing at his nightclub and his nightclub only.Will Jeff and the gang ever get away from Blackie ? What about Betty Lou -- both Jeff and Memphis want her hand in marriage ; but of course she can only marry one of them . Which man will Betty Lou choose?The cinematography and choreography work well in crowd scenes like the nightclubs and the fight scenes.Overall , Birth Of The Blues is good but far from the best from the golden age of Hollywood -- the dialogue weighs it down a bit and there are offensive references to African-Americans . Blue Skies is a fantastic cavalcade of song and dance numbers -- even if it is held together by the thinnest plot I 've ever seen in any movie ! The musical numbers are sublime ! We get Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire singing and dancing up a storm . The plot -LRB- or action , since the plot is so thin -RRB- moves along at a good pace.The action when Jed Potter -LRB- Fred Astaire -RRB- has his eyes on a beautiful chorus girl named Mary O'Hara -LRB- Joan Caulfield -RRB- . However , Joan is n't truly all that interested in Jed -- she much prefers the company the Jed 's buddy Johnny Adams -LRB- Bing Crosby -RRB- . The two men vie for Joan 's attention and her hand in marriage ; and along the way we are treated to upwards of two dozen magnificent musical numbers.Over time , Mary and Johnny do finally wed -- much to the chagrin of Jed Potter . Nevertheless , there 's still one major fly in the ointment for Johnny and Mary
 BLUE SKIES
 I , too , was hesitant to purchase this DVD -LRB- or any in the Universal series -RRB- , both due to the low price and that it 's a double feature . However , the quality of both the picture and sound is superb . `` Blue Skies '' is a wonderful movie musical . While the plot may not glue you to the screen , it 's not a bad story of boy meets girl , boy wins girl , boy loses girl , and boy wins girl back again . The Irving Berlin tunes selected are top notch , and actually enhanced my appreciation of a few of the songs . `` A Couple Of Song & Dance Men '' is great fun with Fred Astaire and Bing Crosby , and once again demonstrates that Crosby could succeed in dance numbers , as long as you are n't expecting perfection . `` Puttin ' On The Ritz '' really led me to respecting Astaire 's dancing far more than I did when I was young . He really could out-dance Gene Kelly ! Billy DeWolfe really is n't so bad , in fact he has his moments as a second banana . If you like musicals and the technicolor look , it will be difficult for you not to enjoy this film ! `` Birth of The Blues '' ... well , I 'm glad it was part of a double bill and not the sole reason for the DVD . There are some mildly entertaining musical numbers and a few laughs .
 - and I 'm smilin ' right back . Three cheers to `` Universal '' for doing this double feature justice . Both films look and sound wonderful , better than ever . Clearly done with care . `` Birth of the Blues '' is great fun , featuring excellent and exciting small group dixieland jazz playing . `` Blue Skies '' is a little hokey-but who cares ? Great numbers with Bing and Fred.Not to crazy about leading lady Joan Caulfield though . I just wish they would have cast a girl with more charisma ... like Rita Hayworth . Imagine , Fred and Rita dancing in technicolor ... do n't get me started . Of course , this film contains one of Fred Astaire 's best routines-the amazing `` Puttin ' On The Ritz '' . Is there anyone on this earth who could rival Astaire 's class , timing and smoothness factor in this number ? No , there is n't !
 Two wonderful classic stories on one dvd . Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire , who could ask for more ? This is a priceless treasure that should be in every classic movie lovers collection !
 What a couple of great old movies . Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire are always great together . Good music and dancing .
 I loved this movie . It was entertaining and funny . If your a Bing Crosby fan you will want this one for your collection .
 Birth Of The Blues/Blue Skies-Double Feature is the bset two musical dvd that you can get . These two musicals will have you pating your feet , and singing along . Blue Skies is really a treat in itself . This movie will keep you smiling and playing it over and over again . The musicals is a must to have .
 When the first DVD compilation of these `` Classics '' arrived in June , I was pretty excited by the films included in the mix . Just from a historical perspective , that set boasted two essential movies
 The term `` unsung hero '' is one that is too often bandied about but in Richard Berkowitz 's case he is the unsung hero for so many people across the world . This is the story of his determination to get the 1st safe sex message out there to community that was at war with an unknown disease and that was being ignored by a vicious government who did not believe these people mattered . The safe sex message is now out there , we have the tools to protect ourselves but in these early days the real challenge was to get the message out there , to make people believe that this was important to save lives ! Richard 's life is utterly fascinating and this is a brilliant documentary that really captures the times . I saw this at the 2009 London Lesbian and Gay Film Festival and it blew me away . A film for anyone who is interested in late 20th century history and a film for people who believe they can make a real difference in this life .
 acting leaves something to be desired but the directing is magnificient and the plot it amazing . an excellent buy
 This is the most interesting movie i can remember watching , i remember as a kid i saw it and did n't understand all of it , granted i remembered the music , but the movie itself it extremely interesting , thanks !
 I ENJOYED THE MOVIE THOROUHLY.WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE ESPECIALLY CHICANOS WHO CAN RELATE.MAKES ME WANT TO SEE THE MUSICAL .
 I never received this DVD . When I inquired about it , I got the typical round around !
 This re-telling of the so-called `` zoot suit riots '' that rocked the Los Angeles homefront during World War II gets the facts right , but tells them rather poorly . Part of it is the super-stagey presentation , which basically is a filming of the play this was based on -LRB- right down to the shaking props and backdrops -RRB- and which takes little advantage of the possibilities of the film medium . Plus , Edward James Olmos is absolutely insufferable as the uber-symbolic Voice of The Barrio , although Daniel Valdez and Tyne Daly -LRB- ! -RRB- are okay in their respective roles as a young man railroaded by the white establishment for a crime he did not commit , and as the commie agitator who comes to his defense . Anyone interested in the time period and in Chicano politics may benefit from watching this -- I rented it while doing some reseach on the `` pachucho '' R&B music scene -- but in dramatic and filmic terms , this is not a first-rate production . It 's hammy and ham-fisted . Latter-day star spotting
 Director Luis Valdez has done an outstanding job in bringing us this highly entertaining and informative picture of life in LA in the 1940 's . The music , song , dance , and story in itself will make you cry , laugh and want to swing along with the film . Edward James Olmos demonstrates his many talents as he sings , dances , and plays El Pachuco , trying to convince the hero -LRB- Daniel Valdez -RRB- to use violence rather than intelligence to overcome prejudice by `` Anglos '' toward the Latin culture . Great theatrical props and settings along with an in-show audience makes you feel truly part of the whole production . Loved it !
 This movie is California historycome to life.It is a Mexican American storytold by the master.Has has all the elements of a classic : tragedy , love and good music !
 I worked with la gangs and lived in that world for five years and the fatalism , the clear rules and the self destructive Edward Almos over soul is so true to , `` the way '' . Its like through art they reveal reality . Its as if gang movies that try to be real end up being false , while this art `` pretense '' reveals the truth . If you want to get `` it '' watch this . Then watch American Me .
 I thought it was genius on the director 's part . Originally this was a play and in the movie he kept it like that -- showing the audience involved
 This is a spectacular display of the 1940 's and a wonderful celebration of the Chicano culture !! A must see for any fan of La Bamba . Mastermind director Valdez creates and captures the escence in the life of a zoot suiter . Backed up by an amazing soundtrack of the toe tapping art of Swing music , you ca n't miss with `` Zoot Suit '' !!
 Si usted es aficionado a la cultura chicana , la m&uacute;sica swing de los a & ntilde ; os cuarenta , o de los artistas Edward James Olmos o Lalo Guerrero , & iexcl ; esta es la pel&iacute;cula para usted ! La pantalla se enciende con una avalancha de m&uacute;sica , baile y drama . La cinta lo lleva a experimentar una noche con el Teatro Campesino del dramaturgo Luis Valdez . & iexcl ; Luzca su mejor tacuche ! & iexcl ; Dele brillo a esos calcos ! P&oacute;ngase abusado que la pachanga va empezar . & iexcl ; Sim&oacute;n , carnal !
 I believe that if you are born Mexican in the US , you should receive -- along with your `` Brown Club '' membership packet , a complimentary copy of this film . The film is sublime and any stylistic errors that Luis Valdez MIGHT have committed would certainly be ameliorated by the penetrating and unswerving look into Mexican American psychology . This is Octavio Paz 's `` Labyrinth of Solitude '' put to music . Every time I see this film , I am awed and nearly moved to tears by its heroic , yet tragic , beauty -LRB- this is a bit embarrassing when I have to turn on the lights and discuss it with my students , but that 's another story -RRB- . Every image , every word , has been calculated to stimulate thought and introspection . Even the most hardened , nihilistic people I 've shown this to have come away from watching it with the same reaction , which is something along the lines of `` this film is bad a ** . `` In short , this movie is revelatory and relevant to anyone who wants to know about this historical psychology of the Mexican American . Our past , our worldview , is not better than anyone else 's , but it surely is n't worse -- and it does not merit be expunged from this nation 's history . In making this film , the Valdez brothers are doing their bit to right an historic wrong . Now , after watching it , it 's our turn .
 An interesting outlook on the Chicano culture . Showing how difficult it is to identify with one of the two cultures they live in.The game between reality and the theather play is very creative.When I grow up I want to be as cool as Edward James Olmos is inthis movie .
 ~ And he 's scary . The sexiest Admiral alive shows his chops and proves what a great actor he is . Made me wish I were 20 years older . I 'm indifferent to a lot of the music on the DVD but the energy of the actors is engaging ; WWII was a cauldron for everyone in America , Chicanos included , and this show is set almost contemporary with `` Cabaret '' . Miss the lack of a commentary by the handsome Mr. Olmos but as a small aside treat for `` Voyager '' fans Chakotay is in the audience .
 This movie is one of my favorites ! I am fascinated by zoot suits and find the Sleepy Lagoon Incident very interesting and this movie tells its story in a unique way and even features some good music and dancing . Great movie to learn some history too : -RRB-
 This is one of the best movies I 've seen in a long time , the music is just great . And the fact that my first husband was there may have some thing to do with it . Besides that I still love the movie and the music . If you have n't seen it yet I 'd say your missing a very good movie.And the price was just out of this world , you ca n't beat -LSB- . . -RSB- every where that I have looked the price is over -LSB- . . -RSB- . So thank you.Thank YouDebbie Quintanarquinnabe@sbcglobal.net
 Zoot Suit is a movie I recommend to all -LRB- especially Latinos -RRB- who are interested in a small portion of neighborhood life in LA during World War II . The musical score is excellent and has a tendency to urge you to increase the volume . The acting is very believable , while the alter ego character -LRB- James Olmos -RRB- constantly challenges your mind to determine who he is and what he represents - until the end . All in all , very enjoyable .
 Though not strictly an historical piece , not a documentary , Zoot Suit shows an entertaining and engaging storyline . It does this while revealing an historical event and how it is indicative of the unequal justice of the past and present for non-whites and those not fitting the social norms set by white society . It is truly worth seeing but I have had to explain the Edward James Olmos character to several people . He is voice in Henry Reyna 's head , the image of what a Zoot Suiter was seen as , narrator of the story , and a few other things all put together . See him as a shadow more than an actual character that all others can see .
 This is a classic film that depicts a special niche of the Mexican-American culture of Los Angeles in the 1940 's . The style and dramatization of the movie is presented in a fabulous musical expression of both color and emotion . Edward Olmos 's acting is powerful and captivating as he sheds light into the dark recesses of men 's hearts . While this film is a classic , like all true classics , it still speaks to us today .
 I loved this movie , I have even had the pleasure of meeting Luis Valdez , the creator of the theare version . My college even is planning to do the play .
 I enjoyed the movie Zoot Suit very much . I love the nostalgic clothing worn in the film .
 this is the best movie i have ever seen ! its got a mix of dark comedy , drama , music , and cool looking costumes . but , this movie probally isnt for every one . however if your into the 40 's or swing music , this is right up your alley . i really encourage that you see this master piece of a movie as soon as possible !
 I thought it was genius on the director 's part . Originally this was a play and in the movie he kept it like that -- showing the audience involved
 I must admit the only reason I watched this movie was because Tyne Daly was in it , and she is my favorite actress , however , after watching it I love her more and the movie as well . The director is amazing . The actors were top of the line -LRB- including Tyne -RRB- I ca n't say it enough I LOVE THIS MOVIE
 I saw the ZOOT SUIT play version in Hollywood ... was great . And I know this VHS version is just as good , is something you want to see over and over again . Edward James Olmos is fantastic and all the cast and story is are very emotional ...
 I loved this film . Innovative and provocative performances ! Daniel Valdez and Olmos are awesome . I wish they made more Chicano movies of this caliber .
 I HAD SEEN THIS PLAY BEFORE WHEN I WAS A CHILD AND I WAS FASCINATED WITH THE CLOTHES THE ZOOT SUITES ... AS I BECAME OLDER I WOULD TELL PEOPLE ABOUT THE MOVIE BUT NO ONE AND I MEAN NO ONE HAD EVER HEARD OF IT SO I THOUGHT MAYBE I HAD THE TITLE WRONG WELL LO AND BEHOLD AMAZON HAD IT AND THE NAME WAS RIGHT ... THE MOVIE IS EXCELLENT THE TALENT OF JAMES ALMOS IS SUPURB THE MUSIC AND DANCING ALSO MADE THIS PLAY ENJOYABLE . . IT IS A MUST SEE FUN MOVIE MY KIDS -LRB- 3TEENAGERS AND 1 5 YEAR OLD -RRB- SAT THROUGH THE ENTIRE MOVIE SO IT MUST BE GOOD
 I really enjoyed this movie , especially its music . I never was taught about the discrimination against Chicanos during WWII . This movie has a rich historical and musical background .
 The music was lively and hip . The story line relates to many latinos in that era as well as to some in the present The outcome was favorable . Awesome entertainment .
 I liked this movie a lot . If your looking for an action movie this might not be for you it 's a play on film . A really good play
 Very good movie . Well done , directed , written , acted . The story is amazing , it really is . And the music and the way that is made ... WOW ... !
 I really enjoyed this movie , especially its music . I never was taught about the discrimination against Chicanos during WWII . This movie has a rich historical and musical background . It really deserves a new edition with commentary , interviews , and clips of LA 's Chicano community during this time period . I hope some day Zoot Suit will be released in a special edition . Enjoy !
 My cousin got this the second it came out , and the amazing action and friendship as well as the `` Who do you trust ? '' undertone continue greatly in this DVD with the introduction of new animation for the theme , `` True '' , as well as the introduction of the character Hideaki . Whose side is he really on , and is he even human ? This DVD will keep you on the end of your seat . Dragon Drive fans , you 're in for a treat as the final battle is being prepared for !
 The venue provides more impact upon an audience than the performance with this 1998 filming of Bizet 's great opera , a DVD issue that , although purportedly rich in sound technique , does not marry such to the actual recording . This particularly colourful rendition of Carmen is performed upon what likely is the grandest open-air stage that Europe offers , within the Roman quarry at St. Margarethen , Austria , a home site for passion plays each five years since 1926 , the basin 's over 40 metre high walls providing acoustical pleasure to those who celebrate bright sound realisations of musical theatre such as this one enacted during the locale 's annual operatic festival . Director Gianfranco de Bosio , erstwhile pilot of the Verona Festival that , along with the presentations at Bregenz , are the sole outdoor operatic events that currently attract larger audiences than those at St. Margarethen , gathers as is his wont a large international ensemble that executes viscerally satisfying effects and interludes that are referent to traditions of commedia dell ` arte that de Bosio favours , including choral offerings by the voices of the Stagione d'Opera Italiana and Honved-Ensemble Budapest , in addition to dancers from MHS Rosenthal Eisenstadt and Flamenco Tanztheater Barcelona . This performance was received well and is a prime reason that the Festival has become a cardinal cultural event in Continental Europe , with de Bosio 's idiosyncratic staging of Bizet 's dramatic masterpiece largely responsible for its success at St. Margarethen , as he cannily maneuvers over 400 performers -LRB- and a contingent of horses ! -RRB- although the opera interpretation itself is only patchily pleasing . Musically , Malgorzata Walewska is comfortable in the role of Carmen , and her able acting is of merit , making up this night for a rather light mezzo , while the closest to a star performance comes from lyric tenor Mario Malagnini as Don Jose , a role that he has taken on more than any other , and whereas there are moments when it would appear that he is acting by rote , his intonation is always splendid , his enunciation impeccable . Boaz Senator as the toreador Escamillo initially has some breath difficulty that he overcomes but his playing is wooden throughout as is that of Ulrike Sonntag as Micaela ; she , however , is in excellent voice , with but a single clinker . A majority of the supporting cast sings capably , with Susanna Fulop a standout as Frasquita . The Stagione d'Opera Italiana orchestra is led wonderfully well by Giorgio Croci in the many thrilling passages by Bizet , and lighting is dramatically effective as is most of a wide range of costumes , despite an uncomfortable fact that those garments worn by Walewska , beautiful in themselves , are less than complimentary to her . This is the abridged version of the opera that utilizes recitatives , amended many times since the originals by Bizet 's friend Guiraud that have served in lieu of the composer 's dialogue , but additionally there are numerous idiosyncratic alterations to the libretto while entire richly musical sequences have regrettably been excised from this shortened performance . The DVD is not a model for others to follow , as it is found wanting in several areas . Promised extras upon the package are a `` Making Of '' clip , interviews , and a synopsis in six languages , none of which is present . There is a brief documentary upon Bizet 's composition of Carmen and its first performance , in German with English narration , but it is of minimal consequence . A sound choice is supposedly offered between Dolby 5.1 and stereo , but in fact they are the same , and distortion is present in the overture . In summation , an audience must essentially rely for pleasure here upon the well-beloved music of Bizet along with glimpses of de Bosio 's elaborate stagecraft and these are surely enough to warrant a repeat showing .
 I enjoy this DVD very much and , as others note , it 's especially helpful for beginners or budding intermediate hoopers . I play the segments at a slower speed to observe the professionals ' hand , arm , and foot work ; it 's particularly helpful to internalize their instructions before developing unhelpful tendencies -- this is especially true of the trickier moves such as the `` corkscrew . '' I also like the narrator 's encouraging `` do n't give up '' messages throughout . I personally have n't understood the technique for `` floating '' and consequently could wish for more thorough instructions for that move , but I 'm going to stick to it until I learn how it 's done . The DVD offers good instructions that are generally well broken-down and easy to access by chapter divisions . If you go to the Hoopnotica website , you 'll find their hoops and helpful information about the size and weight of the hoops they recommended for the program . As others note , this is not a workout DVD , but as anyone who hoops knows , once you get going , you wo n't want to stop , so it does turn into a workout anyway . I 've just now purchased Christabel Zamor 's 2009 book/DVD combo , `` Hooping
 I am new to hoop dancing , and I purchased both Beginner Levels 1 and 2 Hoopnotica DVDs . These are very well organized , clear , and concise . There is a neat trouble-shooting feature that is helpful if you ca n't figure out why your hoop is n't `` cooperating '' . As others have mentioned , this Level 1 DVD is NOT an exercise video , i.e. , there is no dance routine to follow , it is purely an instructional DVD on hoop dance beginner level techniques . However , the Beginner Level 2 DVD has a short 20 minute or so routine at the end of the instructional portion . I 'm looking forward to honing my hoop dancing skills . These DVDs are a great foundation for anyone starting out ... highly recommend ...
 This is truly a very wonderful , helpful DVD . I bought it several months ago when it was still too cold to hoop outside . You do need quite a bit of space - probably a good 10x10 area would be enough . I went to a music festival with my hoop after practicing once a week or so for a couple months , and people were amazed that I had just begun hooping ! Huge compliment , and a huge endorsement for this DVD.While this is an EXCELLENT way to begin hooping , I highly recommend going to a festival or a class where others are hooping - you will learn the most from watching others !
 This is the best Beginner 's Instructional DVD for hoop dance out there . However it is NOT meant as a work-out . As a beginner you will not be able to just go through the whole DVD at once . It takes time and patience but it is very much worth it ! Just make sure you have an adult sized hoop to begin with - the plastic kids ' hoops they sell all over will be useless . If you are already proficient with waist hooping , can walk comfortably while hooping and want an actual work-out `` The Hoopdance Workout '' by Christabel Zamor is a better choice . But if you want to perfect your hooping this DVD is the best way to go .
 I luv this DVD , I only wish there were more Hoola hoop DVD 's . I first found ... a beginning level 2 DVD in a major bookstore . Upon viewing the program , I soon realized I needed beginning level 1 . However , I was going have had to wait at least 10-days to hold level 1 in my hands , and let the hoop begin to melt away my waist . What a waste of good exercise time , Thanks Amazon . I need to use your services more often . I fact I 'm going to do just that !
 This is not a workout dvd , rather it is something that you watch , pause while you practice , then move on to the next move . It is nice to have to refer back to when I keep not getting it , but I can basically do all the moves that are taught on the dvd after three weeks of practicing . The main thing to hoop dancing is to practice and devote your time to it ; the dvd ca n't make you better , only practice and determination can . Hooping is a wonderful cardio and toning workout , and its really hard to not be happy or having fun when hooping . I get inside my hoop and before I know it its been an hour and I am all smiles . Its very rewarding when you learn a new trick or get better at it . I plan on getting the level 2 dvd when I feel I am proficient at all the moves discussed in this dvd .
 One thing that I found frustrating is that the second DVD in the series was more of a workout dvd , while this was more breaking down the moves.While I do go to a hooping class , I also want to speed up my learning curve with the hoops and I found this dvd to be a great help . Everything is broken down and explained in a clear and concise manner .
 I actually bought this DVD for my wife who is a total hoop-maniac . She was already familiar with most of the tricks from the video , so if you already have more than a basic knowledge of hooping styles and techniques you might want to consider moving directly to the level 2 DVD . For those just starting out , this introductory video has some very good music and the instruction should be just right to get you started .
 I am very pleased with this dvd . Its very detailed and covers the basics very well . Going to practice for a month or so and then get the second one ! : -RRB-
 This DVD is great for getting started . I had hoped for some music variety but the directions are clear . I 'm working on the doable part ! After reading many reviews , I got a regular hoop -LRB- no extra weight or ridges -RRB- . I hooped as a child but it is much more difficult now . Even attempting to keep the hoop going is great exercise and fun . Good Luck .
 I like the way it 's set up , very basic beginner stuff . And simple directions easy to follow .
 I really like the video `` Hoopnotica '' . The instructions are easy to follow but hard to master . I 'm glad I can rewind . I would recommend this video to everyone how wants to learn to hoop .
 I thought this was a fun instructional DVD . I have learned a few hoop moves but I will never be able to do what they do with a hoop ! Fun to watch and try . I do plan on getting the next level . It will be interesting to see what else they try to teach .
 Great for a starter , except it could move a little more slowly for us beginners .
 I enjoyed this DVD since I am totally hooked on hula hoops right now . Its fun yet basic . Just teaches the basic moves and how to start out . I have n't yet mastered the corkscrews and I do wish the corkscrew lesson was more detailed , but this video has a good flow and I really enjoy it .
 Living where I do , taking an in-person hooping class just is n't an option , so this was the next best thing . I picked this DVD over the ` HoopGirl ' DVD because I 'd read elsewhere that there are ` troubleshooting ' sections on this DVD that cover what you 're probably doing wrong -LRB- and how to fix it -RRB- if you just are n't getting the move -LRB- s -RRB- . The DVD is well-edited , I can understand the instructor easily -LRB- even if my body is sometimes slow to catch on -RRB- , and the troubleshooting sections are a definite help . My one minor quibble is that the menu could use a little more breaking down -LRB- it would be nice if I could choose which section of hip hooping that I wanted to go back to , for example -RRB- , but I am still giving this DVD 5 stars because of the way the information is presented . I hope to be giving the Level 2 DVD a try in the near future . Ca n't wait !
 I was a total beginner when I bought my hoop and this dvd . I must admit when I first spun that hoop around my waist , I was really discouraged and felt it would be too hard . I felt you needed a model body to even make it work . HOW WRONG I WAS ! Ive been hooping for about 12 days and not only can I keep it up , I can start walking and turning . I foresee myself being able to hip hoop and more with continued practice.The instructions are VERY clear and the troubleshooting section at the end of every segment is a HUGE plus . They know what you could be doing wrong and let you know how to correct it.This is my first step to getting in shape - and while it wont be the answer to everything , I can hoop for 45 minutes , get my heart rate up , mop the sweat off my brows and my boyfriend loves watching every minute of it.Buy it ! Have fun ! Feel great !
 I was n't a complete beginner when I put this DVD in . I was already hoopin it up on my waist , hips and a bit of my chest . I knew that once I learned to lift or `` corkscrew '' that my dance would be set free . Within a combined hour , I had learned to float with both hands as well as corkscrew with fluidity and beauty.This DVD is fun , up beat , stimulating and well organized . The girls from Hoopnotica are excellent teachers . After the entire DVD was over , I was so happy and inspired that I continued dancing and playing in my hoop until my daughter woke from her nap . I highly recommend this DVD .
 This DVD is amazing . I ordered my hoop and dvd , and I cant stop moving . I can do this in the privacy of my living room and the dvd breaks down all the moves in an easy way . This dvd is not meant to be done from beginning to end in one session . You learn each step and practice , eventually you can put it all together and wahhh-laahh , you are a hooping queen -LRB- or king -RRB- . Happy hooping .
 This is a great beginner DVD for hoopdancing . Even though I already knew hooping basics I still found this dvd helpful . Floating is one of the moves taught on this DVD and is a move I had never saw explained elsewhere . The moves are broken down into small steps that are easy to understand and you are told to expect that some of the more complex moves take time to learn , which is helpful because you do n't want to get frustrated and feel discouraged . The troubleshooting section is very helpful too . I have this video and the next , Beginner Level 2 , and highly recommend both of them ! Happy Hooping !
 This is a helpful DVD no doubt , but I learned how to hoop a couple of days before the DVD arrived by following some helpful videos on Google Videos . So by the time the I got the DVD , i knew how to work my 43 '' hoop . Never-the-less if you are contemplating about purchasing the DVD , go ahead and buy it - it is a good one - they teach excellent techniques - but the bodies of the women in the DVD gave me a complex about mine .
 I have been learning hoopdancing little by little and this DVD has really helped me . It is meant to be watched first and then practiced on your own , which is important to know so you wo n't expect a follow-along DVD . -LRB- I find it best to practice hoopdancing free form with some music anyways . -RRB- The troubleshooting sections are GREAT . They help me every time I encounter a problem . It is slow going , but once I have mastered the techniques in this DVD , I fully intend to get the next one in the series .
 Ok , I 'm a completely uncoordinated , and it took over 2 weeks of trying and dropping the hoop more times than can be counted just to get it to hoop around my waist . That was in December , I asked for the travel hoop for a xmas gift . I can now fluidly do everything on this DVD and I 'm now onto level 2 and slowly -LRB- just like starting all over again learning to hoop on my chest - but 2 weeks later and at least it only drops to my waste - I 'm learning . -RRB- What I like about this DVD is that it 's really broken down into steps , with identification of pressure points . The troubleshooting guide is great on the simple activities , but on the corkscrew I found it to vague . If you can hang in there , it 's really alot of fun , and I 'm looking into studying so I can teach it . Instead of a boring aerobic program , repetitive yoga , or pilates - I have to watch a DVD to remember steps . With hooping , it 's dance and I can do it 2x a day and never get bored , change the music and it helps with the creativity . This DVD has been a great start for me - I 've already ordered Level 3 . The added benefit , I have n't been loosing weight , but my pants are looser - I think it 's all the hip hooping .
 An enlightening DVD on how genetics or behavioural learning can change a human ' a lifestyle . Evolution or de-evolution , some great theories and questions to be answered .
 In a rural Turkish village , a large but unique family has 5 children out of 19 total , aging between 18 to 34 years old that walk primarily on both hands and feet . Why several other members of the family are not afflicted with this unusual phenomenon is unknown and certainly intriguing.NOVA takes a fascinating look at several different aspects which might supply answers to this medical puzzle . Different scientists working on this problem look first at the fact that the parents are cousins . Marriage between close relatives increases the chances of faulty genes in children . Another consideration is man 's evolution and how genetics plays a role in one 's abilities to walk upright.Referred to as ` hand-walkers ' in the program , the children are administered neurological tests and brain scans to further determine abnormalities . The findings are significant in that they show limited intelligence , language , and fine motor skills and x-rays show damage to the Cerebellum which helps in balance and movement of normally healthy individuals . Although there are no absolutes , it is believed that this may be causing some of the problems.Science and research segments of this documentary are very interesting in and of themselves and the detailed explorations of genetics and their functions are explained in easy to understand terms . A common agreement among many is that due to the massive amount of genes contained in the brain -LRB- many of whose functions are still unknown -RRB- and the complexities of the humane genome , there are still dozens of unanswered questions that science is still trying to answer.Despite adapting well to their current afflictions and leading mostly normal lives considering their situations , your heart still goes out to these special family members and the continuing challenges they face . Closing segments in this program show therapists and specialists working with the children using walkers and other devices to introduce them to upright mobility and it makes for a rewarding end to this feature .
 Had already seen this once on Nova - wanted to watch it with friends . Item was as described and arrived timely . Thank you .
 Great story of how a mother goes to the ends of the earth to protect her daughter from harm . This movie brought alot of tears and smiles . Great movie to add to your collection !
 How far would you go to protect your child from a molester ? What if the molester is your ex-husband ? Faith Ford turns in a wonderful performance as a woman who is willing to endure anything to save her child from continued abuse , shockingly allowed by a court system blind to the reality of the situation . This mother gives up everything to take her child into an `` underground '' world of people who offer their protection to people who are desperate to escape abuse . The tension of the situation is seemingly never-ending , even when Jody and her daughter begin a new life.This is a fabulous true story , very well told .
 Below is the review I wrote concerning this movie a year ago . The only DVD version was a full screen Hong Kong boot . The reason I am plugging this movie again is the new 1492 Definitive Edition release out of Brazil . It is region 0 -LRB- 1 & 4 -RRB- . It is to my knowledge the first widescreen release available in the U.S.I would n't hold my breath waiting for a Paramount release . It was originally due 11/16/04 , and now has been postponed indefinately . This Defintive Edition is highly recommended . Below is the original review of the movie itself . **************************************************************** The main reason I purchased this DVD was the character of Don Adrian de Moxica so skillfully portrayed by Michael Wincott . It was in my opinion the strongest performance in the entire movie , but unfortunately lasted a mere 35 minutes before ... well I wo n't say in case you have not seen the movie yet.Aside from Wincott 's stunning performance was that of Armande Assante who did an excellent job portraying Sanchez , council to Queen Isabel -LRB- Sigouney Weaver -RRB- . Sadly the only reason I gave this movie four stars instead of five was the character of Columbus . I like Gerard Depardieu quite a bit but could not get past the French accent on the Italian explorer . Perhaps a better choice could have been made.The soundtrack in strong and moving . Vangelis ' music fits perfecly with the gorgeous scenery through out the entire film . Lots of atmosphere.For reasons unknown , Paramount has opted to hold back the release of this film on DVD . Maybe because Christopher Columbus is deemed so ` Politically Incorrect ' these days . Lesser films than this have gotten Paramount 's royal treatment . I ended up purchasing a fairly decent release from Hong Kong . Unfortunatley it is full screen and I am unable to veiw the movie in all it 's intended splendor , but it will have to do for now .
 I have n't seen the DVD versions , but I did have the VHS one . I found it a very moving film.But what has grabbed me ever since 1992 about this movie was the Vangelis soundtrack . It is FANTASTIC ! Along with his Blade Runner , Chariots of Fire and Antarctica soundtracks , this truly stands in contrast and in uniformity ... classic Vangelis through the decades of his career . Then for those albums that should have been soundtracks ... The City , Soil Festivities , Voices , Oceanic , El Greco , Mythodea ... there is even a webring for the guy 's music.Go for it ! The music will carry you away to far distant shores , even if the film does n't .
 A pesar de ser una secuela , este reporte va perdiendo su escencia , ya no realizan entrevistas y est&aacute;n cayendo en una simple pel&iacute;cula pornogr&aacute;fica . A&uacute;n as&iacute; el material es interesante por referirse a los 70s &eacute;poca en que ra un tab&uacute; el sexo .
 The basic information of the series is this The stories main character Kenichi Shirahama who after being bullied at school for sometime even from some of the students of the martial arts club he tried joining to defend himself finds a young well endowed female transfer student by the name of Miu Furinji being set upon by some of the bullies fears for her safety but feels he ca n't do anything about it , but as he finds out she herself is quite a skilled martial arts fighter after seeing her defeat the pack of bullies easily , after trailing her unknowingly to her dojo home he sees the martial arts masters she lives with and after a somewhat forced pushing from one of the masters becomes their student . But after a few fight wins he now finds himself being faced with new opponents who are looking to reach the top by knocking off the stronger fighters that Kenichi has unknowingly placed himself in.The second season deals more with Kenichi having to face the Eight Heavy fist of the gang called Ragnarok in battles as they try in dissolve this problem to their group that Kenichi has caused with his heroics , and as with each of the Ragnarok fist he faces proves to be more powerful than the previous one forcing Kenichi to train harder in order to defeat the next challenger of Ragnarok . Also as he reaches the final fighters he 'll meet a person in his past whose joined Ragnarok because of their past with Kenichi and who holds a deep grudge against Kenichi for their past together . The series gives a nice closing of the anime somewhat but also leaves it open as it still leaves some questions too so it looks like we may see another season of Kenichi which I do hope for . Again the animation and soundtrack for the series fits perfectly and the voice cast for both the Japanese and English crew did their parts very well too playing their character roles perfectly . The video is standard format in the set comes like the usual Funimation box sets now a days with two dvd slim cases put into a paper sleeve , the extras are n't anything to shout about just the trailers and textless intro/ending songs . So if you already got the first season box set than finish the collection right away and if you 're still not sure about the series check out the Funimation website for a few episodes you might be shocked about how enjoyable the series is for you ...
 I 've already written a near-glowing review for Kenichi Season One , and I 'm writing one about the second season because it contains a gem of an episode that truly crystallizes what is so appealing about this series and the Kenichi character himself
 A good end to the series . I just wish it was not over because the manga keeps going . A good mix of action and humor .
 Ya know something . This is a great series for any anime watcher to consider . I personally liked it because the main character Kenichi undergoes a series of training techniques to become a more skilled and courageous individual . There are a bunch of funny points in the series too which always keeps a smile going . Overall , I 'd give Kenichi the Mightiest Disciple a 9 out of 10
 Not that Season One & Season Two , Part 1 were bad -LRB- they were n't -RRB- the whole Kenichi series is GREAT . It 's funny , it 's serious , and informative - who could ask for more ? I 'm looking forward to purchasing the remainder of the series asap .
 This wonderful series is a spiritual successor to the classic Ranma 1/2 . Wonderful Martial arts comedy . Hilarious cast of characters . It 's that good .
 This series is Phenomenal , as a Martial artist I love the message it carries . . How Kenichi embodies the spirt of a Martial artist ... . This series is great for any one who is training in Martial arts or for anyone looking for some quality action with an hilarious base ... This is definitely at the top of the list of its category Both seasons are awesome !
 Great disc the makes up for how slow paced season two part 1 went but it felt at times this disc was a lil too fast paced esp . on how some of the fist were getting beat up but still very entertaining wanted to see a lil more form to the fighters kind of how season one wanted to portray the martial arts mostly all out brawler at times not bad i guess still very entertaining worth 30 dollars yea probably you kinda get ur money 's worth in entertainment i guess it to manga reading if you wan na get deeper into the story would 've prob gave the masters a lil more background story but the 50 episodes what can you do :-RRB- : -RRB-
 This ia a very funny well written anime . It teaches many good thing specially for younger audiences .
 By now you 've probably watched season one at least , so I 'm not going into a story line . The romantic side of this story gets a little sappy as part of the overall pulling of all of the story lines together . Part of the entwined past coming together ending was foreshadowed in S2 Pt1 with Odin , the First Fist . While it does pull together , it 's rather simplistic , predictable and generally unlikely -LRB- but that 's a writer 's stock in trade I guess -RRB- . Still it does close out the first story arc -LRB- assuming they are planning a second -RRB- . They have left it wide open for another season -LRB- or two -RRB- . All this aside , while not my favorite of the three it is still a good watch and I 'd say it was worth the price and time . As a whole the series was good with most areas being above average . May be suitable for teens or even children , but watch it first . We all have different opinions on what 's okay for kids .
 I really loved this series . It was funny , had great action , a good story , and to top it off it was many times martially accurate . Great for anyone who 's trained in the martial arts traditionally or non traditionally . I hope we get to see more .
 I have n't watched this yet . I plan to update this review , but the box lists the contents and no one else has offered that here.I can tell you that this is a collection for hardcore fans only . It contains only one of your favorite Columbia shorts featuring Curly from their mid-30s through mid-40s heyday . The rest can be found on Sony 's multi-volume set `` The Three Stooges Collection . `` As I watch , I 'll update this listing with notes about the transfer quality of films , details , and DVD extras.DVD1 - The Three Stooges Everywhere1 . Nertsery Rhymes -LRB- 1933 Ted Healy and His Stooges -RRB- - Curly 's first appearance on film , and the first appearance of Moe , Larry and Curly with Healy . Originally shot in two-strip technicolor . While this early version of technicolor was unimpressive , it was likely included to illuminate the two plush musical numbers in this 15-minute short . The print here is in unrestored black-and-white , which undoubtedly diminishes the experience . This film will never rank high in the pantheon of Stooge greats , but for its historical significance , it deserves a decent restoration .2 . Roast Beef and Movies -LRB- 1933 -RRB- - Also originally produced in two-strip technicolor , presented here in unrestored black-and-white . Curly appears without Healy or the other Stooges in this early solo effort . A much better Technicolor print of this can be found on the MGM DVD `` Dancing Lady , '' -LRB- ASIN B000F7CMPO -RRB- .3 . The Three Stooges Family Album - A 1998 half-hour documentary of the lives of the Stooges , rich with rare black-and-white , silent home movie footage provided by the Stooges ' families . Includes footage of the three Howard boys Moe , Curly , and Shemp briefly goofing with their parents at Curly 's 1938 wedding , among other bits . Quality is good .4 . Steve Allen ShowDVD 2 - A Day At The Theater -LRB- This disk contains the feature `` Swing Parade of 1946 '' -RRB- DVD 3 - Everybody 's In The ActAll of the shorts on this disc suffer from a faded , high-contrast and blurred lack of restoration . Sometimes the sound has a muffled quality . You 'll be able to watch them , but they could use a lot of work .1 . Beer and Pretzels -LRB- 1933 -RRB- Ted Healy and His Stooges2 . The Big Idea -LRB- 1933 -RRB- Ted Healy and His Stooges3 . His First Flame -LRB- 1935 Shemp solo -RRB- 4 . Corn On The Cop -LRB- 1934 Shemp solo -RRB- 5 . Saltwater Daffy -LRB- 1933 -RRB- Shemp 's first solo effort . He appears as Jack Hayley 's sidekick , foiled by Lionel Stander.DVD 4 - The Three Stooges Animated Antics -LRB- Presumably the mid-1960s cartoon series featuring Larry , Moe and Curly Joe -RRB- 1 . Peter Panic2 . When You Wish Upon A Fish3 . A Little Past Noon4 . Three Lumps in a Lamp5 . Who 's For Dessert6 . Which is Witch7 . Suture Self8 . The Yolks On You9 . Tally Moe With Larry & Joe10 . The Transylvania Railroad11 . What 's Mew Pussycat ? 12 . It 's A Bad , Bad , Bad , Bad World13 . Bridge On The River CryDISK 5 - The Columbia shorts whose rights are free and in the public domain1 . Disorder In The Court -LRB- Curly -RRB- 2 . Brideless Groom -LRB- Shemp -RRB- 3 . Malice In The Palace -LRB- Shemp -RRB- 4 . Sing A Song Of Six Pants -LRB- Shemp -RRB- DISK 6Biography , Interviews , Clips , Photo Gallery , Screen Saver and Direct Scene AccessMore cartoons1 . Bee My Honey2 . Litter Bear3 . Turnabout is Bearplay4 . Furry Fugitive5 . Curly 's Bear6 . Bearfoot Bandit7 . Hair Of The Bear8 . Watt 's My LionDISK 7Kook 's Tour - The Stooges ' last film from 1970Scene from their TV pilot with Shemp , `` Jerks Of All Trades `` Biography , Interviews , Cartoons , Video Clips , Photo Gallery , Screen Saver
 If you are looking for The Three Stooges shorts you know and love this is not the set for you . The only shorts the collection has is on one disc of the 3 DVD 75th Annivesary part of the collection . That disc only contrains four shorts and those are four of the most common Stooges shorts , -LRB- Disorder In The Court , Brideless Groom , Malice In The Palace , and Sing A Song Of Six Pants -RRB- . If the shorts you know and love are what you want , I might suggest just going for the eight volumes of sets of Stooges shorts instead . This collection is more of an addition , if you are looking to put togther your own ultimate career spanning Three Stooges collection.This collection contains a lot of Pre-Three Stooges material . The bulk of this material is in the 4 DVD , The Three Stooges Collector 's Edition , part of this collection . It contains Ted Healy and His Stooges in Nertsery Rhymes , Beer and Pretzels , and The Big Idea . It also has three Shemp solos in His First Flame , Corn On The Cop , and Saltwater Daffy . You will also get Curly 's solo in Roast Beef and Movies.In both of these sets you will get , one dvd a piece , their animated shorts from 1965/66 . One Disc has 13 episode and the other has 8 of those animated advetures of Moe , Larry , and `` Curly Joe '' DeRita . In addition the four DVD set contains a full length feature , with the Stooges , Swing Parade -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , their appearances on The Steve Allen Show as well as their movie trailers and commercials.Then on the three DVD 75th Annivesary set the first disc can be considered a throw away unless you do n't have those four shorts I metioned earlier . It is good for some more of the Animated shorts and it contains the last ever Three Stooges program Kook 's Tour -LRB- 1970 -RRB- . Too bad Larry suffered a stroke , I think Kook 's Tour had the potential to be a very decent and fun travelogue . It is not physical like the other Stooges works , -LRB- Just consider how old they are in 1970 . Not to mention Larry and Moe dieing five years later -RRB- , but there is enough verbal and site gags mixed with the information about the places they are at to keep it moving.The only knock I give this collection is I would of like to have seen the whole pilot for Jerks Of All Trades instead of just the clip they give in this collection . With that said I purchased this cheaper , at the time form another place , but I see the price has dropped here . I still think it was worth getting before the price here drop myself . All-in-all if you are looking to have a collection of The Three Stooges matrial spanning their whole career , then this collection will be a great addition to your Three Sooges collection .
 What a great item for any Stooges fan . This was a gift and the recipient loved it . The lunchbox is a def . collectable although it arrived slightly scratched . The Laurel and Hardy video is like an extra bonus as most stooge fans also love L&H . And I know the whoopy cushion will be a joy once our son finds it LOL .
 The Three Stooges Collectors Edition brings back those hard to find shorts made by the famous group during their `` Hay Day . '' For any fan and collector of their shorts , this collection is a must as it will provide you with many enjoyable hours of viewing one of the most entertaining and funny trio that made-up that era .
 COME ON , this stuff is classic , these boys are comic geniuses , you got ta love it .
 When I was a child , I laughed heartily at the antics of The Three Stooges . Their `` bong ` em on the head '' slapstick antics were the right blend of sophisticated stupidity for children in the early sixties . Unfortunately , the advent of political correctness caused people to object to their style , arguing that it would influence children to duplicate it , with the potential to cause injury . Even at a young age , I considered this absurd ; we never watched an episode of The Three Stooges and then mimicked their actions . We were smart enough to understand that what they did was not reality and considered the statements of the `` do-gooders '' to be an insult to our intelligence.When I watched this DVD recently , my attention was more on the movements and sequencing than on their actions . Proving once again , in comedy , even slapstick , timing is everything . If you watch them closely as they go through their routines , you can see the receiver -LRB- s -RRB- of the hit carefully repositioning their entire body before the `` blow . '' Lengthier routines had to be carefully choreographed , for all three of them were in constant motion , with arms , legs and heads moving rapidly about . Add in the props and how they were to be used and you can appreciate how difficult it was to get the routine right.While the subjects of their routines were simplistic , `` The Three Stooges '' were comedic geniuses , still under appreciated for their skills in making the stupid funny .
 VOLUME # 1 -LRB- DVD # 1 -RRB- 1 . DISORDER IN THE COURT -LRB- B/W -RRB- 2 . THE BRIDELESS GROOM -LRB- B/W -RRB- 3 . MALICE IN THE PALICE -LRB- B/W -RRB- 4 . SING A SONG OF SIX PANTS -LRB- B/W -RRB- VOLUME # 2 -LRB- DVD # 2 -RRB- 1 . JERK OF ALL TRADES -LRB- B/W -RRB- 2 . THREE LAUGH FILLED TRAILERS OF THE THREE STOOGES FEATURE FILMS -LRB- B/W -RRB- 3 . THE THREE STOOGES COLOR CLASSICS -LRB- COLOR -RRB- 4 . THE THREE STOOGES COLOR CARTOONS -LRB- COLOR -RRB-
 We laughed for hours . full of memories , fun for anyone who misses the `` good old days '' Nice box but was dissapointed because I was told by a frend that the box had a sound button incorporated in it that would play stooges sounds but it was not true . its just a nice metal painted embossed box .
 I purchased this knowing full well I already had every short and extra footage on this 3 disc set . I consider myself somewhat of a `` stooge collector '' so this sits with my collection , unopened . Any stooge fan worth his salt already has everything offered here but , how many of us have a neat metal box with the stooges on it ? Also I think I paid 12.99 for this . The box by itself is worth that .
 I 'd recommend this set for someone who is seriously interested in the Three Stooges , perhaps looking to round out a collection with some rare material and is n't necessarily looking for a large collection of classic shorts . It does n't contain a lot of classic shorts . It could be said that it does n't contain any classic shorts . I did find the shorts in this collection to be quite interesting , though , as I have never seen them on TV . There are a few shorts with Ted Healy , the guy who originated the Stooges . And , there are some shorts with a young Shemp without any of the other Stooges and shorts with Moe or Curly with other people.I found these shorts to be a fascinating glimpse at a sort of proto-Stooge development . A lot of the classic elements can be seen as proto-Moe interacts with unrecognized stooge-like characters and a proto-Shemp interacts with decidedly non-Stooge characters . Some of the shorts have bizarre elements that leave me wondering what in the world they were thinking when they were producing them . But then again , that is often the case with the much loved classic Three Stooges shorts . It is n't something that detracts from the material -LRB- in my mind anyway -RRB- . Instead it makes them endearing and novel to me.This collection also contains home movie footage with a narrative describing the genesis of the Three Stooges . I found it very interesting to see the mother and father of Moe , Shemp , and Curly -LRB- I think Moe looks like his mom and Shemp looks like his father -RRB- . There is footage of Moe , Larry , and Curly Joe on the Steve Allen Show , along with some commercial spots . There is also a feature length movie in the set that has the Three Stooges in it , though they are n't then center of the plot . And finally , the last DVD contains many cartoons that the Stooges voiced in the 1960 's . The collection also comes with a decently written history of the Stooges in a little booklet and a Three Stooges button/pin you can proudly display on your lapel.I enjoyed the behind-the-scenes and the around-the-fringes look at The Three Stooges that I have not seen elsewhere . I think it makes very good supplemental material for someone wanting to venture off the beaten path ; to see things that are n't widely run on TV .
 Went to Target today , and believe it or not , purchased this item . NO JOKE!Target in Troy , MIThis DVD Collection features : The Three Stooges 4-DVD set * The Three Stooges Everywhere * A day at the Theatre - Swing Parade of 1946 * Everybody 's in the Act * The Three Stooges Animated AnticsThe Three Stooges 75th Anniversary 3-DVD set * Disorder in the Court * Brideless Groom * Malice in the Palace * Sing a Song of Six Pants * Kook 's Tour -LRB- last movie they ever made in 1970 -RRB- Includes Bonus Booklet and Collection Photo AlbumDVD Special Features : * Three Stooges Commercials * Movie Trailers * Screensavers with ` soundbytes ' PC compatible * Biography of the three stooges * Interactive menus * Slide show featuring rare and very ` stoog-ey ' photos * Classic video clips of Larry , Moe and Curly Joe * Three Stooges Cartoon Collection -LRB- 8 classic original color animated episodes -RRB- 1 . Bee My Honey2 . Litter Bear3 . Turnabout Is Bearplay4 . Furry Fugitive5 . Curly 's Bear6 . Bearfoot Bandit7 . Hair of the Bear8 . Watt 's My Lion ? & * Exclusive interviews with Stooges family and friends
 what can you say about the three stooges , except there one of several slap stick comedys that we need on tv today , instead of all the violence !
 I already own this video . It is a great compilation of scenes of the three stooges . I gave it 4 stars becuase it has some of my all-time favorite scenes on it . I do n't think that there was one scene that I did not enjoy . I own a few tapes of the three stooges , but the classics edition is my favorite .
 I got this for my dad , knowing the Three Stooges are one of his favorites , and he watches this all the time .
 This Product was great . I gave to my grandfather for his birthday and he loved how it came with all the extra stuff .
 A great product for any stooge fan , I used to love to watch the three stooges every morning before school and have always wanted such a collection . Now I have them in a wonderful DVD set . Thanks
 Its been said that the Three Stooges just werent the same without Curly , and this package has Curly , as well as Moe and Larry.Its a must for every fan and an exceptional bargain !
 I bought this for my husband as one of his Valentine gifts . It ended up being his favorite gift . He is a Stooge fan , and according to him , no decent Stooge fan should be without this . The face-slapping and eye-poking trio are at their best !
 The DVD that was sent to me was grate . To bad it was not what I ordered . What I received was The Three stooges Simply Hilarious from 1946 . What I ordered was The Three stooges Simply Hilarious from 2000 , that aired on A&E . But appears to only be available on VHS used for an outrageous amount of $ 300.00 and not available any where else .
 This was a gift for a guy who really loves The Three Stooges . He was very pleased .
 This set brings me back to the days when i was a little boy during summer vacation watching three stooges and eating grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup and this is exactly as i remember it full of silly slap stick comedy and very obvious jokes . Sure the quality is n't the best but keep in mind these are from the 40 's u ca n't expect high definition video as the guy below seems to think it should be . So anyway perfect set for any stooge fan well put together although we could have done without the little button thing at the top that says lines from the show .
 buy this kind of movies all the time good and funny you 'll enjoy it.i collect old time movies , this is one you will watch over and over again .
 I was hesitant to purchase this at first because Amazon has all of three of the movies in this set listed as `` Full Screen '' . I found this odd because In Hell was strictly `` Wide Screen '' in it 's original stand alone release . These compilation packs are ` almost ' always re-branded re-releases of the stand alone versions , not to mention two of these movies are now out of print as far as I can tell , so I took a gamble ... And I 'm glad I did!Derailed is on a labeled disc by itself . It 's bare bones with just the movie and scene selection . It is the `` Full Screen '' version.The second disc contains In Hell on one side and Wake of Death on the other.In Hell contains a scene selection and a `` Making of Featurette '' . It is the beautiful original `` Wide Screen '' version ! Looks and sounds great!Wake of Death includes a scene selection , `` Making of Featurette '' and the original trailer . The film itself is a `` Non Animorphic Wide Screen '' transfer . It is `` Wide Screen '' but is formatted for a Full Screen TV . If you watch it on a Wide Screen set then it will still be `` Wide Screen '' but the picture will not fill the screen entirely and there will be black bars at the sides as well as the top and bottom . The picture looks excellent regardless of the odd Wide Screen transfer .
 Jean-Claude Van Damme at his top martial arts form . The fighting scenes were exciting to watch . It takes him awhile to get mad to really get going , but once he does look out bad guys . This DVD was a steal . If you are looking for action than this is the one . It will keep you on the edge of your seat .
 Derailed-No stars ! Everything in this movie really is horrible ! Fights , story , music , editing , effects , etc. . Do not watch this one!Wake of death-3 1/2 stars ! Now this is more like it ! The story telling can be a little sloppy at times but for a low budget movie this one caught me off guard . Decent Action , great acting by Van Damme ! He is so much more interesting as a dark or broken character . And 100 times better than Derailed ! LOLIn Hell-3 1/2 stars ! Another good straight to video film for Damme ! Decent fights and good performance by Damme ! I thoughtit was interesting that Damme was not a fighter but a regular guy turned into an animal . Alot better than the cheesy Death Warrant film!So in my opinion these are two of his best straight to video films , buy if your a fan and stay away from Derailed ! LOL
 Great for the Van Damme lovers as well as enjoyment for those who like action movies . Nice variety plot wise .
 Excellent . Very informative . Lets us know what those Men gave up for a cause they believe in . Highly recommended . A must have for those of you interested in the Gallant forces of Rhodesia . -LRB- not Zimbabwe -RRB-
 A phenomenal video.The tactics discussed in this DVD are directly applicable to the counter-insurgency in Afghanistan . I hope that someone in the US Army or Marines has been tasked with initiating pseudo-operations . But being a Marine vet , I am sure the sad truth is we are not going to learn from someone else 's experience , but our own .
 8 Femmes is a movie composed of elements from comedy , film noir and musical . The setting is pretty 50s and 60s , with all those glamorous and colourful wardrobe in a finely decorated and sophisticated house . The story starts with the homecoming of an overseas student daughter for Christmas and the death of her father . The father actually did n't show his face much in the movie , but because of his death , all the women in the house become suspects of the case . At the same time , it seems that they were cut off from the outside world due to the bad snow storm outside and the careful work of the murderer in the house . All of a sudden , these women were suspecting each other , forcing each other to tell the truth and reveal their secrets , which all happened to be plots used by many typical 60s movies . As the threat comes closer and closer , everyone of them gave up their mask and show their real character to protect themselves , but would that really help , or just makes the case more complicated ? In just one day , they found out all the love and hatred among them , and are psychological naked in front of each other . The interesting part was that each woman has their own theme song that comes out just from no where from time to time , which makes the movie awkward but funny at the same time . The dancing is very 60s but the lyrics are definitely woven into the storyline . The whole film was presented in a awkward but at the same time very unique look . People who look for a serious comedy will find it strange , people who look for a serious thriller will find it too light , people who look for a musical will find its musical elements not adequate to tell the story . However , this movie is a hybrid of all the above elements and this makes it stands out from other movies . Certainly , you will need to have a very open minded heart to watch this movie and try not to categorise it into any familiar genre , otherwise it will be a difficult movie for one to appreciate . If you can stay open in your movie experience , this is surely an enjoyable movie , despite its occasional messy moments .
 I really liked this film . It combines musical film with 1950 's mystery . It 's a fresh take on an old plot . It was also cool to see so many great French actresses in the same movie . Catherine Deneuve , Isabelle Huppert , and Fanny Ardant steal the show , but all eight actresses turned in a nearly flawless performance . There are a lot of family secrets revealed along the way and the intricacies of the characters are played well . The ending is typically European but not an unfamiliar device to American theatre patrons .
 I love French films . I mean , in all honesty they are probably my favorite films . The whole 60 's French New Wave movement contains some of the best films ever made , and the French style of filmmaking has always and will always intrigue me . ` 8 Femmes ' is just another in a long line a marvelous French films.I think what makes ` 8 Femmes ' so great is that is wholeheartedly embraces its camp value . It knows that it is preposterous and unrealistic and it does n't try to be anything more or less . I vamps it up , delivering something that goes just far enough to be over-the-top but not obnoxious . It sums up everything that is so great about the French way of filmmaking ; that carefree jovialness that elevates their films in my eyes.The film is an adaptation of a stage play written by Robert Thomas . It concerns eight women who find themselves trapped in a house with a corpse . That corpse happens to be the head of the house , Marcel . The women include Marcel 's wife , sister-in-law , mother-in-law , two daughters , his sister , his maid and his housekeeper . All eight women , as it becomes very clear , had reason to kill him , but as the coincidences and accusations start popping up it becomes even clearing that none of them did.I mean , how could it be THAT obvious?The star of this show is the script , which is woven so effortlessly and exaggerated by such comical dialog . I love that the actresses really sink down into their respective roles and just give it their all . Everyone involved delivers here . Emmanuelle Beart is one of the most beautiful women in the world , and she uses her stunning exterior to create a mysterious nymph of a character . Firmine Richard is delightfully tense here , shattering that image of the maternal caretaker -LRB- her motives reek of selfishness -RRB- . Fnny Ardant is the definition of a flirt , and while I did n't much care for her entrance -LRB- her big solo seems awkward -RRB- I loved the way she developed her character over the course of the film . Virginie Ledoyen and Ludivine Sagnier are pitch-perfect as the two daughters , every bit of difference between them yet every bit of natural similarities . Danielle Darrieux has that thankless role of ` mother-in-law ' but she is hysterical and more than makes up for it.But , the two stars here are none other than Catherine Deneuve and Isabelle Huppert . They are both extraordinary in their contrasting roles . Deneuve oozes sensuality as the wife , Gaby . She wears her lavish costumes with pride and a sense of entitlement that never budges from her shoulders . Huppert on the other hand , playing the prudish Augustine , wears her colorless frocks with a faux sense of strength that gives way to an obviously hidden shame . They compliment one another flawlessly , and Huppert 's manic meltdowns are some of the films major highlights.In the end , this musical/murder mystery is every bit of ` Clue ' or even ` Gosford Park ' with a twist , a French twist ; and those twists are always the best !
 The story was interesting from beginning to end . the actors are briliant and the twists along the story are each time more revealing !! A very good movie with the best actresses from France ! What more do you want !
 I 've loved this movie from the first time I watched it ! catherine deneuve is truly amazing in this movie . Toi Jamais is my favorite scene !
 Yes , this murder mystery is twisted and dark , but also wonderful to watch . All the characters -LRB- with the possible exception of the father -RRB- are so intriguing and bizarre ... and they tend to break out into song at the drop of a hat . What a nasty family , but one ca n't help being sucked into their vicious yet humorous little spats and heated debates . They put the fun in the word dysfunctional , without a doubt . Beyond the wonderful characters is the beautiful scenery . True that it is primarily shot indoors , but the colors are stunningly vivid and bright . Maybe it is in contrast to the darkness of the plot , I do n't know , but it is certainly a feast for the eyes . The story itself is pretty good , and not difficult to follow , but the interactions between these outstanding characters are absolutely priceless and make this movie one you should not miss .
 8 women is a good musical / murder mystery with humor , light heartedness and mystery . It combines a bunch of the best French actrices , and an enjoyable plot . A real guesser until the end .
 Seriously - take this film for what it is , watch some of the best actresses ever chew the scenery and enjoy ! Do n't expect anything too profound - but watch the faces ! Just watching Emmanuel Beart pout is worth the cost of the film alone . This is a film in love with the idea of woman but appalled at the reality . Understand that and all else becomes clear . I rate this as one of my top 50 films because I enjoy watching actors act with subtle changes in facial expressions - only the most skilled can do it -LRB- without resorting to stock expressions a la Keanu Reaves -RRB- and this film is filled with some of the best.Oh by the way of you are a fan of cheesy French Rock and Roll I deny you not too hum along to the first number . The UK DVD has the full version of this as an extra .
 8 Women is a murder mystery musical drama that was made for the theater stage , but has now been transformed onto the silver screen by Franois Ozon . The story takes place in a small mansion where 8 women are snowed in and cut off from the world after they find the businessman Marcel stabbed in the back . They all have motives to have had committed the murder , but as they can not leave they suspect and fear each other . The question is who is the guilty woman ? 8 Women is an funny murder mystery that continuously feeds the audience clues , but always keeps the audience on their toes . In the end , this is a pretty good cinematic experience , but 8 Women was probably better on the stage .
 Well I thought this movie was awesome . Granted , some may not like it . I love the humor and the perverse twists . And when they randomly burst into song , it 's classic ! The ending was totally surprising to me . So full of suspense ! I loved it . Like I said though , not for everyone . Well , c'est la vie !
 This is one of the finest french movies that I was able to enjoy in the last couple of years . It is a must see !!!
 I was hesitant , at first , but being a great fan of Catherine Deneuve and Fanny Ardant , how could I not see this film ?!? Once I decided to rent `` 8 Femmes '' I was not disappointed . In fact , I was most pleasantly surprised - the music , too , is a nice bonus . Isabelle Huppert gives a scene-stealing performance , and there is nothing bad to say about this film . See it , and enjoy !
 Go see this movie and do n't wait until it is remade into a bad American version This is a delightful , go for broke , silly film , that allows its cast and the audience to have a great time at the movies . How often does French cinema treat its audience to a cast that includes some of France 's most glamorous leading ladies -LRB- Deneuve , Huppert , Ardant , Beart -RRB- doing full on slapstick comedy and song ? 8 women , trapped in a mansion during a snowstorm in the 1950 's , find the master of the house dead . All 8 women are suspects , and are guilty of secrets , as well as digging up the dirt on one another , mud slinging , insult hurling and then singing their hearts out . One of the characters may be guilty of murder , and we learn that they all had motives ... Production values are high and attention to detail in costumes and sets are noticeable with an effort to reproduce the images of Technicolor films of the 50 's . Isabelle Huppert is a show stealer as the bitter spinster sister Augustine to Catherine Deneuve 's Gaby . Director Francois Ozon inspires great performances and manages to pull off a pretty quirky idea . I loved this film but I suppose it is not for everyone . If you are up for a well made French comedy that is a little twisted with sharp witted writing , then sit back and enjoy this French bonbon . Do n't worry about the subtitles . You will be laughing so hard you will forget you are reading them . Fun web site shows trailer and clips of songs and much more
 What a surprise and delight it is to see a movie like `` 8 Femmes . '' Having seen this movie a bit ago in the theater here in Minneapolis , I have to say that I was thoroughly impressed with it . A fan of Francois Ozon , I was at first apprehensive about it , most likely due to the emotional scars I still have after seeing `` Sitcom , '' but `` 8 Femmes , '' is not like that film at all , and is in fact , like no other movie Ozon has made so far . The shining light of the film lies in the performances of the actresses , which can only be described as a meeting of the who 's who of French actresses . Deneuve , Huppert , Beart , Ledoyen , Sagnier , and the others really create a film that is not only fun , but keeps us entranced and motivated to finally see `` whodunnit . '' This is certainly a great example of how a movie can be both entertaining and fun without a lot of action . The dialogue is witty and sharp , the sets and costumes a great throwback to the film noir mysteries of the 50 's . The musical numbers only add to the fun . Albeit silly , they seem to fit in place and add a great deal more charm to the overall film.It is a bit disappointing , though , to see that the US DVD release is not going to be getting the extravagent treatment that the DVD release in France got . I recently picked up the deluxe edition of the French release , which contains the movie , an extra disc packed completely full of special featurettes , cast interviews and more , a disc with a peformance of the play that the movie is based on , and the soundtrack on CD . Now , if only a release like that would come to the US ...
 This review refers to the widescreen DVD -LRB- Universal/Focus Features -RRB- edition of `` 8 Women '' -LRB- `` 8 femmes '' -RRB- ... I do n't usually buy a DVD unless I have already seen the film and know that I will get my money 's worth . But when I saw the cast of this one , it practically jumped into my cart all by itself . The cast includes some of the most wonderful international actresses around.From the legends to the young stars I figured I could n't go wrong with these names ... Catherine Deneuve , Isabelle Huppert , Emanuelle Beart , Fanny Ardent , Virginie Ledoyen , Danielle Darrieux , Ludivine Sagnier and Firmine Richard . I figured right.Insert tounge in cheek and get ready for 8 times the fun in this mystery/comedy . When a wealthy family plans to spend Christmas together in their secluded home , the unexpected happens . Marcel , the only man among all the women , is found murdered in his own bed . The women who all immediatley begin to suspect each other are snowed in and have found the phone wires cut.The eight women , including Marcel 's wife , daughters , mother in law , his sister,sister-in-law , the maid and the cook all have motives , they all have secrets , and they are all about half a bubble off the plumb . Whodunit ? It 's a geat treat finding out.After my first view , I was orignally planning to go 4 stars on this film as my standard for mystery/comedy is `` The Pink Panther '' , but this film was so highly entertaining and fun I know I will get years of enjoyment for myself and anyone else who views it.And as I write this I know I ca n't wait to watch it again . The actresses are brillant , work exceptionaly well together , and the story totaly engaging . Each actress even gets her own clever and fun musical numbers to perform as well . It was written and directed by Francois Ozon and adapted from the Play by Robert Thomas.Now about the DVD ... It is a great view in anamorphic widescreen -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- , a clear picture and sounds great in 5.1 surround . I had a few technical problems with it though , it could be just my copy , but there were several times where it just paused itself . Sometimes it would just restart and sometimes it would n't . I found that by reloading it a couple of times , the glitches seemed to work themselves out , but it was annoying to have to do it in the first place . There are no special features other than a couple of theatrical trailers . The film will automatically come on in French with English subtitles , but also has subtitles in Spanish as well . Another reviewer mentioned that to play it only in French without the subtitles , just click on `` 8 femmes '' instead of `` 8 Women '' , but I could not locate this option anywhere on my copy.The actresses won 2 prestigious awards for their wonderful achievement as an ensemble . A Silver Berlin Bear from the Berlin Film Festival and Best Ensemble form the European Film Awards as well . Director Francois Ozon was also recognized with a Reader Jury of the `` Berliner Morgenpost '' at the Berlin Film Festival . It was also nominated for several other awards.The film is very French ! It is rated R for some adult thematic situations -LRB- lesbianism , adultry -RRB- but I found nothing offensive or graphic about it.also available in a great francois ozon 2 pack with a fabulous thriller8 Women / Swimming Pool -LRB- Franois Ozon 2 pack -RRB- Merci Beaucoup ... LaurieIsabelle Huppert fans may also enjoy : Comedy of Innocence
 `` 8 Femmes '' is a deftly directed , vulnerable as a rose in a windstorm , touching as a sunrise , homage to women directed by Francois Ozon.The film is populated with the who 's - who of France 's film world
 ... but I do n't know why . The color -LRB- color !! -RRB- and the sets and the style and the flow of the story , along with striking performances , all add up to something much more than the sum of the parts . I rationally analyze every film I come across -- have had 4 hour conversations -LRB- lectures -RRB- on movies like Mulholland Dr -- yet ca n't explain the hold this film has on me . I wonder if others who have seen it might feel the same way?The DVD has no extras , which I was ok with because I was just happy to have it released in the US at all . The only reason the rating is not 5 stars is the unusually intrusive subtitles , which are placed too high in the frame and -LRB- strangely -RRB- can not be turned off . They often obscure details one wants to see , like mouths in close-up shots . If this was a lesser film , if the visuals were n't so compelling and the acting performances so mesmerizing and fun , one would n't care so much about losing these details . Maybe if you have n't seen it in the theater , you wo n't be bothered by it as much ...
 What a delight this movie is ! Saw it last week on a whim at the local theater.A spoof of the whodunit movie , `` 8 Women '' features eight of France 's greatest actresses all trapped together in a luxurious mansion , where even the corpse is locked away . Who has knocked off poor Marcel upstairs ? Cherchez la femme ! So along the way , all sorts of shocking confessions are made , but never any of murder , that is , until ... ! A great treat is that the action is set in the 1950s , with glorious technicolor-type photography and fetching haute couture costumes for all concerned . When I was recommending this to my brother , all I seemed to keep repeating was , `` What a beautiful woman Catherine Deneuve is ! '' I do n't know how old she is now , I suppose in her 50s somewhere , but my golly , she 's breath-taking still , especially as she 's coiffed and wardrobed here.And even if this great photography and costuming were n't enough , it 's a musical ! I was at first dumbfounded when the first number broke out , with Deneuve joining her two daughters in a wacky song and dance number . `` What does this mean ? '' , I asked my popcorn . Well , it 's no `` Sound of Music '' , but you get used to all the star turns , as every diva gets her number . There WAS one that I thought was genuinely good , the song the humiliated maid -LRB- you got ta see it to find out how that happened -RRB- sings , `` So As Not To Be Alone '' , a lament about what people will do to avoid loneliness . I thought the poetry touching and apt for that one.If you 're game for absurdism in the guise of Lush Life 1950s movies , then `` 8 Women '' 's got your number !
 8 women -LRB- 8 Femmes -RRB- is a difficult movie to describe because it is so full of contradictions
 Huit Femme is reminiscent of that 80s mystery
 I love Francois Ozon . His films are twisted , thought provoking and full of sometimes overt , sometimes covert -LRB- homo -RRB- sexual tension -LRB- see Swimming Pool or Criminal Lovers -RRB- . So when I heard about 8 Women I thought Ozon would miss the mark with this one . Thankfully he did n't . Although this is by far the tamest of Ozon 's films , his directorial skills and ability to tell a thoughtfully compelling story that is never uninteresting and keeps you on the edge of your seat is just as evident in this film as in his others . Ozon is n't a stranger to musical numbers in his films -LRB- remember the sexy dance number used as the theatrical trailer to Water Drops on Burning Rocks ? -RRB- so I was n't surprised at the first infectious pop musical number . When the second musical number made its appearance I was a bit surprised until I realized it was a vehicle for each character to reveal her personal pathos . I then looked forward to each new musical number that appeared . The plot is your typical Agatha Christie whodunit fare where everyone is lying to hide their secret , where no amount of backstabbing and name-calling is enough . What really makes this a great film is the attention to detail and the beautiful , beautiful women . The film has that gorgeous 50s Technicolor look , the costumes are impeccable 50s French couture and the women are so gorgeous you 're hard pressed to pick which one is the most beautiful . This a film that is meant purely for entertainment and boy is it ever entertaining . How can you not like it ?
 `` 8 Women '' is a sly , tongue-in-cheek homage to old movie murder mysteries and classic Hollywood musicals . It 's a unique mystery/musical combo . There are many delicious aspects to this movie not the least of which is the sparkling screenplay , which is alternately satirical and poignant , and eight skillful performances by the appealing lead actresses . Among the standouts
 What a great display of acting and sinister fun . Kind of a Murder On the Orient Express with a slanted French female view -- with a musical thrown in for good measure.To see such top drawer French talent letting their hair down and revealing their most embarassing secrets is a delight.The whole atmosphere is catty as everyone suspects one another.Deneuve is the glue as the wicked cast surround each other like hungry wolves.Isabelle Huppert , the nerdy uptight aunt is a marvel -- watch out for one of the best transformations you 'll ever see.Each cast member is a gem and the whole sordid affair leads to a very surprising who dunnit ending -- do n't want to give anything away.This is one campy half sick joke of a movie that grows deeper and richer as one reflects on it.One of the ten best films from 2002 . Too many critics missed the boat on this one .
 When it comes to French women on film , the only sure bet is that they are n't what they appear on the surface . And it 's not just in controversial genre-benders like recently acclaimed French flicks Amelie or the sadomasochistic tour-de-force , The Piano Teacher . Sure , they can sizzle with sheer physical oomph on-screen . But unlike their more physically endowed , brasher and brighter Hollywood counterparts , the French diva is more well-rounded in terms of repertoire and emotional sophistication . And it pays off cinematically.In 8 Women -LRB- 8 Femmes -RRB- , the reigning divas of French cinema converge on a genre-bending murder mystery musical , and ham it up with convincing panache and verve amid hyper-glam ` 50s costumes and sets . There 's a cracking plot , but the film is more a tongue-in-chic tribute to la femme francaise in all her varied plummage.Franois Ozon 's campy murder mystery romp is less an ensemble performance than a simultaneous showcase for top divas -LRB- down to the lighting , painstakingly arranged so as to favour ALL of the leads equally on screen -RRB- . It has all the archetypal caricatures out on display
 Charmingly funny movie with the creme de la creme of french actresses . I was impressed by the vivid color of both the cinematography and the portrayals , that I find myself watching this movie again and again . Isabelle Huppert gives and outstanding performance as the spinster sister to Catherine Denueve , who is perfectly cast in her portrayal of the sexy wife and mother . Fanny Ardant is beautiful as always and gives a standout performance . All of these women were perfectly cast . The plot was surprising with twists and turns all leading up to the climax . A classic who-done-it with a bit of slapstick and music . A definate must see . However the DVD does not have the ability to turn off the subtitles , for those of us that find them a distraction .
 5 stars in my book but really this one is not for everyone . it 's fun . it 's quirky . at times silly . it 's catherine deneuve doing slapstick ! the women are great and generally gorgeous - i mean `` drop dead '' . Even a `` 3-dollar Bill '' like me would practically cash in my chips just watching Fanny Ardant do a GILDA type `` put the blame on mame '' type number in her very first scene . yes , it is a musical . no , the songs do n't exactly further the plot as they do in good musicals but who cares ? often the songs do reveal much about the character singing . it 's sooooooo FRENCH . had to watch it again while waiting for the video guy to pick it up . think i 'll rent it up again this weekend . you should too .
 Having caught this cinema release in Dec ' 02 , I was counting the days until I could get my hands on my own copy ! I had the girls in work dancing to the internet soundtrack - what a riot!AND WHAT A CAST ! Eight beautiful , sexy and wonderful actors.Vanilla DVD a little disappointing - What I would have given for interviews , especially with Catherine and Fanny!A MUST SEE !
 this film was a wonderful french forgein film . it was beautifully shot in only a living room . the costumes and actresses fit their parts perfectly . this story is about 8 women finding out that the father has been killed and that the murderer is one of them . the stories twists and turns keep you thinking till the end . the women give away life secrets in the process of finding the murderer . the actresses will break out into song in the middle of a sentence causing many laughs and bright eyes . the story was intressting and vibrant although only shot in the living room . the characters may seem a bit extravagant but thats what makes this movie a head turner , and a great converstation starter . even after the movie is over i was just as happy as in the beginning , middle and end . a wonderful fabulous movie .
 The creme de la creme of France 's glamorous dramatic actresses have been brought together in this murder mystery in which all manner of sordid family secrets are revealed.Who 'd have thought such a premise could be so funny?With 8 Women , director Franois Ozon crafts a brilliant satire of the old drawing-room murder mysteries , and fills it with a giddy , campy glee . All the characters are stock stereotypes , the plot twists grow more and more convoluted until they start contradicting each other , and the actresses perform the tongue-in-cheek dialogue with almost melodramatic seriousness.And each of them gets a song.It 's very clear here everyone 's having fun , especially Isabelle Huppert , Fanny Ardant , and Virginie Ledoyen , who get to make fun of the deadly serious roles they 're known for -LRB- such as in The Piano Teacher , Elizabeth , and A Single Girl , respectively -RRB- . Ludivine Sagnier , who is both frightening and scorchingly sexy in Ozon 's more recent film Swimming Pool , is the exact opposite here
 After the absorbing `` Under The Sand '' , director Francois Ozon has completely changed tack with this delightful confection starring some of French cinema 's most legendary and indeed most beautiful actresses . Taking his cue from the stereotypical murder mystery with suspects trapped in a secluded mansion , Ozon has transformed this into a colourful and sometimes even camp -LRB- in the best sense of the word -RRB- film with women at the centre.It is difficult to single out individual performances - however the two youngest actresses , Virginie Ledoyen and Ludivine Sagnier suffer a little in the presence of the great firmament of acting . Catherine Deneuve , as always is luminous while Firmine Richard gets the best song , and her delivery gives it added pathos . Emmanuelle Beart is sultry , Fanny Ardant is vampy and the grande dame of the cinema , Danielle Darrieux -LRB- `` Voluers ! Assasins ! '' -RRB- adds great comic touches . However , by a nose the most outstanding performace has to be Isabelle Huppert 's spinster , Augustine . It would have been easy to go over the top with her character -LRB- and at times she veers dangerously close -RRB- but she is able to pull back and her `` singing moment '' challenges Richard 's for being the most heart-breaking . The film does betray its theatrical origins sometimes but this lends itself to the artifice that Ozon wishes to create . Once you have got over the unlikely scenario of suspects in a murder breaking into song , you will sit back and thoroughly enjoy this winning musical .
 First of all , an important note about the DVD . There 's no English dub ; it 's in French with subtitles . I would n't * want * to watch this in a dubbed version , but American audiences are notoriously monolingual.At any rate , there are n't a lot of movies that belong on the same shelf with this musical murder mystery -- perhaps the Rocky Horror Picture Show , but that 's a stretch.This is basically an excuse to see some great actresses chew on the scenery . Deneuve is wonderful , of course , but Beart is positively breathtaking . The plot and the minute-by-minute revelations are really just an excuse for over-the-top acting and the movie 's surreal musical numbers . It 's great fun .
 Seemingly a French take-off on the classic English Mystery Play format this delightful farce is actually a perfect proof of how great and sexy , women of all ages are -LRB- especially French women -RRB- . Starring
 What hysterical campy fun ! I first saw this movie when it first came out in 2003 , but have seen it many times since and it never fails to crack me up . There is so much going on that I sometimes need to watch it a few times so that I can watch the actresses instead of being distracted by the subtitles . There are so many laugh - out - loud moments.I can see why some found it lacking or even banal . However , from my stand point , it was done so over the top that I ca n't imagine that the actresses themselves could keep a straight face while doing this . That being said , director Ozon has done and excellent job of keeping this whodunit walking the fine line between silly and seriousness as to not be too ridiculous.Isabelle Huppert gives the most outrageously funny performance of them all as the spinster , hypochondriac , drama queen sister-in-law . I did n't even recognize her at first . Normally known for her excellent portrayal of dark , twisted , tortured characters , she camps it up totally in this as Augustine . And Danielle Darrieux is so funny as Gaby 's -LRB- Catherine Deneuve -RRB- somewhat doddering mother pretending non-existent ailments . All the actresses do a great job though , even over acting the over acting.Marcel , the only man in the film , is found murdered and all 8 women in his life
 First off , I 'd like to comment on the fact that this flick has a `` theater '' feel to it . It feels as though the audience is interacting with the cast.This musical whodunit mystery/black comedy is quite entertaining -LRB- and very French -RRB- . Ozone uses bright colors and outlandish wardrobe as usual on this canvas . The musical score was fresh and although it was n't necessary to further the plot , it added yet another dimension of artistry to the film . The actresses in this were clearly having a good time , and won me over right from the get-go . The plot is a typical `` clue-style '' story where 8 women are all suspects in a murder and they are trapped in a house with each other.A must see for all `` artsy '' film lovers !
 This French campy farce should have had a wider distribution and had better publicity for its release in the US . The movie is a geniuine hoot from beginning to end . And the ending is a real treat to amateur detectives .
 It is the late 1950 's . You see a beautiful country house , and a lot of snow . Inside , there is a man and seven women . The man is Marcel -LRB- Dominique Lamure -RRB- , the owner of the house , who is sleeping in his bedroom . The women are his wife Gaby -LRB- Catherine Deneuve -RRB- , his daughters Catherine -LRB- Ludivine Sagnier -RRB- and Suzon -LRB- Virginie Ledoyen -RRB- , his eccentric mother-in-law -LRB- Danielle Darrieux -RRB- , his somewhat neurotic sister-in-law Augustine -LRB- Isabelle Huppert -RRB- , his housekeeper Chanel -LRB- Firmine Richard -RRB- and Louise -LRB- Emmanuelle B&eacute;art -RRB- , a remarkably attractive maid . Seven women , and one man , who unfortunately turns up dead some minutes after the film begins . Should I clarify that he has been assassinated ? . A late addition to that ensemble is Pierrete -LRB- Fanny Ardent -RRB- , Marcel 's estranged sister , who drops in uninvited at the house just when mayhem has erupted after the discovery of Marcel 's dead body . Voil&agrave;
 I 've been running my own little French film festival of late . I go on jags like that periodically . As it happened , I loaded up on a number of grim ones -LRB- NOIR ET BLANC , EST-OUEST and LA HAINE among the most recent -RRB- . So I was about ready for some lighter fare and HUIT FEMMES more than filled the bill.My French film festival has also been something of a Deneuve festival as well , and seeing Catherine hold her own against seven other remarkable French actresses -LRB- and one French actor , who 's a bit of a stiff -RRB- was a delight . Huppert , Ardant , Beart -- and a very lively Danielle Darrieux as `` Mamy '' are all merveilleuses . Relative newcomers Virginie Ledoyen and Ludivine Sagnier are equally wonderful.As others have noted , it 's sort of `` Agatha Christie `` en francais . '' With a touch of UMBRELLAS OF CHERBOURG thrown in for good measure . -LRB- And no , the musical numbers are not a distraction unless you 're a mystery purist , and if that 's the case this fun flick is not going to be your tasse de the -RRB- . Not all French escapist fare fares well in tranlation , but 8 FEMMES is a bon-bon that is truly bon .
 Actually , apart from Catherine Deneuve who is famous worldwide , the other actresses of this French movie are not quite unfamiliar to the American audience either . I believe most moviegoers must have recognized Emmanuelle Beart -LRB- the sexy girl of `` Mission Impossible '' -RRB- , Isabelle Huppert -LRB- the frustrating woman of `` The Piano Teacher '' -RRB- , Virginie Ledoyen -LRB- Francoise of `` The Beach '' -RRB- , Fanny Ardant -LRB- Mary de Guise of `` Elizabeth '' -RRB- , and Ludivine Sagnier -LRB- the bombshell of the recently released `` Swimming Pool '' -RRB- . As for Danielle Darrieux , strange as it may seem , she once starred as the mother of Catherine Deneuve -LRB- and of Catherine 's real life sister Francoise Dorleac -RRB- in another French musical , `` Les demoiselles de Rochefort '' -- although that one was not as good as Catherine 's debut `` Les parapluies de Cherbourg '' . While watching a movie with all the above mentioned actresses was quite a treat already , I particularly enjoyed them lipsync some beautiful French songs of the '60s
 This musical is a feel-good without making you feel bad for feeling good . It is fun , hip , cute , the clothes are adorable . The acting is great . The songs are n't painful and the plot is classic . I think the concept of this movie is great . The end .
 Know the saying `` so bad it 's good '' ? That 's probably how you can sum up `` 8 Women '' I can understand anyone putting this movie down . They are the ones that are looking for `` substance . '' But as the Amazon review said , it 's `` giddy fluff . '' And I agree with one reviewer who said `` it 's out there , but engaging . '' -LRB- It deals with lesbianism , incest , and adultery -RRB- . It is not supposed to be taken seriously . It 's cute , funny , and has some very catchy songs and dances all wrapped up into a murder mystery . This is the kind of movie I would usually give 1 star to because it is corny and has no real plot line , but somehow I really like it . I think it is one of the few `` corny '' movies you will like . The performances are up to par , and it really seems like these great French actresses are in on the `` corniness '' of the movie and are just having fun . I think I enjoyed it too because I like anything that is French
 Those who liked Gosford Park and The Sleuth will certainly like this flick . This movie is an interesting whodunit and styled on a stage play more than a movie and with absolutely no nudity . Must say , this is very rare for a French film.The entire movie setting is in one house , belonging to Marcel . Marcel lives with his wife , Gaby , his two daughters -LRB- Catherine and Suzan -RRB- , his invalid mother-in-law -LRB- Mamy -RRB- and his sister-in-law -LRB- Augustine -RRB- . The staff comprises two maids - Chanel -LRB- an amazon woman , much like Mammy in Gone With The Wind -RRB- and Louise -LRB- a good looking young woman -RRB- . Thus , there are 7 women living in the house . The 8th woman is Marcel 's sister , Pierrette , who lives in the neighbourhood and whom no one in the family likes ; appears she is promiscuous.The movie begins with Marcel being found in his bed with a knife stuck in his back . The phone lines are dead , the gates of the mansion are closed and it 's snowing terribly . Hence , all the 7 women are trapped in the house and are not able to get out even to call the police . Because the dogs did not bark all night and even in the morning , the 7 women come to the conclusion that one of them is the killer . What ensues are conversations amongst these women that tell their secrets - and each of them have some -LRB- not just one ! -RRB- . Of course , someone -LRB- a woman -RRB- had also telephoned Pierrette to tell her that her brother has been murdered ; she drops by -LRB- with a lift from a baker -RRB- to ask if this was true . Thus , all 8 women gather in the same house , each suspecting each other of murder and all working towards proving it.The plot thickens when secrets are slowly revealed ; there are a lot of secrets that cross the paths of these women as well and have nothing to do with Marcel , per se.The end is twisted and well made . I was impressed by the fact that it actually had a logical conclusion . Of course , I am going to keep the suspense going and not reveal the end in the hope that you all watch the movie!Although the story is a bit complicate in terms of its inter-linkages , it is precisely this that makes it very interesting . The characters do break into songs periodically -LRB- 5 % of the show time -RRB- , but that is only a way of introducing a perspective of that particular character . The musical style has been used tastefully and does not come across has jarring to the viewer . All-in-all , a really good whodunit - you will not be disappointed .
 I found it to be a good movie to watch as the women of the mansion try and solve the `` murder '' of the patriarch . Each woman has some sort of a relationship with the `` deceased '' . They have a pivotal role in the involvement of the man and confess their secrets . The movie itself was good but it could do much better without the musicals .
 ... If you havent taken the time to see more films with Isabelle Huppert , you are definately depriving yourself of one of the greatest actors in this world . She does complete 180 's from part to part , and if you couldnt tell it was her because of what she looks like , you wouldnt know it was her , she is one of the greatest actors of this time ... so seeing her in a fun light hearted role was enjoyable ... this movie is a silly murder mystery , and gives an eye in on the frenchs ' musical styles . Its cute , and I had to stay till the end untill i figured it all out ... Its just fun , I do n't think its the greatest foreign films , but i thourougly enjoyed myself the whole time . I give it a four , because it seemed to be a bit slow at times , but on the whole , still an A -
 Well , no one said it was supposed to be serious , and it 's not . It 's just a silly , riotous evening of laughter , some of it so ` out there ' that you ca n't believe you 're actually watching it . Cast is loaded with French ` name ' actresses , all 8 of them . Full of sidelong glances , over the top cliches , French stereotypes , nut-ball songs and dances - and a murder . Dum-de-dum-dum . With skits and schticks that 'll keep you up giggling as you remember them later in bed when you 're trying to sleep , and with a setting -LRB- remote snowbound country home -RRB- that is sure to remind you of some of Agatha Christie 's classics , this one is a winner , all the way .
 If it were n't for the quality of the cast -LRB- Catherine Deneuve , Isabel Huppert , Fanny Ardant , Emmaunuelle Beart , et al -RRB- this lonely DVD might not capture the eye of the casual movie buyer/renter . But no matter the reason for watching this , here is a spoofy little surprise that once you allow yourself into relaxing into the parody and 50 's sets/costumes/mindsets you 'll hopefully find entrancing . The story is a simple one
 I really enjoyed this movie . It is a thriller/mystery where a murder has been committed and it is plain that it has to be one of 8 women , but who exactly . Everyone appears to have a good reason to have committed the act and the accusations , jealousies and intrigues are rife.A treat to have some of the very top French actresses all in the same film and the acting is great .
 This is one of the most enjoyable films I 've seen in years . Francois Ozon is the best new director to emerge from France in the past decade , most of his films are considerably darker than this mystery/musical but he shifts gears beautifully -LRB- the movie does have a whiff of the comic decadence that is the Ozon trademark . -RRB- The movie is beautifully photographed with a glossy look that evokes the American Technicolor films of the 1950 's -LRB- especially the candy-colored films of Universal from the era such as Douglas Sirk 's soap operas . -RRB- The movie is in fact set in the 1950 's although this point is not stressed . The whole cast is wonderful and for the most part , sing great . I 've played many of the song tracks again and again . Ludvine Sagner as a great French teen rock-n-roll number , Frimine Richard sings a very moving ballad , and French film legend Danielle Darrieux -LRB- a movie star for over 70 years !! -RRB- closes the film with a poignant number . Catherine Deneuve may not be much of a singer but she is still a gorgeous screen presence in her late fifties and recalls Lana Turner here in her chic matron period -LRB- although Lana was almost 20 years younger during this stint than Catherine is now !! -RRB- I do want to add though my copy of this DVD does not come equipped to turn the English subtitles off as others have also stated . I frankly much prefer EIGHT WOMEN to the recent American film musicals that have made a splash , it 's a love letter to eight outstanding French actresses .
 8 Femmes -LRB- 8 Women -RRB- is a delightful movie that is both funny and surprisingly moving . I ca n't say enough good things about Fanny Ardant ! She is undoubtedly one of the best actresses not just in France , but in the world . Ardant was sizzling ! There had never been a more sexy 50-something woman ! Catherine Deneuve was also priceless and beautiful as ever . One of my favourite scenes was with Ardant and Deneuve . It was quite a coup for director Ozon to get both legendary actresses to be in the same movie AND to share such a delicious catfight scene that evolved into a passionate kiss ! It 's worth to pay money just to watch that one scene ! It was a beautiful sequence that worked almost like a ballet.All 8 actresses gave excellent performances . It was a true ensemble where the entire cast compliment one another . No one missed a beat . Each character is different and each actress had her own style , but they all fit together seamlessly in this glorious , fun , feel-good movie !
 I saw this film in Europe in the summer of 2002 , and really , really loved it . How the director ever managed to get virtually the entire A-list of French actresses to agree to star in the same film must be regarded as a triumph and something to be savoured . The comedy and the mystery aspects of this films are wonderfully balanced so that just when you think you 've figured it all out , the director throws in a curve that keeps you on your toes -- not to mention the French pop songs that keep popping up in odd yet pleasing ways . The image that comes to mind is of a murder mystery in which there is a sub-plot of a girl having trouble with her boyfriend/husband/significant other -- then bursting into a rendition of Nancy Sinatra 's `` These Boots Were Made for Walking '' just as he walks into the room.HOWEVER , French and Spanish speakers beware ! For us , this DVD was not put together well . Unlike most DVD 's the viewer can not remove the English subtitles from the bottom of the screen . The only opition open is to add Spanish subtitles over the top third of the screen so that they compete with the English subtitles over the bottom third of the screen . Using the Spanish subtitles will essentially block out most of the video footage . Since I bought the DVD thinking I could erase the English subtitles , I was disappointed with the features of the DVD . The movie itself is still one of my favourites of the year and I am very glad I bought it .
 Franois Ozon -LRB- Criminal Lovers , Gouttes d'eau sur pierres brlantes -RRB- has outdone himself with his deliciously entertaining comedy/mystery/musical . With a cast to kill for , beautifully colorful settings and costumes , and a fun musical number for each of the 8 women , you ca n't go wrong.At an isolated mansion in the snowy countryside of 1950s France , a family has gathered for the holiday season , but before the festvities can begin , their beloved patriarch is brutally murdered . The killer can only be one of the eight women closest to the man of the house . Was it his miserable wife , his spinster sister-in-law , or his shrewd mother-in-law ? Maybe it was the insolent chambermaid or the loyal housekeeper ? Or could it possibly have been one of his two daughters ? A surprise visit from the victim 's sister sends the household into a frenzy , encouraging hysterics , exacerbating rivalries and encompassing musical interludes . Comic situations arise with the revelations of dark and twisted family secrets . Each woman is a suspect , each has a motive , and each has a secret . One of them is actually guilty.This wonderful whodunit offers a parade of every name-brand French actress of the past half century and the real thrill is watching icons like Catherine Deneuve , Isabelle Huppert , Danielle Darrieux and Fanny Ardant break into song . The songs , all French pop hits ala `` Moulin Rouge , '' are all about longing and secret wishes long suppressed , and that gives the film a bit more gravity than you might first expect.The screenplay by Ozon and Marina de Van , based ona play by Robert Thomas , is mesmerizing in its manipulation of facts , truths , mistruths , lies , deceptive acts , secrets , and revelations . The secrets are revealed slowly , and although somewhat predictable , they still manage to shock and bewilder . The film takes a twist toward high camp in the second half , but it is all done tastefully and in good fun.Lavish production values , brilliant cinematography , and energetic performances alone make this film a must . One of the best films of 2002 , this was definitely snubbed for a Best Foreign Film Oscar nomination . It 's a great film ...
 Having stumbled onto this film being played on TV late last night and given that Emmanuelle B&eacute;art was in this , I was immediately hooked into watching it . As has been mentioned it does feature a stellar cast from l'histoire du cin&eacute;ma francais . Deneuve , B&eacute;art , Fanny Ardant , Isabelle Huppert ... the list goes on . And being that the story revolves around these 8 women -LRB- yes I know but there was really no other way of putting it -RRB- , it keeps you locked in.What I found fascinating were the songs . Now normally I hate musicals or films where they seem to break into song practically at random -LRB- think Rocky Horror Picture Show -RRB- but this I can tolerate . The songs are so poetic and indeed high in camp factor but it 's fun to look at the choreography behind the songs . It 's almost like every actor had to study the choreography of their song in detail right down to having tears welling up in their eyes . Which is pure brilliance . Even if you do n't like French pop songs you can still laugh at how they got their choreographed movements to perfection as if you were watching a pop video which , when it breaks into a song , is exactly what it becomes!The basic plot of the film is really just a family find that the only man of the house is dead . So whodunnit ? This leads to questions over betrayal , family secrets and the web of lies that has been spun by each and every member of the family . Now a film like this might bore you really but what keeps it alive other than the songs is the chemistry between each and everyone of the actresses . There seems to be no such problems over ego and each play their part competently and seem to take on their character to the point where the character becomes them . Which is the sign of great actors pulling together as a team to create a great movie . No ifs , no ands , no buts ! Oh and if you are not moved by the last song that is played in this film , I will be amazed as it is so beautiful in its truthfulness that it makes me want to hear it again and maybe even cry . It 's that good!Just simply superb . There 's nothing else to add .
 To start of , I am not a fan of Francois Ozon , his stories always seemed to be over sexed to sell more tickets . I only decided to watch this movie because of the 8 actresses -LRB- Deneuve and Bear especially -RRB- . The story was shot and acted as a stage play . The colors , setting and the characters all looked perfect . However , this ideal picture is just an illusion for it hid beneath it rotten characters . The eight women are all selfish , murder , greedy and adulterous . Though the characters are not defined completely , the actresses do bring life and a sense of fun in portraying them . Off course , I can not review this movie without talking about the song . Its true none of the actresses is a real singer -LRB- Darrieux and Deneuve did actually record music -RRB- nevertheless , the songs were preformed `` well '' . Arden 's song - a quoi sert de vivre liber was well preformed and actually better the original version -LRB- whish was sung by Nicoletta -RRB- . The songs are actually hits from the 70 's and 60 's . Most of the songs are integrated perfectly into the movie to reviel character in their most `` naked '' moment . The song of the legendary singer Dalida `` Pour ne pas vivre seul '' was perfectly used - though badly preformed - to illustrate the loneliness of the housekeeper . Ozon again implemented his techniques in sexual tension by over using lesbianism in this movie . However , this is an entertaining movie to watch and to monitor the tension of those 8 `` women '' that are locked in a small space . Finally , people ask what is the point of the movie ? well on the surface it is just a murder mystery however , underlying it is a pessimistic message that true love is hard to get and even harder to keep , or as Darrieux say it in her final number Il y a pas d'amour heureux ! .
 This film is very reminiscent of The Mousetrap , or any other play by the Queen of Crime . Murder suspects all trapped in the house with a dead body , sharp insights into humanity , the slow unravelling of skeletons in the closets ... the standard Christie fare . But Ozon has added his own touch to a classic plot with the musical comedy twist , interspersing shocking revelations with light-hearted yet revealing song and dance numbers.This film really brings into sharp relief the fact that people can live together nearly all their lives and yet know next to nothing about each other . The twisting , shifting relationships between sisters and mothers and daughters , the envy , jealousy , and greed ... But the occasional flashes of pathos and genius , and the remarkable acting aside , the plot does not hold together psychologically . Once you start analysing the story , it simply breaks down . The crime that is not exactly a crime , the puzzling and all together unbelievable motive behind the whole thing is really a huge put off and an anticlimax after a fantastic beginning and middle . But if you can ignore the disappointing ending , the film is still a solid four stars.For the non-French viewer , be sure to get a version with subtitles for the songs as well . I was disappointed when my VCD did n't come with translations for the songs , which made it difficult to really enjoy them though the music was good .
 What a fantasia of French Filming ! Not being too familiar with the actresses , I went into this movie with an open mind . No preconceived notions . It took just a few moments to get used to reading the subtitles and watching the faces for the reactions and subtlety that makes the film what it is . It is what I would call kitsch or campy , but that is not a terrible thing ! The sheer unexpectedness of suddenly bursting into song during a heated scene is magical . The women are all beautiful in there way , and are able to reveal the facets of their character in such an intriguing way , that you are crying for more by the film 's end . The only thing that I personally found a little off about the movie is the overwhelming lesbian influences . Do n't get me wrong , I am not a judge on any form of sexuality or other supposed social morays or taboos , and certain character 's sexuality is integral to the plot . It is just that this film seemed to be overflowing with it . Which to me , distracted from the plot , rather than adding to it . All in all , an excellent choice that has become a permanent part of my film collection .
 Ouzon explores the feminine universe through the lives and times of 8 women around the sudden crime of the only man of the house . 8 women , every one of them with their affective lacks , their tribulations . Little miseries , sorrows and disillusions . Each one oft them is potentially suspicious of having murdered Marcel.The admirable photography and colossal arrangement of a beautiful stage , with a sublime red carpet that remind us Bergman in Cries and whispers plus the visible and well deserved homage top Alfred Hitchcock -LRB- Vertigo -RRB- expressed warmly in the last quarter of the film , plus the additional musical numbers make of this film an absolute and delicious feast to your senses.A must-see !
 This farcical `` who done it '' is funny , absurd , campish , and silly all at the same time . Starring a kind of premiere selection of leading ladies of the French cinema , 8 femmes reminds me of similar tongue-in-cheek `` who done its '' such as Agatha Christie 's Ten Little Indians and especially Neil Simon 's Murder by Death.Adapted from the play by Robert Thomas , which accounts for the stage play feel to the production , this one begins -- as a proper murder mystery might -- with a murder in a well-appointed house out in the country . Somehow everyone is stranded there and of course under suspicion . While Neil Simon made fun of detectives in Murder by Death , and Agatha Christie made fun of murder , period , here the fun is on the players themselves . What follows , as all point fingers away from themselves , is a whole lot of dirty laundry and closet skeletons being tossed about.The scandalous revelations , including interracial lesbianism , same - and heterosexual incest , etc. , are particularly ironic since the film is set in the staid fifties . -LRB- Note Suzon 's pink/orange pony skirt . -RRB- To quote a line from the film , `` it 's a sad family affair '' played for laughs with a kind of absurdist delight . Yet , there is no nudity or anything resembling sexual titillation anywhere in the film . Strange.In another sense this is a celebration of some of the French cinema 's leading ladies who get to strut their stuff and play it for laughs.Catherine Deneuve heads the cast as Gaby the wife of the murdered . She looks stately , beautiful and more than a bit spoiled . Danielle Darrieux at 85 steals a few scenes as the mother , Mamy . Isabelle Huppert makes herself into a neurotic , dotty old maid named Augustine while Emmanuelle Beart plays Louise , the sexy maid . Fanny Ardant is Pierrette , Gaby 's scandalous sister-in-law . The cast takes turns doing lightweight song and dance numbers which tends to fluff out the production in a sweet fifties-ish way . In a kind of gender joke , no men appear in the movie , although we do see the back of Marcel -LRB- Gaby 's husband -RRB- a couple of times.You will not be able to guess who done it , but I will not tell you why.See this for Danielle Darrieux , one the grande dames of the French cinema whose film credits go back to 1931 -- yes , 1931 . She has a lot of fun in a juicy part .
 During a snowstorm , eight women are stranded in a French country home with the corpse of the murdered family patriarch . Slightly bizarre , low-key French film pokes fun at the comedy murder mystery genre while heralding the feminine mystique of domesticity and dominance . It has the added distinction of breaking into song from each of the eight principal players , a strangely satisfying technique that often delivers touching portraits of womankind . This is as intoxicating as a glass of fine French wine .
 I 've loved this movie for the longest and I 'm so glass that it was available . Great customer service from the vendor and a quality product . So excited to add it to my collection .
 In 1950 's France , a family is gathered to celebrate Christmas in an isolated mansion . When the patriarch is murdered , everyone in the house comes under scrutiny ; the wife Gaby -LRB- Catherine Deneuve -RRB- , the spinster sister-in-law Augustine -LRB- Isabelle Huppert -RRB- , the mother-in-law Mamy -LRB- Danielle Darrieux -RRB- , the chambermaid Louise -LRB- Emmanuelle Beart -RRB- , the daughters Suzon -LRB- Virginie Ledoyen -RRB- and Catherine -LRB- Ludivine Sagnier -RRB- . When the victim 's sister Pierrette -LRB- Fanny Ardant -RRB- arrives , the household is sent into chaos . In one particularly fraught scene , what starts as a girl fight , ends up with Gaby and Pierrette in a passionate embrace on the floor.In an unusual twist , this murder mystery turns musical as each actress sings a song in this campy musical murder mystery.French Language/English SubtitlesChris AldersonAuthor of the 2013 Lesbian Film Guide
 This movie by Francois Ozon is a gorgeous pearl in french Cinema because it invites , the time of a motion picture , 8 great french actresses . Some of them , whom have never played together before such as Catherine Deneuve and Isabelle Huppert , take pleasure in presenting themselves in their own archetypes and to blow them into pieces in front of us.As for its plot , the movie consists of a winter day where 8 women , locked in a mansion , try to guess which one of them murdered the landlord . Is it his wife -LRB- Catherine Deneuve -RRB- , one of his daughters -LRB- Ludivine Sagnier and Virginie Ledoyen -RRB- , his sister-in-law -LRB- Isabelle Huppert -RRB- , his mother-in-law -LRB- Danielle Darrieux -RRB- , his house cleaning lady -LRB- Firmine Richard -RRB- , his maid -LRB- Emanuelle Beart -RRB- or his sister -LRB- Fanny Ardant -RRB- ? Along with popular french songs -LRB- one for each actress -RRB- and of scandalous surprises , Francois Ozon also shows us how , in his special features he co-adapted with Marina De Van a play by Robert Thomas -LRB- that was judged unfashionable by one of the producers -RRB- and gave it a better plot line and better twists.Personally , it is also a movie which enabled me to discover other directors with whom they have worked -LRB- such as Michael Haneke , Lars von Trier , Francois Truffaut , Claude Chabrol , Christophe Honore , Marjane Satrapi and Vincent Paronnaud , etc. -RRB- and to discover movies that are different and that do not follow the rules of Hollywood cinema.As such , I think this popular movie is a good introduction to European cinema .
 I am not going to say anything about the DVD itself since I own the French one , and not this one.I would just like to comment on a few things said by the previous writers.This movie can be watched in a couple of ways.First , there is indeed a murder plot . And you can spend the whole movie trying to find out who the culprit is . You have eight women that might have murdered Marcel , but only one has done it.This is the first level , and , to me , not the most interesting one.Secondly , there are a lot of references to the Cinema , with a capital C. For instance , Franois Ozon says -LRB- in the bonus -RRB- that Isabelle Huppert 's hair color -LRB- when she goes down the stairs -RRB- refers to Rita Hayworth 's hair color . And he referred also to a lot of American movies -LRB- like Cukor 's Women for ex . -RRB- , and also to some French movies.You ca n't watch this movie without thinking of Truffaut , for instance . When Gaby - Deneuve - says to Suzon - Ledoyen -
 This film is a spoof of the `` country house murder mystery '' genre -- 8 women and a corpse snowed in at a country manor . Every once in a while one of them breaks into song and a new family secret is revealed . Fast paced and funny . French , but subtitles .
 8 Women is a lightweight , stylish and funny murder mystery . But forget the murder . The movie really is a terrific excuse to have several of France 's greatest actresses strut their stuff . We might as well get the plot out of the way quickly . There 's a snowed-in country home , elegant looking and filled with elegant women . A man is found dead and one of the women in the house killed him . Who and why?In addition to the male corpse , there 's the corpse 's wife , his mother-in-law , his two daughters , his sister , his sister-in-law , the chambermaid and the housekeeper . In order , they are Catherine Deneuve , Danielle Darrieux , Virginie Ledoyan and Ludivine Sagnier , Fanny Ardant , Isabelle Huppert , Emmanuelle Beart and Firmine Richard . And as they tell us their stories , while the corpse stays chilled in an upstairs bedroom , they each sing French pop songs . It 's all odd , funny and endearing . If they all look much like a selection of French bon bons , that 's because the movie itself looks like a colorful candy box.Isabelle Huppert is one of my favorite actresses in any language , and it was good to see her play an amusing part for a change . I 'm not sure how many other actresses of her caliber can glare and make it funny . Danielle Darrieux at 85 is a wonder . The sight of Fannie Ardant and Catherine Deneuve rolling around on the floor in a semi-Sapphic tussle was gripping . And those who want to have their illusions about tomboys shattered , just watch Sagnier as the youngest daughter here and then as the under-clothed bombshell she played the following year in Swimming Pool.Who is the killer ? You wo n't find out from me , although that 's scarcely the point of the movie . As Darrieux tells us in song , `` There is no happy love . '' Still , murder can be a pleasure when it involves these eight actresses .8 Women is an easy movie to watch more than once . The DVD picture and audio are first-rate .
 I recently purchased both Hoopnotica Beginner Levels 1 and 2 . I am new to hoop dancing and I watched both of these DVDs from beginning to end without hooping just to concentrate on the instructions . I think they are both excellent DVDs as they are very clear , organized and concise . If you are trying to decide on which one to get , I recommend that you start with the Level 1 , but really you should get both . I plan to collect these as they come out , they are really that good . -LRB- Note that these are n't exercise routine DVDs - they are for learning the techniques of hoop dancing . -RRB-
 They are n't entirely clear this is n't a linear follow up to the first DVD in the `` Series '' which is focused on technique and movement . This one is more of a straight up workout dvd that is presented over 3 levels depending on your own fitness level . It 's not bad and I do hope the series comes back .
 I really enjoy these DVDs . The instruction is very straight forward and easy to follow . I would absolutely recommend this for beginning hoop dancers !
 I know how to do a basic hula hoop around the waist and am looking for a DVD that I can get some exercise and burn some calories with.For anyone who might have viewed both Hoopnotica Beginner Level 1 and Hoopnotica Beginner Level 2 -- would you suggest I get 1 or 2 for my purpose?Thanks .
 Despite its crude , disgusting and vulgar content , Midgets vs. Mascots has the soft underbelly of teaching people not to put labels on one another . For instance , it is WRONG to use the term ` Midget ' - they 're LITTLE PEOPLE.Aside from that , this is a film like no other , and a comedy like no other . I had the luxury of meeting the cast and crew at the Tribecca Film Festival in April , 2009 -LRB- though it was n't very pleasant to meet Gary Coleman , who put his head down on a table and did n't speak to anyone -RRB- . These people had the time of their lives making this movie , which I 'm sure was just as fun to make as it was to watch.This movie is n't for everyone , like those who do n't appreciate toilet humor , but for those who do this is bound to be one of the funniest films they have ever seen .
 I bought this movie over at their website before christmas and it 's really really funny . they call it a Borat meets Jackass type movie and I 'd say that 's pretty spot on . There are ridiculously shocking stunts and some absolutely shocking moments that had me seriously laughing out loud.I was n't sure if Gary Coleman was acting or not , but he seems like the angriest little person there is -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . Acting or not , Gary has some great scenes kicking the crap out of one of the main characters that 's a complete a-hole . My favorite character was Taco . The `` i 'm going to touch them anyway '' line rocks . He 's a sicko that has some of the best one liners you 'll get out of a movie.In case you were asking for my opinion , do n't wait for this pre-order and just go to the -LSB- ... -RSB- website and get it now . Plus they send these little `` midget condoms '' as a gag gift .
 I 'll keep it short and sweet : I was shocked at just how funny this film was . Its ridiculously quotable , very clever , and the cast is fantastic . Gary Coleman is furious , and has to do very little acting.Borat meets Jackass is fairly accurate . If you liked either one of those movies , Super Troopers , or Harold and Kumar , chances are you 'll really like this one.This is one of the top films on my list of under-appreciated gems.Quit reading reviews and watch the damn thing already .
 Just like the title says , watch it every chance I get . If you 're considering getting this movie just get it , you 'll love it .
 The title of the movie gives you the premise but it does n't give you a good look into all the funny stuff this movie entails . Some of the scenes in this movie are completely ridiculous and make the movie an absolute riot to watch with friends or if you just need a good laugh.I saw a premiere showing in Dallas a few weeks ago and the entire theater was consumed in laughter . Except for this elderly couple that was sitting in front of me , but you could tell they had decided to just go see a `` picture show '' and randomly picked one when they got there . They were not amused , but everybody else was dying . -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- Gary Coleman kicking the crap out of people is awesome because it is a polar opposite from his role as Arnold Jackson on Different Strokes . He is always trying to kick the crap out of someone in this movie and it is awesome.If you have n't seen it and you have a sense of humor , I completely recommend you check it out . You can even go to their website and order it directly and they will send you some midget condoms . I do n't know what a midget condom entails , but could make a great gag gift at the next office party.I fully already recommend this movie because it is laugh out loud funny .
 I absolutely recommend this to anyone with a sense of humor . Its a great movie to watch with your friends and you will definitely be quoting it .
 If you like funny movies , you should buy this . If you like movies that do n't make you think too hard , you should buy this . If you like little people or mascots , you should buy this . If you like people , you should buy this . If you like movies , you should buy this . If you do n't like any of these things , I still recommend you buy it .
 For a low budget Japanese horror movie , Slaughter Island was n't too bad . It had an interesting monster killing them off and the girls were cute .
 Squidbillies volume 3 is only 1 disc not 2 , 101 minutes , contains 10 episodes : Anabolic-holicThe Liar , The Bitch and The BoredrubeThe Fine ol' SolutionLermConfessions of a Gangrenous MindThe Big Gay ThrowdownAtone DeafGod 's BroReunited , and it Feels GoodNot Without My CashcowSpecial features includeArt + music - This aint a hat , its a ragtop for a sex convertible - funny pete stuff - bumps - dragon con 2009Finally I 'd like to comment on the packaging which I 'm a bit disappointed with compared to the previous 2 volumes , it 's a standard plastic dvd case with no slipcover , feels kinda cheap.Overall Squidbillies is an excellent show and this dvd is no exception . I highly recommend it to fans and newcomers alike .
 The quotes just do n't make sense . Unless you 've seen and enjoy the show . So they come across as random . Or even downright inappropriate . And when you deliver it in the southern accent , you 'll get some strange looks . Or get an unwanted reputation for being crazy or outright insane.Don ' t be surprised if bystanders call the police on you.You 've been warned .
 If you appreciate the finer aspects of life in rural Southern states , you need to buy this DVD for a good laugh ;
 I bought this and vol2 as part of my BF 's Christmas gift . He LOVES this show . Personally , its a little too much guy humor for me to enjoy unless I 've knocked back a few drinks . Aqua Teen Hunger Force makes a good pairing for this video -LRB- or so my boyfriend says . -RRB-
 We 're Squidbillies fans at my house and i do n't think they could have made a bad one . We just hope there are more to follow !
 These episodes are all hilarious . Squidbillies and Aqua Teen Hunger Force are my favorite adult swim shows and I am disappointed that both shows have decided to switch to a single DVD release format as opposed to the 2 disc sets that they had in the past.What does this mean for the buyer ? - Less episodes per set this time around-Key special features are missing . There are no commentaries on this 3rd volume . The `` squidbilly circle jerk '' -LRB- which was my favorite special feature on the first two volumes -RRB- doesnt get another sequel . It just feels like there should have been more features.-The packaging is not as deluxe as it was previously.It still deserves a high rating though because they did manage to pack ALOT of stuff onto one disc , but it is a step backward from the first two volumes .
 You 'll either love the show or hate it . Or it will hit too close to home.Truck-boat-truck ! Whew ! Hell yeah !
 Great movie , got to my home very fast , could not be happier with the quality of the DVD as well !
 Th ' Squidbillies kin be watched on over an ' on over agin . Th ' episodes is so fast thet yo ' miss most of it th ' fust few times through . Eff 'n yo ' like hilarity made by ` mericans in ` merica fo ' ` mericans then this hyar is th ' video fo ' yo ' ! Fry mah hide !!
 Came on time this is a perfect gift for anyone who loves watching Squidbillies ! Bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas he loves it !
 Completely great Adult Swim show . I recently purchased all SB seasons on DVD to simply collect them , especially because Adult Swim has now AGAIN shut down their online web store . I support the producers of this show , and have no problem investing in the collection of these items , its great !
 I have heard this show mentioned a lot , but have never watched an episode in my life . I finally broke down and bought volume 3 . I do not know why I did not start with season 1 , but I love it ! So now I have to pick up the other seasons too . I can tell this is going to become a new Adult Swim favorite of mine ! Buy it ! Buy it NOW !
 I love Squidbillies ! We got season 4 from my MIL for Christmas , which is probably the best season , but season 3 is still great .
 totally awesome , this show is great , season three is kinda short though , only like 10 episodes at 10 minutes each , so not too long , but still halarious and unique .
 Really hilarious , but must watch from season 1 to understand all the characters and the point of the show really .
 Visited the good old USA last spring ... was introduced to Squidbillies and never recovered ! Tried to purchase over here in blighty but very hard to get hold of or silly money . Thanks to Amazon.com i ordered from America.Opted for longest delivery as didnt want to pay import duty to our robbing government but the items still arrived way ahead of expected date despite going to sweden enroute . Bought all 4 sets together -LRB- well why not , if your gon na do something why not go the whole hog , or in this case , squid ho ho -RRB- ! This series just creases me up , dont know why it has never been released here ... guess they think we wont understand it or the humour but they are wrong ! I can relate to the characters and despite different accents i reckon ive met realife incarnations through my years ! All that remains then is to say a huge thankya to Amazon and remember ... DONT TOUCH THA TRIM !
 I love this show , only 10 episodes on this disc , volumes one and two each had 20 , super funny , violent and socially fringe , might offend people who are n't used to the humor .
 I will say it again . The best show on adult swim . Period . So damn funny I ca n't believe my ears . Vol . 3 is full of wonderful episodes you are certain to enjoy . Get it now !
 As always the Squidbilllies are entertainment genius ! The North Georgia accents are spot-on and the episodes are as funny as any I 've viewed previously . Arrived in a timely manner , in excellent condition .
 Excellent show . Adult Swim is being cheap with dvd packaging . ATHF , Venture Bros. . Season 4.1 , and Squidbillies vol . 3.1 ALL have SERIOUS lack of quality and artwork . I expect this is across the board . It 's sad , I do not know what is happening here but my days of buying Adult Swim DVD seasons is over .
 Who would have thought that those sick , twisted , demented , hillarious geniouses had enough brain cells left to duplicate AND profit -LRB- once again -RRB- from what seems to be half my family and friends ? Loved Vol .3 ! It was everything we were hoping it to be . Got ta be able to give a joke and recieve it 100,000,000,000 times back ... SIDEWAYS . Pretty tough but freakin funny . Just as wacked out as Vol .1 and Vol .2 , which we alreay had in our collection . My husband and I only get to watch them after hours though when we put the children to bed . Not for kids to see . SERIOUSLY ... . My 7 and 4 year old boys got very curious when they heard the theme song . Next thing I know the 4 year old is walking around quoting Early Cuyler `` Dont touch the trim '' and the 7 year old is wondering why dad and I are not allowing them to watch this ` cool ` squid cartoon that resembles every one he knows !
 This DVD does not have as many features as Vol .1 or 2 but if you are a Squidbillie fan this is a must have to add to your collection.Early Cuyler for President ! lol
 If you have n't yet seen Squidbillies , it 's because someone must have told you that it 's low-brow humor about backwoods inbred squids ... or you do n't have Cartoon Network . Because if you did have Cartoon Network , you 'd have seen at least a single episode of it as part of the -LSB- adult swim -RSB- lineup.Squidbillies takes place in a small made up town in the Appalachian region in north Georgia . The animation is crude , the characters are all a little ... off ... , and the humor is more akin to radiation therapy than actual ha-ha-that 's - funny.Trying to follow a full episode and make sense of it is next to impossible . The creators of the show insist on either maiming or killing off one or all characters on the show -LRB- or in some cases , destroying the world -RRB- but bringing them back over and over again for more punishment . Most of the jokes are pointed at the `` People of Wal-Mart '' classification . There is an episode in the third volume where the main squid , Earley Cuyler , wants to go down to the store to buy some of those bullet-hole decals you see on cars and trucks all the time . But he comes back home to grab his shotgun because the decals are too expensive . He proceeds to shoot holes in his own `` truck-boat-truck '' -LRB- it 's an amalgam of a large truck fused to a boat which is fused to another truck ... a convoy of confusion , more or less -RRB- and whoop and holler about how `` realistic '' the bullet holes look.Not everyone will understand the humor , and even less people will enjoy it . If you 're looking for solid laughs with a stern backbone of the deeper understandings of life , this show is not for you . If you 're looking for a show that will make you cringe , chuckle , think to yourself `` wait , I used to like monster trucks ... am I like these squids ? '' , and possibly have to take an extended break between episodes to clear your head ... this show is for you.Enjoy Squidbillies on DVD . Because the Cuyler family does n't have a clue what a DVD is .
 The first two volume 's that came out came with two DVD 's and nice artwork . Volume 3 only came with one DVD . The only gripe would be the price of the first two volume 's compared to the third volume . I felt the first two volumes were a little pricey . This volume I feel is about right . At any rate , it is well worth the price if you enjoy watching Squidbillies . I love the show and watch 2-3 episodes every night . I was n't sure if this volume had the episodes that came out in 2009 but they do . One of my favorite 's is Lerm . It has that episode and I love it .
 god i 've been waiting for this to come out , one of the funniest shows out there , early 's views on life are the best
 Squidbillies is one of my favorite shows of all time . The classic stereotypes of rednecks are represented with such outlandish , and bizarre stories about life in the outback woods of Georgia . The characters consist of Early -LRB- the main squid -RRB- , Grandma -LRB- the purple squid -RRB- my favorite , Rusty -LRB- the light green squid -RRB- , and Lil -LRB- early 's sister -RRB- . This show makes fun of drugs , big companies , blue collar employees and just the weird . I absolutely love this show ! It 's so out there ! ***** worth it !
 Awesome show , ca n't get enough of it.The box/packaging was a bit of a bummer , just because I was hoping for something a bit fancier , like that of the first two Squidbillies DVDs . Nonetheless , the show is what I care about , and although there 's only ONE disc , it 's still ten episodes and I loved each and every one of them ! BUY THIS DVD .
 Batman Begins explores how Bruce Wayne transforms from the rich little boy to a criminal convict into a justice upholding and noble Batman . The entire cast does a great job of acting especially Christian Bale as Batman , Morgan Freeman as Dr. Fox , Liam Neeson as Ducard , and Gary Oldman as Officer Gordon . Everyone has read the DC Comic of Batman and thus they know that Bruce 's parents were murdered right in front of his eyes . The film builds around this event to showcase Bruce 's forever anger towards criminals . Also , the film explores how Bruce becomes synonymous with bats . When Bruce was young , he fell into a well and bats attacked him because they were afraid of him . As the film progresses , Bruce embraces the criminal world so he could survive . Eventually he gets caught and thrown in jail . Time progresses and Liam Neeson comes along with a proposition
 Batman Begins is the most unique , action-packed , and overall best Batman movie of all time.In this movie , instead of fights some of his famous enemies , such as the Joker and Poison Ivy , Bruce Wayne battles himself as he tries to find out who he really is.This is the one Batman flick where we get to see exactly how Batman came to be . After witnessing the death of his parents when he was young , billionaire Bruce Wayne wanted to fight villainy in the world . This drove him to become Batman ; and , ironically , he chose to become ` Batman ' because bats were what he was most afraid of.As Batman , Bruce Wayne uncovers a plot to damage Gotham City 's water system , which would in turn destory the city itself . With the help of Wayne Enterprises science wiz , Officer Gordon , and his friend Rachel , Batman must stop these criminals before Gotham City is wiped off the map.Overall , this Batman is great-filled with stunning action scenes and a good plot , this is a must-see movie for any and all Batman fans . It is packed with intriguing information about how and why Bruce became Batman , and we get to see the beginnings of the Batcave , the Bat signal , and a sweet new Batmobile -LRB- though it can never replace the original one ! -RRB- . I will admit , however , that the beginning is quite confusing the first time around ; it starts with Bruce stuck in some prison in Asia , then he goes into the mountains to train with group that is a sort of ` secret police ' , the League of Shadows . It all happens so fast that one can get lost and confused quite easily . However , things pick up once Bruck gets back to Gotham City.I would n't say that this movie is perfect , but it has several aspects that make it nearly flawless .
 Batman Begins is one of the best films I have seen that has been based off a comicbook series . The acting as well was very believable , with the characters not being overdone or getting into emotions and interactions that are out of place . The film has a strong storyline , great script , and a very talented cast . You can tell by the quality and detail of the movie that the people involved really cared about this character . I 'm glad to have seen a film .
 They finally got Batman right . The other Batman flicks gave you a brooding , dark vigilante , but they never told you how he got that way . This movie does.The title actually explains it all . From the senseless murder of Bruce Wayne 's parents through all the training he went through and why he donned the cowl . Sounds boring , does n't it ? Well , it is n't . The story is very well told and kept me engaged throughout.I guess this was the movie where you could actually sympathize with Bruce Wayne . You get to know the tortured man behind the mask . This was n't so much a `` Batman '' movie as it was a Bruce Wayne movie , at least in the first half of it.This is n't just a good comic book movie , this is a good movie period . There 's a plot to keep you riveted and plenty of action too . You even get to see how Batman got his hands on all his toys , not to mention why he decided on a bat for his emblem.For comic book officionados , I 'll say that this story is n't canon -LRB- you comic folks will know what I mean -RRB- . I think they tried to get away from maniacal or cartoonish bad guys -LRB- joker , penguin -RRB- and went with one that was more recent in the Bat World -LRB- I 'm not telling who the bad guy is -RRB- but was on the more reasonable side.It 's the best Batman movie because it 's a story with a comic book hero in it and not a comic book story on the screen.At the end , all I could say was `` WOW ! `` Only one warning . The batmobile is cool , but it sure is n't what you 're used to.Added note
 When Batman Begins was announced , I -LRB- like so many others -RRB- found myself saying `` oh no , not ANOTHER one !!! '' In fact , I did n't go see this one in the theater until it was almost released to DVD ... one night on a boring business trip when I had nothing better to do , I strolled to the local theater and decided to check it out ... and WOW.If you were tired of the Batman flicks of the ' 90 's and how they got worse with each movie , do not fear . This one is leaps and bounds ahead of the rest -LRB- yes , even better than the first one with Jack Nicholson -RRB- . Batman Begins is , in a word , incredible.Strong performances from Christian Bale , Liam Neeson , Morgan Freeman , Cillian Murphy , and others . A fabulous storyline that is much , much more than cheesy one-liners and ridiculous comic book style visuals and effects . And some great action sequences that will even make you say `` WOW '' in this era of super-sized special effects.A review ca n't do it justice ... SEE THIS MOVIE NOW !!!
 This movie is by far the best Batman movie ever created . Unlike the past movies , this one had all the aspects of greatness.The past movies relied on the concept of fantasy , overacting , and pre-acceptance of less than realistic approach for portraying Batman . The past movies Were more for children than mature audience . They relied on making batman a pre-modified super hero who did not have to go through anything but a vague backflash of the deaths of his parents . This movied took time and effort to establish a story on Bruce Wayne 's journey into achieving his status . No pre assumed training , finance , and control over his wealth . This time Bruce Wayne had to fight and earn his positions from letting go of the spoiled rich life , to the background of his training , to the question of how he got a hold of all his cool gadgets . Realism , while there are still some extraordinary events going on , this movie was still very realistic . Even the Batmobile itself is a real vehicle , not CGI.The best part of this movie is how the director took the time to tell the story without jumps . No where in the movie will you go , `` what the hell just happened ? how did they get there ? '' The explanations were smooth and clear.The acting was also a major part in this movie . the director really wanted to pay attention to realism and not theatrics . the past movies portrayed the characters as almost comicly with their overacting their parts . There were no BWAHAHAHAHAHAs in this movie and all characters played their roles as one would expect from any normal person.If possible , I would have rated this movie a 10 . And for those who have not yet seen this movie , the ending will DEFINETLY capture you and make you eager for the next installment to come out .
 This was the best Batman yet . It was action packed and had a great story . This movie was about how Bruce Wayne came to be Batman , and the first villians that he faced . Christian Bale did an awesome job as Batman , and Michael Cane was a good and funny Alfred . I loved this movie and would recommend it to anyone that loves batman or just to anyone that loves a great action flick .
 This new Batman film is a fresh start to a new series , giving a new storyline and being more accurate to the comic books.THE PLOT
 I saw this film on Sunday , and I left the theater feeling mostly pleased with what I had witnessed . The movie is a bit of a mixed blessing though , because despite the direction in which the writer and director decided to steer this series in , which was a very promising and likeable concept , it still fell short of expections and did n't quite live up to the hype for a number of reasons.The acting was good , and the cast was perfect , I mean it has the cream of the crop of actors so that could n't have been better . Honestly , who can complain with the likes of Rutger Hauer , Gary Oldman , Morgan Freeman , Liam Neeson , Christian Bale and Michael Caine ? It just does n't get much better than that , folks . Unfortunately , the primary problem with the film was that it felt rushed and I did n't really notice a great deal of character development , nor was the plot itself all that fleshed out . For example , as many may have seen in the trailers of Bruce Wayne 's training , that was more or less the extent of his training in the film . I was under the impression that the director would expound upon those principles to a greater degree in the film , but rather I was treated to a mere glimpse , much like the trailer , into Wayne 's actual transformation from the billionaire playboy to the dark and brooding , masked crusader of justice . Where was the in depth martial arts training , the focus on ninjitsu , the impartment of Asian wisdom , the meditation and devotion to the cause of fighting evil and upholding the balance of good and evil ? I felt robbed of what was promised to be an unparalled , unique and enriching experience of the real Batman.Having said that , what I did like was the more realistic and plausible approach towards his gear and high tech gadgets , as well as his training obviously , however limited in scope that it was.The villains were a little disappointing this time around , which is another major distraction from the overall enjoyment of this film . Was the Scarecrow well made ? Yes , I like the effects , not too over the top , and he seemed a little scary but he was n't quite as effective and disturbing as let 's say Nicholson 's Joker or pathetic and loathsome as Devito 's Penguin . He did n't have enough screen time to make a big impression , nor did his evildoer counterparts , like the mob boss or the main antagonist.As for the special effects in general , I thought it was competent , since the producers did not get carried away with CGI and superfluous aesthetics which is far too common these days , which is evident with such films as ` Van Helsing ' , '13 Ghosts ' and so on.I was fond of the romance between Wayne and the assistant D.A. played by Katie Holmes . Their chemistry was not off the charts and in your face , but it worked , and it seemed believable unlike certain unmentionable on-screen romances that have plagued prequels in recent years.All things considered , I think the story was a little above average with awesome concepts but flawed execution , as in too brief and rushed . I 'm thinking that they cut out many crucial scenes much like Jackson did with the LOTR trilogy , just for the reason of being able to sell millions more DVDs than the regular theatrical version would . I 'm positive that there will be an uncut , unrated director 's cut with extras up the wazoo , but quite frankly I find this trend inexusable , since the theater version should be the ultimate and final version of the film , because first impressions count the most , and it 's the version that the majority of viewers will be familiar with from the start.It 's kind of sad to see such wasted potential though , since many of these legendary actors did not really get the chance to show off their acting skills to a great extent.As a whole , I recommend the film for trying something original and taking the road less traveled , but I can not accept all the missed opportunities for greatness that were there for the taking . That I blame on the writer -LRB- s -RRB- as well as the director , perhaps some of the producers as well . Nonetheless , it is worth seeing , and I 'm glad to say that it is way better than the last two Batman incarnations , but not any greater than Tim Burton 's first two films.Final grade is 4/5 stars , since it is above average but nothing memorable or classic . Hollywood , good try but you can do better .
 Im a real fanatic superheoroes fan -LRB- count Spiderman , Daredevil , Superman ... i watched them all -RRB- and im really proud to say i like Batman most . I mean , Bruce Wayne is rich , intelligent , charming and all stark-handsome . I 've watched all Bats-related movies , from Micheal Keaton 's brush with Michelle Pfieffer 's Catwoman to Jim Carrey 's joker or Nicole Kidman the shrink with the hots for new Bruce Van Kilmer , and even to Joel Schumacher 's Batman and Robin ... with George Clooney , Chris O'Donell -LRB- his name goes something like that -RRB- and Alicia Silverstone -LRB- Batgirl -RRB- . All the above films Batman -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , Batman Returns -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Batman Forever -LRB- 1995 -RRB- and George Clooney 's -LRB- 1997 -RRB- were nice , but a little too bleak.For a start , you might find the visuals effect , other than Tim Burton 's , a little too fake . I must say director Christopher Nolan 's was a total far cry -LRB- thank god -RRB- . I 'm so much a big Christian Bale fan . I mean , this guy is all so cool . He cries , fights , trains and battles with his emotions all so well , he is no doubt the best Batty ever.No one can ever replaced him . You ca n't ignore this fact . This is perhaps the darkest Batty film ever , as Nolan chose to explore darker themes which include 's the deaths of Bruce 's parents , his turbulent childhood/young adult years as well as grappling with a double identity as Bruce Wayne by day and Batman by night.Here , Bale shows he is indeed such a good actor of great calibre , he puts the rest of the cast , be it his loyal butler Alfred , love interest Rachel -LRB- a very redundant Katie Holmes -RRB- or Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- . His painful moments and past , you 're sure to feel the agony too as Bale , an ever brilliant actor , plays it right on the cards.It 's so good-with the right cast -LRB- minus ineffectual Holmes -RRB- , right script and director , dark moments and a wonderful male lead , i give this film two thumbs up . In fact , i 'm looking forward to the upcoming sequel too !!!
 I 'll make this short and sweet . The batman franchise will live long and continue for years to come and it is by `` Batman Begins '' that it will all be possible . A great beginning , it 's not simply a remake but a start from his creation and why he is who he is . This is a must have for any Batman/Comic fan .
 Batman Begins is one of the best super-hero movies of all time . I 'm a fan of superhero movies and I 've seen all the Superman , Spiderman , and Batman films . But I 'm not a fanatic . I do n't read the comics or know about the `` true '' stories of these characters . I do n't care about that . I just want to see a good movie . Batman Begins was a summer blockbuster in 2005 and it actually tried to do something none of the other summer blockbusters ever do . It tried to tell a story.From the title , you learn this is a story of how Bruce Wayne became Batman . Probably the first hour of the movie is spent developing the character of Bruce Wayne , showing how he suffered after his parents were murdered , how he abandoned the privelege of his birth for a live of crime and self-inflicted punishment . The first part of the movie works in part because of the great cast . Christian Bale as Wayne is incredible . Other greats such as Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman , Michael Caine and a menacing Cilian Murphy make every moment on screen enthralling.Equally enjoying is the transformation of Wayne into Batman . It is portrayed as realistic as it can considering it is a superhero movie . Wayne uses the recources of Lucious Fox at a secret R&D ; section of Wayne Enterprises . There , he finds all the tools he 'll need as Batman , including an incredible Bat-Mobile . If you are like me , the George Clooney batman movie kind of soured you on the story of Batman . If so , you must watch this movie . The acting is great , the story is crisp , the action and characters are gritty and real . I ca n't wait for the upcoming sequel in 2008 .
 I was a little underwhelmed by the special features -LRB- there should be more for a product this huge ... see the most recent release ofBatman -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- which features documentary on the span of years from producers ' desire to make a new Batman to the pandemonium following its release -RRB- , but as far as the FILM itself goes , without a doubt it is a 5-star story . I put this in the same category asCasino Royale -LRB- 2-Disc Widescreen Edition -RRB- as the two best movies I 've seen in five years -- interestingly they are both `` reboots . ''
 If you 've watched Tim Burton 's wonderful 1989 interpretation of `` Batman '' , then you probably know that almost none of the other films in the franchise lived up to that film , especially Joel Schumacher 's turkey `` Batman & Robin '' , a film that was more like a commercial for Happy Meals than an actual movie . `` Batman Begins '' is something completely different . No , really it is ; It has absolutely nothing to do with any of the four other films , and it is the first live-action Batman movie to actually explain his origin . While the Burton/Schumacher films focused more on the insane villains rather than on the hero , `` Begins 's '' focus is on Batman 's story . Speaking of villains , there are about three
 It do n't get no better than this . If you have n't seen it . Then You need to . If you have , you need to get this DVD . This is what Batman was meant to be . Who would have thought Batman could be ressurected after the dreadfull Batman and Robin ? But it has indeed . Everything from Bruce 's origin to his emergence as the Dark Knight is excellent . Although Katie Holmes role as Racheal Dawes is questionnable , this show is perfect . No perverseness , no real gore , no annoying parts , just perfect . And I must say that the ending to the movie is one of the greatest I have ever seen in a movie . `` I 'll look into it . '' Perfect for the sequel with Joker , Two-face -LRB- allegedly -RRB- and I hear that there 's also a costume change in the middle . Ca n't wait for ' 08 .
 It 's getting difficult to find good films nowadays and I can say that Batman Begins is an unpolished gem . It has several things that were missing from the previous films allowing this to be a complete story . It 's all right to keep Tim Burton 's films for good artistic expression and value , but if you want to look at a more character driven piece , then this is it.In Batman Begins we delve into the psychological or zen like as well as the physical shaping of Batman . Bruce Wayne goes from a frightened child to an angry collegian whose rage must be focused into fighting injustice . Recieving the `` Superman '' treatment , this film has a delightful cast -LRB- Holmes being the only exception -RRB- that gives rousing performances all around . The blend of action and humor is there . In addition , the story is well rounded and interesting , leaving everyone to wonder about the upcoming sequel . The only thing that can stop Batman now is Warner Brothers . In retrospect , let 's see if Christopher Nolan has time to direct a Superman film as well .
 Ever since the old cartoon show , ever since the Adam West and Burt Ward T.V. show , there has been a Batman theme song . But in Batman Begins , I do n't recall any distinctive theme song . If there is one , it 's probably the one note , slow , oriental song . This theme song dose n't even compare to the Keaton one , but other than that , as well as a few other minor problems , this film is great . Batman Begins is an awesome film , with great fight scenes , and a deep storyline . It 's the kind of film where you have to pay attention , meaning not taking ten minute bathroom breaks without pausing it first . My first impression of the film was a cheap , light directed film , but when I actually saw the movie , I was blown away . The sound effects are great , but if you 're not comparing this film to any other , it really is about your opinion , because a movie like this is almost pure art . This is a must see Batman film , and besides the few `` scary '' scenes , this movie could be PG . The only Batman movie that I have seen where Batman has a grey suit , would be the Adam West and Burt Ward film , but the suit in this movie is okay , I guess . This is n't as dark as some of the other films , and if you 're a die hard Batman fan , you 'll realize that the timeline is off somewhat , but other than that , this is nugget of gold . Batman has begun ...
 Aside from setting a benchmark for other franchises -LRB- perhaps most notably 007 -RRB- to follow , Batman Begins is a remarkably ambitious and mostly successful attempt to bring some real substance to the comic book genre beyond mere mood . It has a sense of the epic to it , as well as an awareness of the escalation of moral quandaries that come with taking the law into your own hands that have n't been seen in a big-budget summer picture since Clear and Present Danger . It 's not just a case of a superhero fighting a supervillain either
 I 'm going to start off with this ... as much as a LOVE comic books movies I originally did n't want to see this movie becasue of Katie Holmes , i 'm not the biggest fan of her acting , and when i did see this movie she did n't impress me then either , but the rest of the cast is great ! . Batman Begins s a movie made for a home theater system , it has great visuals and an even better plot . Do n't worry if you 've never read any of the Batman comics , or if god forbid your only experience is with the previous Batman movies , since this is a reboot there is no previous history.But why should you buy this edition instead of the one disk edition ... two words , bonus features ! I adore bonus features . The set includes mini documentaries galore , the trailer that helped get us pumped up months before the movie came out , and a mini comic book -LRB- mini in size not length -RRB- . However this movie is missing one of my favorite DVD features , the commentary , be it from the actors or the director i love watching movies with commentaries.All that being said , its a good buy , and i do n't think you will be dissapointed .
 this is one of the best of the batman movie series . it is always nice to watch one of the `` beginning '' movies to get the full story of a character . the special effects are very good in this movie and i quite enjoyed them . i would recommend this DVD to add to your library .
 this dvd is a great gift for any batman/comic book fan . or even new fans to . if you are a fan of the Dark Knight , you should buy this gift set DVD . it is da bomb .
 This movie is great , and the visual quality is fantastic , the sound is incredible , it 's just all around awesome.This , as the title implies , is the story about how batman begins , well , being batman . Very well worth watching , and you got ta see it before seeing The Dark Knight !
 Blu-ray owners finally got their wish , `` Batman Begins '' comes to the format . It looks great and Dolby TrueHD soundtrack rumbles with clarity . Watching and listening to the ` Tumbler ' in action is amazing.BUY IT !!! You will not be disappointed.Plus ... the blu-ray gets `` The Dark Knight '' Prologue , the first 6 minutes of possibly the best movie of all time .
 A dark study into the working of the mind of Batman , Different than any other Batmanmovie.Everyone has a dark side even him that balances them as a real person , not just a one sided figure . Well made , written and acted .
 All star cast , all star performances -LRB- even Katie Holmes -RRB- , great movie . Blu-ray transfer is excellent .
 I love how they set up this classic comic book story . Batman is a very real person with lots of great toys and a passion for fighting injustice . With this movie they created a very dark Gothem and a very dark story ... as it was meant to be . A vast improvement from where the films have been going until now.And there is no better way to watch this than on Blu-ray !
 Great Movie ! Much more serious and well done than the recent Batman movies . -LRB- Except for the first two done by Burton -RRB-
 Love the Nolan Batman Films ! better than anyother franchisehowever getting it here was an issue , nearly 2 weeks late despite paying the extra cash to get it here BEFORE THAT , failed to provide any consignment details so i could track the itemnice litte bonus in the bluray was the opening to dark knight
 The Batman and Robin screwed everything up for Batman . During the 8 years of no Batman movies there was going to be a new Batman movie , Batman Triumphant , but they pulled the plug on that because of poor reception from the audience . It was supposed to have Scarecrow who was going to be played by Howard Stern . Then a few months before it came out in theaters they showed the trailer 's . I was speechless when I saw the trailer 's because i was born after the third movie came out and was way to young to see the 4th . But I grew up watching the first and second movie . Then I saw Scarecrow in the trailer.I was 11 when I saw the movie . It was amazing seeing the explosions and what not . Batman was played by Christian Bale who was great , but I have only one complaint , why does he speak in that growley voice . It wasnt necessary . The movie was directed by Chrisopher Nolan Who did a pefect job . The bat girlfriend Rachel was played by Kattie Holmes , Not so shallow this time.The villians were Scarecrow and Raza Ghoul . Scarecrow did a great job as the phyciatrist and the villian . Raza Ghoul was definetly not my favorite villian . I give this movie 41/2 growly Batmans out of 5 . Tommorrow Ill be reviewing Batman the 1960 's movie .
 I bought this DVD to get ready for The Dark Knight . I had forgotten how wonderful and riviting the movie was . Even my 96-year-old mother , who usually leaves the room when I watch any kind of action movie , enjoyed it .
 I am not IMDB , nor will I pretend that I am . The film looks and sounds great . Need you know more ? Yes ? Go to IMDB . : P
 Good action , good spacial effects , a bit dark in terms of color but it is good.Over all it is good
 I watched this movie after watching &#34; The Dark Knight &#34; and &#34; The Dark Knight Rises &#34; so that may be why I gave it the 4 stars ... Personally , I would 've loved a bit more action and I 'm partial to Katie Holmes as Rachel - I liked Maggie better ... And this is super long !! I had to force myself to sit and watch it after the first hour and half lolBut it is a good movie !
 This movie was well done . The acting was superb ! However , it should have been rated R. Would NOT recommend this movie for children !! The violence and psychological warfare are extreme and should be considered before allowing children to view .
 It may not be the best batman movie , but is the movie that goes perfectly with the other 2 movies . Definitely a must watch .
 Well done but still adolescent values . The film proves that there are no super heroes . The film 's message is through metaphors .
 After years of comical often ridiculous Batman movies , Christopher Nolan 's Batman Begins set the standard for what a comic superhero movie should look like . Gritty , realistic within the parameters of the superhero 's universe looks like . It is not the best movie of the trilogy , but the trilogy would not be as great as it is without this beginning . Overall , it 's a superb movie .
 Loved it . Such an amazingly awesome film ! Thumbs up to Christopher Nolan and Christan Bale ! What a masterpiece of a movie .
 After a series of `` Batman '' live action clunkers , Christopher Nolan shows what can be done with one of our best fictional characters . Unlike nearly all other superheroes , the Batman has no super powers . So how was Batman born?In this stylish creation , Bruce Wayne is the son of a corporate giant living in Gotham City -LRB- New York is a stand in with bits and pieces of Chicago thrown in as well -RRB- . While playing keep away with his playmate Rachel , young Bruce falls into a well , disturbing a cave of bats who disburse all around him . This leads to a fear of the animal that obviously has some bearing on his future . While accompanying his parents to an opera -LSB- `` Die Fledermaus '' -LRB- The Bat -RRB- -RSB- , he becomes frightened and the family leaves early though a back alley . Bad idea.The city is under a crime wave . Bruce 's parents are murdered by a mugger . Flash forward to Bruce 's -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- college years where he comes home to attend the parole hearing for his parent 's killer . Bruce 's plan to kill the thug is preempted as he is killed by another on orders from the mob boss -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- . Bruce 's guilt that his fear of bats caused his parent 's death weighs heavily on him . He leaves his company and his billions of dollars and heads to some unnamed country in the Far East -LRB- assumed to be China or North Korea -RRB- . He ends up in a hell-hole prison but is rescued by a stranger -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- who offers to give him a new life . But it will involve training under the guidance of Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- high in the mountains.The training involves facing fear and death which leads Bruce 's confrontation with his chiroptophobia . Upon completion , Bruce learns that Ra 's Al Ghul and his group known as the League of Shadows has been around for centuries destroying civilizations that become corrupt and unruly . They plan the destruction of Gotham City and want Bruce Wayne to lead the charge . His refusal leads to the eventual destruction of the training camp . Bruce escapes , returning to Gotham City to make his own mark on crime as his alter ego , Batman.With the help of his trusted aid and family protector Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- and a previously demoted senior manager , Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , the Batman begins his own war on crime beginning with the mob . Thrown into the mix is a scheming psychiatrist -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- who appears to be working for Falcone -LRB- Wilkinson -RRB- but has another agenda . He has created an airborne gas that renders anyone who breathes it psychotic and hallucinogenic with their greatest fears amplified.During Wayne 's 7 year absence , his old childhood friend Rachel -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- has not only grown into a beautiful woman but a fierce assistant D.A. . She and Bruce still have a twinkling in their eyes for each other and despite some naysayers I found their chemistry to be honest and appealing . This all leads to a bang up conclusion involving the arrival of the League of Shadows and his personal battle with Ra 's Al Ghul . This Batman is stylistically much different from the earlier films , not to mention the 60 's TV series . It is dark , foreboding , creepy and steeped with action . What set it apart from others of the genre are the intelligent script , crisp direction and great editing . Sure the film has some humorous quips but for the most part the `` A '' list actors take their roles seriously . This film was my second favorite of 2005 . I suspect this Blu ray disc is akin to the earlier HDDVD package , which I 've also seen . While certainly an upgrade from DVD , it is not of the highest quality we see today . Compare the movie with the 6 minute opening of the sequel -LRB- `` The Dark Knight '' -RRB- included on this disc and you can see the difference . Still , it ai n't bad . It has a 2.40:1 aspect ratio and has a Dolby TruHD 5.1 audio track . Again it is n't bad but not up to some of the better Blu rays out there today . Going for $ 10 or so is still a bargain .
 The longer the movie goes , the worse it gets . Do n't misunderstand me , I liked this movie . It starts out great and slowly goes down to good , but the whole thing runs out of steam at the end -LRB- despite the large amounts of aerosol fear gas at the end , heh heh -RRB- and it feels a bit inconsistent . Bruce Wayne talks about how it 's never too late to save someone -LRB- or in his case save Gotham City -RRB- but Batman ignores an opportunity to save Ra 's al Ghul 's life . The ninja initiation is cool , intense and atmospheric , but the fight scenes as Batman are a jumble of cuts that come too quick to make any sense . That 's really the problem right there
 `` Batman Begins '' has enough plot elements for 3 or 4 movies , and , amazingly , they all work , and they are all exciting.The movie is very dark , but this is fitting.Even the early scenes , of Bruce Wayne 's childhood trauma with the bats , and his later trek to the lamasery , are interesting in themselves , and add a lot of emotional weight to the later scenes.The acting is just superb . Gary Oldman , who is one of the best actors ever , manages to be humble and awe-inspiring at the same time . Morgan Freeman is understated and funny and riveting . Katie Holmes shines . Liam Neeson is persuasively ambiguous . Cillian Murphy is deliciously creepy . And even Christian Bale , who has the expressive range of a tree-stump , manages to be believable , likable , and complex . -LRB- Tom Wilkinson , as a Mafia-boss , is a little over the top , but still a lot of fun . -RRB- Lots of twists and turns . Lots of surprises . Great stuff .
 I 'm very late in doing a review here . As a big fan of movies I have decided only just recently to start posting reviews -LRB- look for my first on ` DETERRENCE ' -RRB- . Batman Begins is so cooooooool . It destroyed all those cheeeezy films made before about Batman , especially when each one is played by a different actor , -LRB- nothing worse than sequels that do that -RRB- and they were just s ** t anyway.Christian Bale is first class . Being English I shocked myself when I first realised he was English , -LRB- not American -RRB- he 's an actor I 'm not too familiar with but he is a true pro . Loved the movie , even Micheal Caine and I do n't even like him , sorry Micheal , no offense . Morgan Freeman speaks for himself along with Gary Oldman , -LRB- Hhmm ... an array of English actors here -RRB- . All in all a first class movie . I especially loved the martial arts training scenes , it 's one of those moments where you want to do it yourself . 5 star effort , no question about it . I will start now , after years of movie collecting and following , to post reviews . I am in a position to easily set up a contraversial website on movie debates , I 'd love that and would challenge anyone on their points of view . let me know what you think and I will reply accordingly.agent.cross@yahoo.co.ukLook forward to it .
 `` Batman Begins '' is a five-star film . Do n't forget it . But the 2nd disc , packaged only with the `` Deluxe Edition , '' is one of the most underwhelming `` bonus '' discs ever sold . Yes , Christian Bale 's transformation into Batman is amazing , but he merely talks about it -- we do n't see much of his grueling eating and workout habits . There 's some insight into the director and screenwriter 's collaboration , but to get there you 'll need to page through a maddening `` comic book '' interface . By the time I finished making it through the `` interactive '' DVD , I felt like Bruce Wayne after his parents were murdered .
 It is exciting to finally reach an understanding of why there is such acharacter called Batman . We are taken into the life and times of BruceWayne whose personal expierences are responsible for his dedication tofight injustice and bring brightness into the lives of people who arebeing preyed upon by unscrupulous villians . This crusading Dark Knight isaided in his quest by his loyal butler Alfred .
 I erroneously thought that this version was already in Blu-ray but that is not the case since I 've yet to see it at either of the 2 leading stores , Circuit City or Best Buy -LRB- you have to pre-order at Amazon -RRB- . Anyway I have it it in HD and it 's simply reference quality Hi-Def . Enough has been said about the excellence that Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento , Insomnia -RRB- brought to this film and of course the fine cast -LRB- Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , Rutger Hauer , Gary Oldman , etc -RRB- . The only weak member of the cast would be Katie Holmes -LRB- Sorry , Tom !! -RRB- , she is just too wan and detached for us to root for her as Bruce 's love interest but thankfully Maggie Glyenhaal will be better in the sequel !! This disc along with `` King Kong '' and the recent final cut of `` Blade Runner '' will definitely show off the benefits of HD . Plus you could probably get this much cheaper than the Blu-ray edition when it comes out perhaps as low as $ 10 or $ 12 used and $ 14.95 new !! Am looking forward to the follow-up , `` The Dark Knight '' , in the summer or fall , I suppose .
 It 's the first batman that really could be a true story . No over the top fake bat `` stuff '' . This movie goes as close to the real as possble . I loved it!I hated the old Batman -LRB- POW !! , WOW !! -RRB- crap in the 60 's !
 Director/co-writer Christopher Nolan has done two movies I admire very much
 The origins of Batman are explored in this fine fifth installment of the Batman series . Young Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- tumbles down an abandoned well on his family 's property . While in the well , he is set upon by a group of angry bats . After some time , Bruce is finally rescued by his father , but he now has a terrible fear of bats . Later , Bruce witnesses the horrible murder of his mother and father . Years later and still shaken from the death of his parents , Bruce ventures abroad to learn the means to fight injustice and turn fear against those who prey on the fearful.Bruce meets Henri Ducard -LRB- Lian Neeson -RRB- a member of a secret society known as the League of Shadows . Henri trains Bruce in fighting injustice , but some of their methods seem very extreme . These methods will show up later in the film.Bruce returns to Gotham city to find it a cesspool for crime bosses and wrong-doers . Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- has managed to buy off most of the cops and judges in Gotham so his mob basically controls the town . One of Falcone 's thugs is doctor Jonathan Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- . Known as the `` scarecrow '' , he has developed a gas that can poison people as well as Gotham 's water supply . Inhalig the gas can cause people to go insane . Crane is getting ready to unleash this gas on the citizens of Gotham.Bruce decides that he must do something to help the people of Gotham . He enlists the help of Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , a techie who works at Wayne Enterprises . He developed all kinds of cool gear , such as a kevlar suit and a high-performance ATV . With Lucius ' help , Bruce uses these items to give birth to Batman . Even with all of this high-tech gear , will Batman be able to stop Carmine Falcone and the scarecrow before they destroy Gotham?I enjoyed this movie a great deal . The special effects are very good , and I enjoyed seeing how Bruce became Batman . The acting , especially by Liam Neeson and Morgan Freeman , is superb . I recommend this movie very highly . Watch and see how a troubled child matures into a great crime-fighting superhero .
 This is the batman film we have been waiting for . It 's batman at his best and the story to the film was great.It is much diffrent than the first four films . If you have n't read a comic than you might not get the film . This is one of the best films of this year and I ca n't wait for the sequal .
 Pros1 . Christian Bale is a fantastic actor and is perfect for Batman .2 . Scripted and filmed much better than previous movies .3 . Provided much better reason for obtained technology and car .4 . Dealt with issue of vigilanteism .5 . Fantastic cast .6 . Very good character development of Alfred .7 . Great teaser for next movie featuring the Joker.Cons1 . Zero chemistry between Bruce Wayne and Rachel Dawes . IMHO
 never say ` never ' for me . i am not a bat fan . tho ' i hv seen all those batman flicks . and not one hv stood out as this . this is a keeper . this batman i LIKE . and i was not even a BALE 's fan . however , here he really surprises me . c.NOLAN has truly done a marvelous job . it could be the ` ninja ' trainings and the dual philosophies that did the trick for me . but more than that , it was the female co-star . k. HOLMES ' rachel dawes is independent but not pushy and she is great to look at and need no ` sexy ' wearables to make her presence felt . G. OLDMAN 's gordon - man , is he not a great character actor , or what.m . FREEMAN ; m CAINE ; RUTGER and l.NEESON are all icing to the cake . thorougly enjoyed it the 2nd time and will watch it again and again and again . let 's hope , NOLAN and c. BALE will not stop here .
 The Batman franchise was near death after Batman and Robin , the horrendous , neon glowed toy commercial of a movie . Everything that was beloved about Batman was stripped away and made into cliches . The villians were caricatures , the damsels not very worth saving , and the introduction of Robin and Batgirl signalled the end of a once proud franchise.Enter Chris Nolan . Knowing that taking the story back to the beginning was the only solution , Batman Begins delves into the backstory of Batman 's origins , but in a dark , fresh way that re-invigorates the franchise and leaves you waiting eagerly for a sequel . We learn how Bruce Wayne gained his fear of bats , how he becamse the fighter he is , and see a more realistic explanation for the suit , utility belt , bat cave , and bat mobile . Christian Bale is by far the best actor to play the role , and Gary Oldman , Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , and Liam Neeson breathe new life into characters old and new . Cillian Murphy was also quite good as Scarecrow.This is what Batman was supposed to be . We can only hope that the team comes back for a sequel , especially as the Joker is likely to be the villian . This movie embodies the spirit of the Batman franchise , the dark , gritty and honest story of a man trying to make the world a little safer .
 This is the best batman movie ever . I did like batman and batman returns , but the last two sucked . It looked like it will be a long time before we got to see another batman film . But then here came Christopher Nolen to give us something we have been waiting for . A batman film we can say is probably the best film and in my opinion the best comic boobk movie ever . Come on this beats spiderman 2 and fantastic 4 . This goes into more detail of how bruce wayne became batman . And for some people they may bitch about that bruce is n't batman that much or may moke of how Christian Bale changes his voice but they do n't know a good movie.I recommened this movie to anyone .
 Batman Begins is an awesome movie , especially for a superhero movie , which can be bad . -LRB- AKA Catwoman -RRB- Four and a half stars !
 After watching the movie , I finally went out and got issues # 404 - # 407 , the issues in which this movie is supposedly based . After reading the comic , there is nothing in the movie that was drawn from this ` Year One ' storyline , other than the premise that it shows Batman in the starting years . These issues do not account for Bruce Wayne 's 7 year absence , do not refer to any training , does not mention Rha Al Ghul , and spends half the time centered on a young lieutenant Gordon who has just arrived in Gotham.To review this movie , I wanted to know how true it was to the comic book . And having read the Year One storyline , I still do not know . Having said that , this is probably the best Batman movie made . It establishes a more serious , darker insight into the character . More true to the modern era of Batman , not the kiddie stuff we grew up with in the 70s . It was interesting to see Batman 's training , and the rationale as to why a man would want to become a bat.Cristian Bale is great , and I 'm glad to hear he has signed up to do more movies . Katie Holmes had a smaller role than I expected , and this is the first time I 've seen Cillian Murphy -LRB- Scarecrow -RRB- , who plays a great villian . If you 've seen any of the previous Batman movies and like it , then you have to go see this one !
 For years , the batman series has been somewhat of a mockery to the comic book . Even Tim Burton flopped the first Batman by having errors like having Harvey Dent be a black man when in the comics he was white.Despite Burton 's best efforts and Shumacher 's dismal attempt and utter demise of a comic book legend , Warner Bros. finally made the Batman that EVERY comic book and Batman fanatic have been waiting for
 this is the best movie i have ever seen . this movie is full of acton and suspense . batman or bruce waynegoes away to some place to train after he was in prison . after he trains he returns to gotham to try to save the city form crime . this movie has non stop action and suspense and crazy stunts . buy this movie its absoulute awesome !!!!
 The first Batman film , Tim Burton 's version way back in 1989 , was n't at all bad , but the three sequels pretty much sucked . No surprise
 Here 's the style that irritates me to no end in books but more so in movies . Movies are really projects about making money . They are very short term investment opportunities . So unlike the legal FIFO rule , it 's crap in ; crap out , or garbage in ; garbage out , as long as we make money . So the dark hero quipping jokes with his female/old/disabled / African American partner , sells to kids but makes your suspension of disbelief that much more difficult . Was the character supposed to be a hard guy ? Then do n't make him Henny Youngman or Chris Rock . `` Batman Begins '' is true to those ideals . First of all Christian Bale looks like I imagined -LRB- before all the ` pretenders ' -RRB- Batman should look . The guy is built . Secondly , Batman 's etiology does not include doing stand-up in LA. . He 's not funny . Michael Caine can be funny . I did n't know that . But you always suspected that Alfred was kind of wry , involved but seemingly above it all . Liam Neeson was a good choice , kind of like Costner , willing to take a second , supporting role . Sean Bean also would have been a good choice . Katie Holmes . Lollipop role.But all those characters avoid making it a parody . You take the movie seriously . And Bruce Wayne is a shallow playboy , and Batman is a cold hearted , driven , vigilante , super hero.Spiderman made millions but it was a comedy played for -LRB- often -RRB- 12-year old humor and a hot Dunst . Hard to take him seriously if you were over 20 . Hulk was a joke . Avenger started out fairly tight and evolved into oddballs and flatulent humor . Early Batmans ? You 're kidding me , right ? This movie , unpretentious , is fairly serious and hence you take it seriously . 5 stars . Larry Scantlebury
 Batman Begins takes the franchise out of the realm of cartoons and puts it back where it began and belongs , in the world of dark comics . Only twice does the movie slip into action movie cliches -- during a long chase scene and in the convoluted climax where the `` wow '' factor is almost equally balanced by the `` what the heck is going on ? '' factor . Fine acting throughout , particularly by Michael Caine , Christian Bale , and Gary Oldham . Batman Begins has much to say on the theme of good versus evil and justice versus vengeance . And it make its points without a moment of preachiness to mar the story . The two hour running time flies by .
 I usually laugh at these types of movies given their lack of true credibility when it comes to believing that a super hero really exists . Superman for example , required a man from another planet - unlikely . However , this batman shows from scratch how it is possible . I always wondered where a guy like Michael Keaton had the time to build all the toys - the cave , the fancy equipement , planes , boats , etc. etc. . Not too realistic.The rediculous evolution of fancier , blingier , more hollywoodistic toys , like the spinning light show that brings the batmobile up and ready to drive off . Where does a guy who is busy fighting crime come up with time for that ? And for what purpose ? It 's all hollywood , and it kills the reality of the character . Arnold and Clooney pretty much put the nail on the coffin for that crap.But thank god for this episode . Not to say the toys were not unrealistic , but they were explained . And they were tested , and modified , and of course already developed by real scientists who had no clue what they would end up being used for.Really , the only unrealistic things I found were that a stone mansion would burn down so easily . Does a billionaire not have a sprinker system ? Or the rediculous subway system that seemed to soar right to wayne enterprises , and how simply it all came down with a few shots in one of the support beams.Never mind just finding the raw strength to pull a huge man like Liam with one hand up the side of a mountain , only holding on by the glove with spikes in the other hand - that was simply not possible for a man his size who had just exerted all of his enery escaping an exploding building.Or the `` feature '' boy that always seems to spot batman and be saved by batman . There are probably thousands of kids running in the city , but of course our feature kid always gets to see batman.But still , I loved the details . By the time he became batman , you knew how and why , and were right there with him ready to kick some ass . The story line is not consistent with the past versions , for example , Commissioner Gordon spots batman for the first time in the original , but in this episode , he is still just a grunt working along side a developing batman . And the story of Jack -LRB- the Joker -RRB- killing his parents is no longer possible , given he was shot in court -LRB- at least that 's what we think happened -RRB- . The Joker was previewed , so I hope that the genuiness carries on for the next episode . If you listen carefully to the last line of the movie , `` robbery , double homicide '' , you realize that he was in fact not killed in the courthouse - it just occurred to me.And major kudos to Morgan Freeman - he is truely the light in every movie he stars in - he is the hope and inspiration that makes us all believe anything is possible . Gary Oldman was ok , he 's getting pumped up as a great actor , but really I saw nothing exciting about his role here - anyone could have done it.But the director was very careful here with the details . For example , batman wears the black makup around the eyes , obviously , but in the scene where he takes his mask off , you think , hmm , will that black makeup be there ? Well , let 's just take a shot from the back and we do n't have to address that issue .
 This is an excellent adaptation of the Batman comic book series and in my mind is the best in a series of recent adaptations of the Caped Crusader . -LRB- Keep in mind , however , that I only found the Michael Keaton Batman and Val Kilmer 's Batman Forever mildly diverting while I found Batman Returns and Batman and Robin to be virtually unwatchable -RRB- . The basic story of the film is explaining how Bruce Wayne -LRB- played surprisingly well by Christian Bale -RRB- became Batman . The story is familiar - Bruce Wayne 's parents are cut down in the course of a crime and Bruce devotes his life to justice . However , what makes Batman Begins superior to the previous entries is that is shows how the path to justice could easily have veered into vengance and vigilantism . Indeed , early in the film Bruce is confronted by Ra 's al-Ghul , a Bhutan-based martial arts master who has taken the second , darker path.The viewer needs to keep in mind that this film falls outside of the timeline of the previous four Batman adaptations ; thus , for example , the killer of the Wayne parents is different in this film than it is in the Keaton Batman series . That said , the story is well told and flows logically ; by the end of the film the main questions of how Bruce Wayne became Batman will be answered.The dichotomy between vengence and justice plays throughout the film , which is dark in nature but not in its ultimate message . That said , Batman Begins is a film that takes itself seriously and is not a film that has been punched up with a witty sidekick or other comic relief . That the film is not overwhelmed by its seriousness is a tribute to both the director and a superb cast of both main and supporting actors . The only moment when the film starts to veer out of the control of director Christopher Nolan is an overly long car chase sequence . That said , this film flies by -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- for a movie that clocks in at 140 minutes.The cast is very strong and includes Morgan Freeman as gadget man Lucius Fox , Michael Caine as Alfred , Gary Oldman as Sergant Gordon , Liam Neeson as Henri Ducard , Rutger Hower as Wayne Enterprises CEO Earle , and Ken Wantanabe as Ra 's Al Ghul . Katie Holmes shows that she is more than Mrs. Tom Cruise with a well-rounded performance as love interest Rachael Dawes . Given the star power in the supporting cast , I 'm a bit surprised that Christian Bale , a relative unknown , got cast in the title role . I was pleasantly surprised by his range in this role , which is likely to vault him into super-stardom . Special effects in this film are nothing remarkable , though the shots in Iceland -LRB- which plays Bhutan in this film -RRB- are beautiful cinematography . The score by Hans Zimmer is outstanding and reflects the dark and serious nature of the film instead of veering into a comic book sensibility.The single-disk DVD is extremely basic - English and French soundtracks and English , French , and Spanish subtitles . Other than that the only feature is a trailer . If you are someone who likes DVDs that are tricked out with commentaries and other bonus features then you should probably look at the two-disk Deluxe edition.That said , if you want to see one of 2005 's best films and a new standard for the Batman series , this is the film to watch .
 Batman Begins is an excellent retelling of Batman 's origins -LRB- something 's that never been properly done in the movies , except maybe in the cartoon movie `` Mask of Phantasm '' -RRB- and brings the Dark Knight back to the mantel he stood upon before the late 1990s . That aside , I really have to commend the director -- Christopher Nolan -- on bringing Batman into the silverscreen limelight , the plot was written quite well . It certainly was on par to the Batman Comics themselves and the dark themes of the series . The city used for Gotham City was such an amazing choice of the corrupt city -- much better than cartoonish Gotham City via `` Forever , '' `` Batman & Robin , '' and the early Tim Burton Batman movies . All which reminded me a deranged architect 's warped mind.A short overview of the movie is this
 This is the dark Batman that Frank Miller created , mixed with some of the original 1940 's iconography from the Batman 's original Comic Book beginnings . At certain points during this caper it was a little bit difficult to recognize him as a hero who wants to help the downtrodden , because of his dark nature -LRB- played to the hilt by Christian Bale - the American Psycho himself -RRB- . Michael Caine has a wonderful comedic influence on this semi-twisted movie . More power to this actor ! It is certainly a long way from The Hand.Katie Holmes seems to be a bit young for the Bat to be dating , but he is a millionaire . I suppose that the characters were supposed to be approximately the same age from the scene towards the beginning of the movie where they were playing in the Wayne garden and Bruce discovers the cave under the South-West corner of the Manse.The new Bat-Moblie is killer . I like the jet-powered one from the Burton films better , but this one served its ' purpose . I never visualized the Bat driving what is , for all intents , a Tank ! It works.This film is a new conceptualization of Gotham and its residents.The character of Jonathan Crane was well played . I can not remember the actor who brought him to life on tis movie , but he made the Scarecrow real for me.I highly recommend this movie !
 When I heard there was another Batman movie coming out I thought to my self , `` Yes , another big flop on my favorite comic book and show . '' I was dead wrong . Batman Begins has the action , and more importantly the plot development that movies lack nowadays . Unlike the Spiderman movie 's happy happy joy joy feel with unrealistic happy outcomes to every event , Batman Begins has plot twists , deception , and is a more realistic movie in general . I 'd have to say that the movie started out pretty quickly and for a second I thought they made Bruce Wayne an Asian man . This movie is probably for teens and adults versus younger kids , just because their is some `` intense and scary '' parts . I 'd have to say this is perhaps one of the best `` hero movies '' and I highly recommend it .
 It 's rare you find such a treat in the theatres these days . Disappointing acting , unoriginal stories , and recycled plots create a crapfest of bad movies . However , The Dark Knight shows us we do n't need to be this way . Heath Ledger , rest his soul , was truly at the top of his game and all the choices were excellent actors . The story line , while obviously somewhat recycled -LRB- forgivably so -RRB- , is as original as its going to get , and the whole movie is carried off without much in the way of flaw . Granted , you can pick things out that are `` wrong '' but all within the realm of suspension of disbelief.In any case , the movie is worth owning just for Ledger 's performance !
 1st . The Product Came On Time .2 nd.I Saw A Portion Of This Film Over At A Freind Of Mines House.I Asked Him To Play It Over Again -LRB- Restart It -RRB- . The Other People That Were Watching Did n't Seem That Enthused At The Idea Starting It Over From The Begining , So They Told Me About It Instead & That Was That As Far As Getting The Flick Restarted .3 rd. . Upon Getting It In My House , I Sat Down & Was Instanly Entertained . I Saw The Whole Movie Finally ...
 I love Batman but looking past that , this is a great movie that renewed faith in the franchise with Christian Bale and Michael Caine .
 Batman Begins discards the previous four films in the series and recasts the Caped Crusader as a fearsome avenging angel . As the title implies , Batman Begins tells the story anew , when Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- flees Western civilization following the murder of his parents . He is taken in by a mysterious instructor named Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson in another mentor role -RRB- and urged to become a ninja in the League of Shadows , but he instead returns to his native Gotham City resolved to end the mob rule that is strangling it.Batman Begins is a welcome return to the grim and gritty version of the Dark Knight , owing a great debt to the graphic novels that preceded it . It does n't have the razzle dazzle , or the mass appeal , of Spider-Man 2 -LRB- though the Batmobile is cool -RRB- , and retelling the origin means it starts slowly , like most `` first '' superhero movies . But it 's certainly the best Bat-film since Burton 's original , and one of the best superhero movies of its time . Bale cuts a good figure as Batman , intense and dangerous but with some of the lightheartedness Michael Keaton brought to the character . Michael Caine provides much of the film 's humor as the family butler , Alfred , and as the love interest , Katie Holmes -LRB- Dawson 's Creek -RRB- is surprisingly believable in her first adult role . Also featuring Gary Oldman as the police officer Jim Gordon , Morgan Freeman as a Q-like gadgets expert , and Cillian Murphy as the vile Jonathan Crane and Liam Neeson as the villain . Batman Begins is sure refreshing and is entertainment at it 's best .
 In this latest batman installment forget the past because it 's dead . Director Chris Nolan takes this genre into a new direction . Batman Begins is full of batman 's roots and the path that lead him to the cape and cowl . There is high caliber acting and a philosophy that everything should be possible despite it not being very probably . Batman is n't some skinny popular actor who can only adjust his voice to baritone or throw a phony punch . He 's an intimating specimen that looks tough enough to handle Bruce Lee . Fighting is n't about show but about quick bone crunching to get the job done . Plus he does lower his voice a lot.Christian Bale -LRB- batman -RRB- is spot on as a believable gritty force that literally puts fear into criminals . Michael Cain plays Alfred to the tee as an enduring figure of wisdom and strength for Batman . All the other actors ' deliver honorable to exceptional performances except for Katie Holmes who is flat from start to finish.No campy one liner 's and cheesy fight scenes in this blockbuster . The fighting is hard hitting and visceral . The writing is thoughtful and full of laughs . This is n't a story where you can guess what is going to happen next . You 're taken on a ride and when it stops you 'll be begging for more.Side Note
 I bought this movie for basically the same price it would have cost me to rent it , so I can not complain . I am not going to offer you a review of the movie , there are better places to find that ; I am just going to recommend that , if you like this movie or think you might like this movie at all , it is better to buy it at this price then to rent it for a buck less .
 I have n't seen the Dark Night yet and in order to get what is happening in that movie I decided to watch Batman Begins . I never really wanted to see this movie even though I have been a big Batman fan over the years . However when I finally put the DVD in to watch it I was gripped from the first moment of the movie.This movie is by far the best Batman I have ever seen . Christian Bale gives an incredible performance . Katie Holmes as usual is so-so but she was better in this movie than most others I have seen here in . This movie is 2 hours and twenty minutes and my interest was kept the entire time . The action shots can get a little rough and Batman 's voice is weird but there is nothing else about this movie I would have wanted better . I am so glad I finally watched this movie and hopefully you do too .
 I went crazy in the theater watching this movie . Would highly recommend it for anyone who is a fan of Batman .
 The Bottom Line : The best Batman movie yet made -LRB- including The Dark Knight -RRB- , Batman Begins suffers only from a miscast Katie Holmes and an extremely over-the-top Tom Wilkinson as it portrays Bruce Wayne 's transformation into Batman about as realistically as possible ; a superhero movie for the modern age .
 I guess the reason I 've always loved Batman , the character , is because he is not really a Superhero . He has absolutely no ` super ' powers and really has to get by on skills and training . That is why , when this came out , it was extremely exciting . How did Batman come to be ? You will find out if you watch this . It is quite interesting and entirely plausable.Of course , credit must be given to Christian Bale , who can do just about anything . He molds himself into this role perfectly , It was like he was always suppose to be Batman . His alter ego , Bruce Wayne reminds me of his character in American Psycho . There are glimpses of snobbery that you ca n't really but compare to the other film . As Batman , he is truly perfect . The voice can get a tad grating at times , but he does n't really talk all that much for it to be an issue.The supporting cast is great as well . I love Michael Caine as the ever-trusty Alfred . He brings a great balance to the film , with wit , charm and just the right touch of humour , when the film calls for it . And his empowering speeches are something to behold.My other favorite character is Gorden , played by the always brilliant Gary Oldman . He is spot on in this role . I always enjoy watching his scenes , especially between him and Batman . He is probably my favorite character in this , save for Batman.Liam Neeson has a nice juicy role as well , though he is barely in the film . He always has great presence.The visuals are all spectacular , as are the costumes , and the Batman car is pretty darn cool . All in all , it 's a great re-invention of the Batman franchise . Just pretend the others do n't exist -LRB- well , except for the first 2 maybe -RRB- .
 I bought this as a gift for my sons , who are Batman fans , and they totally enjoyed it ! Everything that is included in it is well worth the price I paid for it .
 This is a darker , more realistic Batman movie . For comic book fans who have read the earliest stories , this movie series should be heaven.Christopher Nolan is taking audiences back to how Batman was intended to be
 This is a review for the Blu-ray version . As it was stated by many reviews already , you know this is a darker more brooding Batman than any of the previous films . Christian Bale is perfectly cast as the Dark Knight and is easily the best Batman there has been . Liam Neeson -LRB- Ducard -RRB- is excellent as the sensei/villian , and Katie Holmes -LRB- Rachel Dawes -RRB- brings her `` girl next door '' charm as the love interest . Cillian Murphy is frightfully creepy as the Scarecrow/Dr Johnathan Crane . The Blu-ray version of this movie is definatly the way to go . Unsurpassed picture quality and superb audio make this the definative version to own , it makes a great movie even better .
 I think this film has been under appreciated because it is not a traditional action film or superhero film . It is a hero 's journey , as in the old times . Like most such journeys , the protagonist is thrown into the situation by circumstances beyond his control . But , the journey is of his own making.Teens may not like it as much because it explores the broader themes of law , justice , ends justifying the means -LRB- or not -RRB- , and what it really means to be good vs. evil . It does not do this just from a few tossed off lines -LRB- such as the new DK movie does -RRB- , but through the story arc itself . Hopefully some will understand better the ambiguity of our governmental actions around the world and the difficulties of trying to balance safety/security against freedom/rights . Really worth seeing .
 8 Years after the abortion of Batman & Robin , Christopher Nolan decided that he must bring back the dignity of Batman . In order to do that , he must forget anything even portrayed in the previous films . He must recreate the character and place him in a real world where everything is n't just cheesy puns and costumes with nipples . He did all that , and more with the help of some of one of the best movie actors today . Christian Bale , in my view can play almost any role but even I had my doubts about his ability to play the Batman . My worries were quashed when seeing the almost destroyed soul of Bruce Wayne portrayed brilliantly in the very first scene . My review will be separated into three sections , which I do for most movies that give me a lot to talk about . Those three sections are the story , the characters and the review.The Story
 No , I did n't buy the DVD but rented it from Netflix . The first Batman movie with Michael Keaton was good , the rest I did not like . But this one I liked -- a lot . I was never a Batman fan , too dark and sinister for my taste . But this one , which `` explained '' how Batman came to be , was very good . I 've always liked movies that attempted to explain how certain characters came to be , especially when the character as originally created sort of pops up out of nowhere and you are asked to accept they are what they are with little or no background . Such as Sherlock Holmes -- great stories , seen many of the movies that have been made , but `` Young Sherlock Holmes '' provided some background that helped put a lot of the stories into perspective . I 'm sure there were those who hated that movie because someone other than Conan-Doyle wrote the story .
 BATMAN BEGINS suceeds on almost all levels . The acting is wonderfully perfect . The special effects are seamless . The scipt is pretty darn good . Even better than the originals , BATMAN BEGINS revives the story of our beloved caped -LRB- or winged -RRB- crusader from the very beginning , when his parents are killed . It goes from there to a wonderful semi cliff-hanger that leaves you eaglerly awaiting a sequel -LRB- due out in theaters July 18 , 2008 -RRB- . Great acting and script . Seeing the marvelous Bale in the Batman suit is truly a thrill . On a Batman scale alone , this would 've been a 5 . But , to be honest , though it 's great , it 's not as good as Spider-man or Iron Man . That 's the reason for the deducted star . Highly recommended .
 This is a great movie . Best Batman by far . Excellent picture quality on HD DVD . Should be in everybodys collection . Period .
 EXCELLENT !!! I wish I could forget all the other Batman movies , even the ones that Tim Burton directed . Although Michelle Pfeifer was pretty hot as Catwoman . If only ALL Super Hero movies were done like this movie . In my opinion this was even better than Spiderman . Even women that I know who do n't like super hero movies love , that 's right , LOVE , this movie . It is basically a character driven drama with action . And for once , the villains do n't upstage the main character as they did with ALL the previous Batman movies . If you are looking for a Super Hero movie that has it all , look no further . THIS IS IT ! I ca n't wait to see the Dark Knight this summer !!!
 The movie was loaded with lots of action . Fun to watch . Would reccomend it to anyone to watch .
 Very good , the best of any Batman movie in my opinion . Christian Bale is fabulous .
 Christian Bale is excellent as the pre-hero , learning martial arts , disciplines and harsh wisdom from Liam Neeson . Then Bale reassumes a role in his father 's company , from which he manufactures all those bat-trinkets . Michael Caine as the butler is sharp and plays a greater role in guiding the younger Bruce Wayne . Ladies like me will love the beefed-up Bale , who looks even hunkier without the bat outfit . Lots of action as he becomes known as the great crimefighter , but playing the spoiled rich guy from 9 to 5 . He reveals himself only to a childhood girl friend , played sweetly by Katie Holmes . Bale glides confidently through the special effects , lending realism to the impossible .
 what i mean by this batman movie was better than the other twos batman batman 3 & 4 i think this batman movie is better that following the comics than the 4 batman movies that before it i think as far -LRB- micheal keaton , s verison of batman he , s nail -RRB- bale verison not as doesn , t follows the comics and ra , s al Ghul has a pit that makes him young .
 Two words one name Christian Bale ... Job well donei thought to myself why would i want to see a movie about how it was in the beginning but i 'm glad i still watch it , Beautiful cinematography . Great acting . Great story . This is how Batman should be done!I love the other batman mostly of course Micheal Keaton but Christian Bale did a great job
 The drugs . I mean a Batman movie about drugs . That 's all movies are about anymore . Drugs . Ca n't people come up with something different than drugs . None of the other batman movies were about drugs . Just this one . This was the only flaw of the movie . If the next Batman movie is about drugs in 2008 then I am going to be so mad . Christopher Nolan needs to come up with something other than drugs . And then the train fight . This is pretty much a copy from Spider-Man 2 . Correction there are two flaws . Otherwise it had a dark story and great special effects .
 like it should have been
 This was a really good movie ... my brother and my dad even liked it which is unusual . . they are very hard critics to please . Good stuff !
 We enjoyed this new instalment telling the story of Batman 's creation . This episode was more about story than action and special effects although what was there was great to watch.This episode was lighter on the comic relief and more on the story . In the beginning Liam Neeson -LRB- who plays a pseudo mentor for Christian Bale -RRB- reminded me a lot of his Star Wars character . Michael Caine was excellent as the caring chaperone butler but I expected him to go into his `` Kings of England '' speech a few times . Katie Holmes was her cute little self but nothing to write home about . Morgan Freeman had a wee role . All the supporting characters have had better roles but it was fun to see them as supporting cast . And they really do support Christian without stealing the spotlight.This is a splashy role for Christian but he was hot . This was a huge difference from the Machinist which I 've seen recently -LRB- definitely watch it to see the physical sacrifice this actor goes through -RRB- . He was enjoyable and believable as the dark Bruce searching for a purpose and societal role.We enjoyed seeing the creation of Batman 's gadgets
 Batman Begins tells the story of how Bruce Wayne ended up becoming the Dark Knight . We see his training , and learn what inspires him to fight for justice . Christian Bale is perfect casting , and is the best Batman to ever grace the screen . Michael Caine is a brilliant Alfred with a great sense of humor , Morgan Freeman is brilliant in his supporting role , Katie Holmes is great as Bruce 's love interest , and Cillian Murphy is effectively creepy as the Scarecrow . Batman fans , THIS is what you have been waiting to see . While I enjoyed the first two Batman movies of the original series , I felt that they were both lacking something . This Batman brings everything you wanted to see to the screen , and I will be first in line for the sequel .
 The movie franchise that started with Tim Burton 's `` Batman '' in the 1980 's slowly transitioned from gothic thriller to an uneasy mix of Adam West camp and Bob Kane comics . It was a wise decision for Warner Bros. to pretend those four movies never happened.The result is Christopher Nolan 's wonderful `` Batman Begins '' , which explains Bruce Wayne 's childhood , his quest for answers , his training to become a crime fighter , and his discovery of the tools that would make him into Batman in perfect detail . The movie is darker than the Joel Schumacher Batman films were , undoubtedly , but a different type of dark than the Tim Burton films . Instead of being gothic , the film is now a gritty , stylish noire , complete with sneering mob boss and corrupt cops . Gotham City now resembles contemporary Chicago.The cast is perfect . Christian Bale is the best actor to step into the role of Batman so far . His Bruce Wayne is believable and human , and his transition into the altar ego Batman is almost seamless , though he has a tendency to gargle a bit too much when slipping into his menacing `` Bat voice . '' Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman bring much needed comic relief as butler Alfred and gadget-master Lucius Fox , respectively . Michael Caine brings back fond memories of that OTHER Michael from the previous Bat-films . Katie Holmes , like Kim Bassinger , Michelle Pfeiffer , and Nicole Kidman before her , is talented and absolutely stunning . Unfortunately , her character is given precious little to do.The true stars of the Batman films have always been the villains , though , and `` Batman Begins '' is no exception . Cillian Murphy may not have the star power of Jack Nicholson , Danny DeVito , or Jim Carrey , but he delivers the stand-out performance of the movie , playing psychotic psychiatrist Dr. Jonathan Crane . It helps that Murphy auditioned for Bruce Wayne . He 's perfect as the hero 's doppelganger , ranging from charming to oily to completely deranged . As the villainous Scarecrow , he makes a simple burlap sack creepier than should be possible . Liam Neeson , whose bold , commanding voice is second only to James Earl Jones ' , plays a character in the gray area between hero and villain.There are a couple of drawbacks to the film , though . First off , Nolan makes the action sequences too artistic for his own good . The fights are montages of extreme close-ups and quick cuts . Sure , it captures the mystique of the Dark Knight , but it 's not so fun to watch.My second complaint is the same that I had with Tim Burton 's first Batman film . In the comics , Bruce is forever motivated by the unsolved murder of his parents . In both films , the murder of the parents is solved . This time the killer of Bruce 's parents is caught and killed before Bruce even becomes Batman . As a result , Bruce 's motivation to become Batman takes longer to explain than absolutely necessary.Those minor quibbles aside , `` Batman Begins '' is the most human , and most entertaining , Batman movie so far .
 This was everything that I wanted in a Batman movie . Great acting , action , characters and plot . Best Batman movie yet in my opinion.I saw this movie first in Galway and thought it was really good , but when I saw it a second time in Paris I found it much better than the first time . Emotional score , dramatic acting and dark to the core . Brilliant .
 Batman Begins certainly is n't perfect , but it more than does the job of instilling new life into the Batman cinematic universe . It 's unfortunate that any filmmaker had to actually start from scratch and reexamine the origins of Batman , but what else can you do after 1997 's Batman and Robin ? It should never have come to that , as Batman is by far the most compelling and human superhero ever envisioned . I do n't think the film truly gets the back-story right , but it does hit on Bruce Wayne 's primary motivation - the fact that legal and political restraints keep the cops from truly succeeding on too many occasions . As for that back-story , the murder of Bruce 's parents is presented quite well , and his childhood before and after that fateful night also works . Wayne the young adult , however , does n't work for me . Director Christopher Nolan really overplayed , in my opinion , the guilt factor and turned young Bruce into a jerk - when Katie Holmes has to slap some sense into you , you know you 're a jerk . And then there is the matter of Wayne 's 7-year disappearance . Personally , I think the story of Batman 's foreign training in those years is best left shrouded in mystery . In the movie , we see him trained by none other than Ra 's Al Ghul - and that works great and really helps tie this movie together . If you 're familiar with Batman 's history , however , you have to ask
 My husband and I recently watched Batman Begins -LRB- purchased the dvd based upon these Amazon reviews -RRB- and we were pleasantly surpised by this movie . I am not a Batman fan , of either the comic strip , TV show or previous movie versions , but I thoroughly enjoyed this adaption . All of the actors did an excellent job , especially Gary Oldham - is there no charcter he can not portray ? I was expecting not to like Katie Holmes , but again , was pleasantly surpised by her performance . She was too young to play the part of an assistant DA , but it was n't as bad as I expected . And her character does an excellent job of reminding `` Batman '' of his roots and of his parents and what they represented . The movie did not drag and I look forward to more adaptions featuring this winning combination of director , actors , writing , etc. .
 almost all the ingredients to ensure a movie to be good are all included in this movie . i totally enjoyed this viewing experience . like spiderman series , giving these comics ' characters with realistic emotions , love ... that 's why these movies were so good . the special effect , the graphics ... wow !
 Great , great film . The look is at once both dark and brilliant . The casting and acting are superb -LRB- nice to see Rutger Hauer finally get a decent role - his best since Bladerunner -RRB- . This is probably the best comic-book to film adaptation of all time . The writer and director give us a serious rather than silly , campy take on Batman . After Joel Schumaker -LRB- or whatever his name is/was -RRB- destroyed the franchise with his glitzy Broadway-inspired-coreographic crap I figured I would never see another Batman film in my lifetime . I believed the Warner Bros Batman franchise was dead . I am happy to report I was wrong . This film makes up for those debacles and far outshines the Tim Burton films . The franchise is alive and well . Let 's hope they can keep it up.One tiny criticism - you have to buy the special edition version to get any special features . There are no special features on this edition . Cheap stinginess on the part of Warner Bros. .
 This was defenitely the best Batman film of all the many Batman films . The cinematography and special effcts were outstanding and it had a great storyline that is easy to follow . Overall , the movie is great and is the best superhero movie I 've seen .
 If you have n't seen Batman Begins ... rent it . If you agree with me , that this is one of the best movies of the year , and must have the inside scoop on how it was made , pick up this DVD set . The first disc is devoid of any features -LRB- except for the trailer and an MTV spoof -RRB- , but the second disc is packed with just enough for this set to be worth the price . The second disc , however , does have a stange set-up that is made to resemble a comic book , so it is a bit tricky to navigate . It is possible , though . I did n't buy this exact edition , though . I bought the `` Deluxe Edition '' that has a single extra , a short collection of -LRB- 3 -RRB- original Batman issues that were inspiration for the film . It was a few dollars more than this version , but I enjoyed the little graphic novel . Regardless of this version or the deluxe -LRB- which is currently sold out on Amazon -RRB- , this is a great DVD and definately something to purchase . I highly reccomend it .
 An edition to this series which is long overdue , Batman Begins tells the story of Bruce Wayne 's upbringing , how he came to become the hero behind the mask , and delves into the psychological aspect of not only good versus evil , but also self-examination of one 's soul . For this reason , Batman Begins epitomizes more of a thinking man 's Batman.Much of the first half of the film is used to set the background and roots of who Bruce Wayne is.After witnessing the death of his parents , and feeling a sense of guilt over the tragedy , Bruce Wayne attempts to understand not only the criminal 's mind , but the essence of justice as well . After spending time in prison , Wayne encounters Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who in turn teaches Wayne how to defend himself and become an impressive fighter . Despite giving Wayne essential advice -LRB- `` if they ca n't stop you , you can become something else entirely '' -RRB- , it is evident that Ducard 's scheme of justice comes in the form of completely destroying Gotham . Sensing this , Wayne makes a desperate escape from the League of Shadows , returning to the city . From here we see Bruce Wayne 's destiny to become Batman , as he battles the corruptions and injustices which are prevalent in Gotham , choosing to become the symbol of a bat -LRB- which perhaps symbolizes his need to overcome the childhood fear of bats -RRB- . Becoming Batman , and returning to Gotham anew , there is not only a method to fight the various forms of evil-crooked police and officials , and the diabolical psychiatrist Dr. Crane . . aka The Scarecrow-but an outlet for Bruce 's anger at injustices within his own life . This motivation comes through so poignantly , which separates this film from previous others , such as Batman and Robin.The cast is also all-star and remarkable in its own right . Katie Holmes plays Rachael , childhood friend of Wayne , and the woman who he eventually falls for . Michael Caine is exquisitely cast as the butler , Alfred , and Morgan Freeman is great as man behind the technology who works for Wayne.Perhaps most refreshing is the vision and effort of the producers to take a comic-book hero and make him complex . Chris Nolan is able to take the theme of good versus evil and personify it within the characters . Yet , at the same time , the movie still has its action and chase scenes -LRB- albeit quite a lengthy one that is a little over the top -RRB- . Batman Begins is the step in the right direction for this series , and this one is on the same playing field as the original Batman .
 I was very impressed by this movie . I really like the idea that this is not a simply comic book style movie like all the other Batman Movies were . It is a true action movie . There is n't all those crazy special effects , poor storyline and just plain silly looking characters . This gets you deeper into who Bruce Wayne really was and why he became this man of the Night . I like that he was not a killer and would n't not murder anyone . This makes him so much more respectable and honorable . Christian Bale was perfectly cast for this part . I thought he did a great job and I think this helps to put those other Batman movies out of memory . I think this movie finally makes Batman completely respectable and no longer the joke the character had become .
 For Father 's Day , my son and I went to see the fifthin a series of Batman movies ... `` Batman Begins '' . Atrue fan of this big screen sequence , I thought thisprequel was refreshing , exciting ... and on a totallydifferent plain from the first four . What Idiscovered was that Batman has a heart ... has ahistory ... has every reason on the planet to don wings , ears and abilities above and beyond the call ofDracula.While I was expecting the same action-packed thrillsfrom the `` Batman '' , `` Batman Returns '' , `` Batman Forever '' , and `` Batman and Robin '' full screen classics , this onehit a completely different nerve.It is a two-hour and 20 minute drama ... creating thelife of Bruce Wayne from childhood to the Joker.Starring Christian Bale as Bruce -LRB- Batman -RRB- Wayne , thisone was far from being the action thriller withnon-stop special effects , violence and thrills.Director Christopher Nolan took this opportunity togive Batman a heart ... a purpose ... a reason forbeing ... and he does it masterfully . To achieve thisgoal , he had no choice but to submit a 140-minutemasterpiece that achieves everything it set out to do.Don ' t bring the little ones . This intellectualthriller is 20 % action ... 80 % intellectual.Granted , the action builds in the last 30 minutes andthere 's an awesome Batmobile chase , but the true meritof this film is the heart of Batman . Bale turns in ahighly believable performance as the viewer discoverswhy Bruce became the comic book hero of the 50 's . The music and sound holds this flick together.Wayne 's heart throb Rachel -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- , turns in anaverage performance , but this film would have bombedwithout Bale.Perhaps the finest performance is turned in by cinemalegend Michael Caine as Batman 's butler . He has n'tmissed a beat.If this film had been released as the first in thesequence of five films , I would have given it a 5 . But because us viewers expected more action based onits predecessors , I give it an 4 ... which is n't bad.Bale bails this one out .
 This is easily the best super hero film ever made , and possibly one of the Top 10 movies of all time . If the Joel Schumacher installments accomplished anything , it 's that they paved the way for WB to blow up the franchise and start over . I was a HUGE fan of the first Batman when it came out -LRB- I was 13 -RRB- and this movie makes it look like a joke.The most refreshing aspects of the movie is its realism . Portraying Gotham as modern day America , rather than some gloomy comic nightmare , or a neon-riddled discotheque draws us drawn into the action like we have n't been before . Complimenting this direction perfectly were the understated performances of the actors . It was nice to see villains that could exist in real life . I was worried going into this that there were too many story lines -- aside from how Bruce Wayne becomes Batman , there is the love interest with Katie Holmes , and all the villains
 I loved this movie so much . Everything was perfect . It balanced the action and the drama perfectly and was a very mature film . It was realistic and not cartooney like the next four films in the series . The acting all round was excellent . Christian Bale was great as Batman . Also Morgan Freeman , Michael Cain , Cillian Murphy , Gary Oldman and everyone were great . But I was most surprised with Katie Holmes . She really held her own standing among these great male actors . Overall BATMAN BEGINS is the best of the five Batman films.The Series :1 - BATMAN BEGINS2 - BATMAN3 - BATMAN RETURNS4 - BATMAN FOREVER5 - BATMAN & ROBIN
 This is the best Batman movie yet . Although I enjoyed the earlier movies , I did n't think they really did justice to the original Batman , whose leap from the printed pages to the silver screen did n't quite seem to work out and the Batman concept suffered as a result . Here we see a much more realistic version of Batman that is much truer to the original and not some Hollywood vision that is more of a parody . It owes a lot to graphic novels such as Frank Miller 's The Dark Knight Returns , as the Batman character here is a more complex individual , and a darker and more troubled one at that , perhaps reflecting the darker and more troubled Gotham City he has returned to protect . I wo n't say anymore except that the whole movie takes the previous ones a quantum leap up in terms of a quality script , good acting , and much better storyline and plot . Overall , a good movie that finally does justice to the Caped Crusader and worth seeing on the big screen instead of waiting for it to come out on video .
 batman begins is probaly the best batman movie ever!christopher nolan is the best deirector ever!tim burton is my second best ! steavon seilberg and goerge lucas ids my third . it 's the best !
 Batman Begins is EVERYTHING that was the wrong with the previous series of Batman movies . It is dark . It is gritty . It has emotion and heart ... and most importantly , it rediscovers the DETECTIVE in Bruce Wayne aka Batman ... something the original series COMPLETELY FORGOT and replaced with Hollywoodish one liners and sillyness.BATMAN BEGINS takes the time to show you the man behind the mask . Why he became Batman ? How the Batcave came about . It 's exciting watching all the things unfold . The suit . The mask . The Batmobile . The wings . The grappling hooks . The story behind Alfred -LRB- Excellently played by Michael Caine -RRB- . The back story behind the relationship between the future Commissioner Gordon who is now Detective Gordon.Replaced is all the cartoony , goofy settings and bad guys and inserted is a dark gloomy world that lends to the reason why Bruce Wayne does what he does . Crime and corruption have gutted Gotham city from the inside out and he 's on a mission to change the citys future.The new Batman is not as KID friendly as the original series ... but that is what I love about it . I 'm not a kid anymore , and to be quite honest , I would have loved this as a kid anyway.The Scarecrow is PHENOMINAL . Frightening scenes where he rears his ugly head . Tormenting the minds of his victims . Superb effects that made me say `` Awesome '' outloud in the theatre -LRB- not loud though ... just enough where my girlfriend could hear me -RRB- . The only things I could possibly say negatively
 batman begins is the best batman movie in years!i , m so going to get on dvd batman , batman returns , batman forever , batman and robin , and of course batman begins!this movie is about how bruce wayne turned to batman.he trains to be a ninja in asia then gotham city is useless.bruce has to turn to batman!so he gets all of his gadgets and suits and a symbol.he has to kill the scarcrow and ducard because they are destroying gotham city into panik !!!!! bruces love , rachel dawes saves the city !!!
 I have very little to say about this movie :1 . It is the best of the live action Batman movies . It captures what made the comic books so good unlike the Burton/Schumacher era or as I call them
 The smash hit of 2005 , and truely the best movie of 2005 , `` Batman Begins '' is not a disapointment to comic book fans , and movie fans.Christian Bale is Bruce Wayne , a Gotham City socalite , and orphan when his parents are murdered right in front of him . Wayne goes soul searching in the Himalayas , and learns the ways of the League of Shadows , a secret ban of ninjas . After , Wayne uses the skills he learned to fight crime and clean up the scum that runs rampant in Gotham.Morgan Freeman costrats as Lucios Fox , the technicion that supplys Wayne with all his gadgets that make up the Batman suit . Michael Cain costars as Bruce Wayne 's trusty butler Alfred Pennyworth , and Cicilian Murphy gives a chilling performance as Dr Crane , aka Scarecrow.Christian Bale 's portrayal of Batman in this movie is as definitive as Christopher Reeve 's performance of Superman . Bale had the charisma of Bruce Wayne , and the darkness of Bruce Wayne as well . I will also say that this is Bale 's best performance since `` American Psycho `` To classify this as a comic book movie would be wrong . It is actually a realistic view of what Batman would be like in today 's world . So do not expect this to be like `` Sin City '' , `` Superman III '' , or any campy lines and over the top fight scenes . Expect fight scenes like in `` Walking Tall '' , or `` Lethal Weapon '' . The extras are very good.There is a short on the incarnations of Batman from the late 80s till now , a short on how they designed the costume , a feature on the Batmoble in the movie , a feature on making the movie , theatrical trailer , and a photo galary as well.Overall , `` Batman Begins '' will not dissapoint . It will gain new fans , and win back old fans who were turned away with the turd sandwich that was `` Batman & Robin '' .
 This is the best Batman movie for some time it is because everything in this movie is good . For the story , it is good because it talks about how the Batman Begins . For the acting , I ca n't say that Christian Bale is the best for Batman but he is suitable to act as Batman . He is somewhat better than George Clooney where he stars as Batman in `` Batman and Robin '' in 1997 . For the direction , it is awesome because since this movie is truly exciting , no doubt to say that it is good . For the visuals , it is perfect because you know , if it is a good movie , the visual must play a part of it . So , it is good overall . And for this two-disc deluxe edition , it is good to make this because for disc 2 , I can search more about Batman and it is nice that this movie is with the comic book in it . Therefore , it is nice to buy this.Till now , I have watched all my Batman movies , here is how I ranked from the best to worst :1 . Batman Begins -LRB- No doubt that it is good , it is a must-watch . -RRB- 2 . Batman and Robin -LRB- Why I ranked it second for this , not because for the casts , it is quite a relaxing one as there are some quite laughs . -RRB- 3 . Batman Returns -LRB- This movie is very memorable , especially the second half of the movie , first , the catwoman is being banished by the Penguin , then , after the city was distroyed by the Penguin , Bruce Wayne and Selina Kyle know their true identity to Batman and Catwoman . During that time , Max Shreck was out of the cage and found out their true identity , he wanted to finished Batman and Catwoman off by a gun . -RRB- 4 . Batman Forever -LRB- Maybe after a few years after Batman Returns , it brings some fresh look between this and that . -RRB- 5 . Batman -LRB- After I watched this movie , it was okay and the only memorable part was the slip off from a helicopter of the joker . -RRB-
 k , i know a ton of u r gon na click the `` did this review help u ? no button '' but all I 've got to say is GET OFF YO BUTTS AND BUY DIS MOVIE ! IT ROX ! THE GUY WHO PLAYS BRUCE/BATMAN ROX TOO!thank u for ur time goodbye
 I generally think movies are far too overpriced so I generally wait for DVD , but I 'm glad I did n't wait on this one . This film is what the `` Batman '' series has been waiting for
 This was not a movie I was going to see , after all my friends raved about it , I found myself in a San Fernando Valley Cineplex , riveted to the chair . I thought the movie was fantastic . I really love Christopher Nolan 's work , and think the cast is amazing . I am not terribly sure I can be that analytical about it . I just know I was gripped by it . Here are a couple of thoughts ... The journey ... yes , we are used to a darker Batman now . Truly the years of `` bang '' `` zowie '' and Julie Newmar as the catwoman -LRB- and Liberace as a guest villian -RRB- are over . Batman has been dark for a long time ... and all this stuff about Batman being so dark should exist only in conversations over old Green Hornet reruns . . But what seems to be important , more than the darkness , is the journey . This deals with a real person , a tortured billionaire who abandons money for searching ... and then comes back . This is a story ... a story of a journey , and quite effective.The cast ... Ok , how great is Morgan Freeman ? Yeah , he is often Morgan Freeman , but who the hell cares . The supporting cast is brilliant . Gary Oldman , Michael Caine , Cillian Murphy -LRB- creepy creepy pretty boy -RRB- , Tom Wilkinson ... Ok , I had never seen Katie Holmes in anything , and she was n't so great in my opinion , but I am sure in the right vehicle -LRB- and I do n't mean on the back of Tom 's Motorcyle -RRB- she is great.But let 's rave a little about Christian Bale . He is , in my opinion , on a level with Johnny Depp for risky work . He is so fun to watch . You never know where he is going , he keeps you on guard , but ultimately he pulls out a rich , nuanced performance.Finally , lets applaud a piece that is nuanced itself . Funny at times , couched in relationship and history rather than just bloodshed , filled with action ... rooted in story . And ... again ... it dares to be different . I mean , let 's face it , we all have our opinions ... so it boils down to what you want . . If you want a story well told , using heroes and villians as a way of getting to the pain of loss , in a world devoid of a lot of light ... this is definitely one for you ...
 To the idiot who quoted the film as ` foregin ' and that Batman is American and should be all done by Americans is the single most obsured thing EVER ! it proves that certain people can not like a film purely because of the choice of ` foreign ' directors/actors . Being British i feel dissapointed that people can get away with it * cough * ruined The Office , Friends was awful * cough * and blame us ! anyway the film - high class action thorughout and great story telling , read Batman
 This is a serious action film with an arthouse touch . As is well known , it was a majority consensus that the last two film 's in the series were cheap parody 's of the original comic series , that the caped crusader came dangerously close to becoming the `` campy crusader '' , lost is some post modern haze . The last instalment -LRB- Batman & Robin -RRB- with George Clooney as the Batman almost brought Warner Bro 's million-dollar Batman industry to a complete standstill . For some strange reason , Batman , even in the hands of capable filmmakers , lost its way , that is , until now.Christopher Nolan as director and co-screenwriter , known otherwise for his `` thinking '' films -LRB- Memento -RRB- has brought his cerebral sensibilities to the project , resurrecting Batman and presenting the character in the true light he deserves.Nolan approached the subject matter with the seriousness that is appropriate to Batman . He is a dark character , bordering on evil , using fear to combat evil . What Nolan has done is to give the audience the necessary background on Bruce Wayne , his seven year sabbatical in the mountains of Tibet , his training with the League of Shadows and his creation of the Batman , returning to Gotham city to fight the forces of evil.What makes Batman unique compared to other superheroes is the fact he does not have super powers but trains himself to do amazing feats , Wayne 's incredible will to extend himself towards excellence , in the creation of an ideal , is truly inspiring . As Bruce Wayne has unlimited funds as a billionaire , he is only limited by his imagination , creating the ultimate `` vigilantly '' , a dark force to be reckoned with in the battle against crime.The film has a league of excellent actors from Morgan Freeman to Gary Oldman playing a young `` Commissioner Gordon '' ; this would have to be the first `` good guy '' that Oldman has played in over twenty years , and as expected , as one of the best character actors in the business , put in a stellar performance.Chris Bale as Batman soars above previous performances in the long series , making the character memorable and inspiring.One can not write about this film without mentioning the `` Bat mobile '' ; this car is simply astounding , zooming over the rooftops of the city . What one would give to have that car?I had high expectations for this film before walking into the theatre and found that it exceeded those expectations - without question this is a five star film .
 I heard such conflicting reports going into `` Batman Begins '' I really did n't know what to expect , but now that I 've seen it I know how I feel
 8 years after killing the Batman franchise thanks to director Joel Schumacher and Warner Brothers for giving the green light to do so , Batman is reborn in this exquisite effort by Christopher Nolan and Christian Bale . Giving the upmost respect to the DC comic book character , Nolan has created a world that fans have only dreamed of seeing on the big screen in the past , and he succeeds to the utmost degree . From the creation of a Gotham city that is not only believable but REAL -LRB- very limited CGI usage in this film -RRB- to the backstory of how Bruce Wayne became Batman to how he was trained and got all the gadgets that he uses as the Dark Knight , everything works in this film.You do n't have to be a fan of comic books or Batman in particular to enjoy this movie , just a fan of being able to sit back and escape for 2 + hours . If you are a fan of comic books and/or Batman you will be truly enjoying what a comic book film is supposed to be . It 's so refreshing how much time and respect have gone into comic book films the last couple of years and you will be exhuberant as you take in this film . Christopher Nolan has resurrected a franchise that was dead and buried and improved upon the solid effort that Tim Burton put forth in the 1989 film BATMAN . Christian Bale shines as Bruce Wayne and I love the fact that he changes his voice and actually acts different when he dons the rubber . Every acting effort here is solid , as Michael Cain , Morgan Freeman , and Katie Holmes all are great in their roles and they take all these roles seriously.Batman Begins IS the movie of the year thus far and you would be hard-pressed to not be able to enjoy this fantastic film . One of -LRB- if not -RRB- the best comic book adaptations of all time , and a solid , solid effort . I can not wait for the next film in the series . ***** HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION
 In Christopher Nolan 's capable hands , the Batman franchise finally gets the formula right
 The ultimate argument of `` Batman Begins '' is that Batman is really more like Superman than we have suspected . The two DC comic book superheroes have always been like night and day , with Batman prowling Gotham City at night relying on only his finely honed human abilities while Superman uses his superpowers for truth , justice , and the American way . But one of the things that made Superman unique was that he really is Superman , the strange visitor from another planet
 After being bitterly disapponted after seeing Revenge of the Sith I was half expecting to see another dismal franchise film , thankfully I was wrong.Batman Begins is a fantastic film in most ways , it 's entertaining , action packed , has a good mix of chemisty with the talent , decent plot with some twists and most importantly it has ninjas . Any films with ninjas in it ca n't be too bad after all.This film is dark like the original Burton films but has a better cast , plot and overall style to it . I thought the best Batman was Micheal Keaton , however Christian Bale captures the character of moody Bruce Wayne just as well or even better than Keaton.You ca n't go wrong with any film that has the acting likes of Morgan Freeman in it , like Samuel L. Jackson Freeman always delivers a certain cool and an excellent performance to ANY film he has starred in.Gary Oldman and Liam Neeson also add to the overall effectiveness of the plot with both actors making their roles in this film their own and adding a distinct class and style to the movie.Go see this film you wont be disappointed , now just have to wait for DVD to be released .
 Thinking about it now , I consider myself to be very lucky . I was a member of an entire generation whose first introduction to Batman was Tim Burton 's stylistic 1989 film . The only Batman I knew when growing up was Tim Burton 's `` Batman '' and `` Batman Returns '' and in the weekday afternoon cartoon , `` Batman
 I am a big fan of the Batman movies becouse when I was a kid Batman was my favorite charactor . The first Batman movie was great and then Returns was pretty good but then Forever and Batman and Robin sucked . Now a complete new start to the franchise and what a way to start . The movie was great the acting was good the directing was good almost everything about this movie was good . There are some problems witht he movie I did not like Katie Holmes acting lots , I like to see more of the villians they could of done more with the scarcrow and finaly the movie was way to long almost 2 and half hours they could of cut some things out . I liked Micheal Cane and Morgan Freeman alot to great actors and they where relyl good in this . Overall a great film to start a new series Batman fans will not be disapointed .
 I was surprisingly pleased with this movie . Finally , Batman recovers from what Joel Schumacher did to the character and story ! I loved that Gordon is a sergeant and I also liked how it is explained how Batman gets all of his equipment , instead of building everything himself . The Scarecrow character was well done and Liam Neeson was great as usual . In my opinion , the best Batman movie yet . And there is no doubt of a sequel since a `` Joker '' card is found as evidence at the end . But why `` Batman Begins '' ? Why not `` The Dark Knight , '' or something with a little more character ?
 This movie is undoubtedly catered for matured audience who is looking more for depths and character developments . It used to be that comic book movie offering defines clearly who the bad and good guys are ; a lot of kicking arse going on but ultimately , justice shall prevail . Subsequently , a new generation of directors started to rattle the cage , namely Ang Lee in the Hulk and now , Christopher Nolan in Batman Begins . I find it quite a breath of fresh air by `` deconstructing '' parts of Batman . This movie attempts to address the many why , who , where , when , how questions of Batman and I 'm excited to report that the outcomes are rather logical but not corny and crass . Some `` old '' villains are introduced such as Scarecrow . New characters are introduced such as Bruce Wayne 's childhood friend and later , love interest in the form of Katie Holmes , Raul , and Morgan Freeman 's character akin to Q of James Bond franchise who introduced to Bruce Wayne many `` toys '' that grown-up men who are young at heart would droll all over . Ultimately , the production is sleek by introducing new elements to freshen up the franchise and yet , not overdoing it to the extent that it sidelines the Batman fans of the past such as myself . I guess it 's true to say that this movie allows us to have a cake and eat it too . Last but not least , a dry movie wo n't make do without some light-hearted jokes which are mainly done superbly by the veterans such as Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman . It 's really wonderful to see Rutger Hauer back to the silver screen once again . The casting for Batman Begins is impeccable with so many heavy weight actors . Hans Zimmer soundtrack is as heroic and compelling as always . Overall , a very well-done movie that keeps audience talking after the end credit rolls out . I ca n't wait for the DVD limited edition release . Moreoever , I look forward to watching the sequel which would most definitely bring back the most colourful villain of all , the Joker . Gotham is always a part of the Batman myth and in this offering , the place is as bleak and as intimidating as always . Long live the Batman franchise ! Highly recommended to be watched on the big screen .
 I think it 's obvious by now that the majority of Batman fans are declaring `` Batman Begins '' as the best film in the franchise . I 'll second that . Tim Burton 's first 2 Batman films were good in their own right , but oftentimes too twisted and bizarre . And I wo n't even comment on the piles of excrement that were `` Batman Forever '' and `` Batman and Robin . '' But Christopher Nolan has awaken this franchise from the coma it was in with `` Batman Begins . '' His vision of Batman , Gotham City , atmosphere , etc. is what we 've all been waiting for . I knew very little about Christian Bale prior to seeing this movie , but I thought he did a fantastic job as Batman , while playing the superhero as well as playing Bruce Wayne . All of the supporting cast were impressive as well although Morgan Freeman was rather underused.But despite my high praise for this movie , I did have an issue with something , which bothered me enough to knock off a star from my review ... no memorable villains . The majority of the bad guys in this movie are either corrupt crime bosses or average-citizen slimy thugs . This is a Batman film after all ... we want to see villains with novelty superpowers , powers that equal those of Batman . Powers that will challenge Batman . Unfortunately , Batman is able to get rid of all villains -LRB- or should I say , thugs -RRB- in this movie way too easily . Most of them do n't even put up a fight ! The only somewhat-memorable villain is of course The Scarecrow , and his character is definitely cool . The special effects used in his fright scenes were magnificent . However , he is given very little screen time . I also found his character highly under-developed and one-dimensional . He is gotten rid of too easily , and Batman is n't even the one who does it . We also have Batman 's former trainer -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- showing up at a later point in the movie and becoming a villain , but that does n't go anywhere other than an obligatory fight sequence that 's uninspiring . I really think this movie short-changed us in the villain department . But I have high hopes for the sequel , now that we know that The Joker will be making his appearance.But I will reiterate that `` Batman Begins '' is an all-around awesome movie . The PG-13 rating is very appropriate ; the kiddies will probably be scared by many scenes . And this movie is LOUD . Then again , that 's one of the thrills of seeing it on the big screen . All in all , a great film .
 Christian Bale , having bulked up 100 lbs . to 220 lbs . from his 120 lbs . virtual skeleton frame of The Machinist , puts on the most believable Batman rendition since Michael Keaton - hands down . Unlike Clooney and Kilmer , he is just as credible as both Bruce Wayne and Batman - hardly a simple task . And let 's not forget Michael Caine as Alfred - how good was he ? And , last but not least , Katie Holmes was n't exactly hard on the eyes and performed admirably as well .
 I 'll tell you right now . I have always HATED Batman . This movie changed it all . The story is gripping and the action is intense . There are some sad and scary elements in there as well . If you 're a fan of Batman , you 've got to see it . If you 're not a fan , you 'll probably enjoy it anyway . 5 stars , 2 thumbs way up and highest recommendations .
 Behind the city lights exists a subterranean society where crime runs rampant . Who better to rid this society from corruptness than a man in a suit of amour that resembles a bat-like figure ? BATMAN BEGINS has the similar dark and sinister quality as the first BATMAN film , but with much more violence . For the premise of the film , it is twofold . First , Bruce Wayne attempting to come to terms with his demons . Second , fighting municipal and corporate bureaucracy that is tainting the waters of Gotham city.The highlight of the film shows how Bruce Wayne came to being the `` Batman '' . From his childhood recollection of falling into an empty well and encountering a flock of bats attacking him to escaping the fears of his past , Wayne seeks solace in an unidentified far away land that resembles a snow covered Shangri la Himalayan landscape where he trains amongst darkly clothed ninja warriors , which are led by Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- and Ra Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- . Director , Chris Nolan , presents a somewhat ambiguous and sketchy depiction of Wayne 's travel to the Far East . However , Nolan cuts to the chase by with Wayne declaring his purpose in life is to serve justice and to conquer the Gotham underworld . Some may consider the first hour of the film as sluggish , but it is the core of the film . As a historical-side footnote , did the lower foundations of Wayne mansion , which later was converted to the bat cave , possibly serve as a passage to the Underground Railroad ? Ah , the fantasy of fiction.Nevertheless , BATMAN BEGINS carries its weight with a parade of well-established stars . Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman , Michael Cane as Alfred the Butler , and Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox steal the show . However , the romantic entanglement between Wayne and Rachel -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- appears in fragmented segments . The most frightening scenes are captured by Dr. Jonathan Crane/Scarecrow -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- who sprays some pscyhologically brain-poisoning powder with a sandpeople looking mask that results in an extreme depiction of a hallucination gone bad . Despite the defining moments , there are subtle moments in the film where Wayne still has not come to grips with the loss of his father , and continues to have flashbacks and the repetitious scene with his father 's stethscope . Could this suggest that he wanted to cure the ills of society as his father had done to cure his patients?BATMAN definitely delivers . However , this is not a film that young audience members should see without an adult . There is plenty of pop ` em and sock ` em scenes , but not without a tremendous array of explosive theatrics and cinematography that does at all resemble the old Saturday cartoons of yesterday . So , if you 're in a batty mood or would like to see the beginnings of a superhero , may Batman begin .
 I was fortunate enough to have seen the film before I read any of the standard assortments of critical reviews out in the press . I had heard hearsay that Roger Ebert had said that this movie accomplished exactly what comics to movies should accomplish . Nothing more , just the standard rumblings you 'd expect from the standard summer blockbuster.This film is not a regular summer blockbuster . It saves the Batman movie genre single handedly from the likes of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Tommy Lee Jones and other terrible performances from the past five films based on Batman Comics . This film is also the greatest achiever in the category of `` Comic Book based film . '' This film beats Spiderman II and X2
 Batman Begins is such a good , involving film , it almost renders all past film incarnations obsolete ! The only one worth mentioning in a positive light from now on is Tim Burton 's 1989 original-but I still liked this better.Christian Bale is absolutely dead-on as Batman/Bruce Wayne ! I remember being pleased with the news of his casting , but his performance exceeded my expectations . He nails both the intensity and the wry humor the character should always have , and he actually looks the part of both Bruce -LRB- handsome playboy -RRB- and Batty -LRB- physically intimidating , athletic -RRB- . The supporting cast here is quite impressive -LRB- They actually support without taking away from the central character . Genius ! -RRB- . Michael Caine is actually better than the previous Alfred , which is saying a lot ! Morgan Freeman is reliable as ever , as is Gary Oldman . Liam Neeson is also in fine form in what you initially think is an obvious prototype performance as the wise mentor . Even Katie Holmes comes off at least as good as Kirsten Dunst did in Spiderman.Other helpful attributes to this film are it 's story , which thankfully takes the time to explain itself and , as a result , all the usual Batman myths become more than just convenient plot devices . Also , the tone of the movie just feels right . It 's dark and serious when necessary , always edgy , and adds just the right amount of quirky winking humor at just the right times . This is probably due to Christopher Nolan 's more-than-capable directing . He is a real talent and has yet to have a misstep in his short but impressive career . The music is typical Hans Zimmer material without much of a theme -LRB- not a criticism -RRB- and not very comic-book sounding a la Danny Elfman , but still evokes a since of legend and excitement.Overall , Batman Begins is a real summer treat ! An entertaining film that rings true on just about every level . This lumbering franchise has been both redeemed and taken to new heights , and I for one ca n't wait to see how it unfolds this time in sequel form . As long as they keep the essential elements of this film intact , it should be a very enjoyable ride !
 Not to worry ! `` Batman Begins '' is nowhere near the trainwrecks that were `` Batman Forever '' and `` Batman & Robin '' . . aside from Katie Holmes -LRB- a poor choice for the character of Rachel Dawes -RRB- , this movie is enjoyable from start to finish!This movie is dark , gripping , and action-packed . The acting is OK for the most part , as is the plot , of course . Aside from a few dodgy scenes -LRB- including the death of the parents and when Batman confronts some fat villain-esq type character -RRB- , this movie 's filled with style and substance and will have you keeping your eyes glued to the screen.Morgan Freeman , thankfully , is tolerable in this movie and fits nicely into his role . Nothing over-done , nothing small . Just right.But surely the biggest flaw of this movie is the fact that Katie Holmes was cast -LRB- ed -RRB- as the leading-lady . This woman gives us a C-grade performance and somewhat de-rails this movie 's potential . I say they should 've gone with a stunning blonde or brunette who knew how to act well -- and who could 've had actual chemistry with The Caped Crusader . Katie Holmes seems all right when she first appears , but ultimately she 's D.O.A. and I 'm not happy she was put in this film.This film 's not campy . At all . It has some good dialogue and some pretty sharp/ace lines . This film 's a lot darker than its predecessors and it 's more intense.Christian Bale made for a decent Batman . He 's a finer pick than Val Kilmer and George Clooney.Oh , and the ending leads us to think that there 's room for a sequel . Hopefully we 'll get one in 07/08 . It was well worth paying $ 5 to see this movie in the theatre ... Oh , and how creepy was The Scarecrow ?! . . Ugh . I might just have nightmares ! Awesome villain in this one !
 Batman Begins is a slow starter . It goes into great depth about Bruce Wayne 's history with flashbacks inside of flashbacks . This is done early on in the movie to such a pain staking degree that some people may think it was a mistake to expect this to be an action movie . People may chalk it up to a boring movie and stop watching before giving it a chance.Batman Begins may start slow , but it builds momentum so gradually that by the end you 're on a roller coaster ride going breakneck speed and your not even sure exactly at what point the true ride started . Instead of being numbed by the non-stop , start to finish barrage of action , you 're left with the thrill of having been taken through a progressive ride.Batman Begins also makes an unusual choice in using some of the more obscure villains . Most writers would typically go for the big names
 Christian Bale is great as Bruce Wayne and the rest of the crew -LRB- Liam Neeson , Michael Caine , Gary Oldman , Morgan Freeman -RRB- make this film the best Batman movie yet.The director takes a different course than previous films , Batman Begins is dark and sinister.We see why Bruce Wayne turned to crime fighting.The film is chock full of suspense , action and high tech gadgets.The HD DVD version is a flawless transfer and a worthy addition to your collection .
 Just as Daniel Craig and the writing crew are bringing a welcome change to the James Bond story , Christian Bale does it for Batman . This is a darker , more thrilling version of Batman and more in the spirit of the Bourne movies -LRB- seems like this is the benchmark these days ! -RRB- . Never cheesy , very entertaining . If you 've shied away from Batman after the last few in the series , you will definitely climb back on board with this movie .
 Christian Bale 's performance is amazing as he grows up and transforms into Batman . The storyline keeps the viewer 's interest throughout every moment with suspense , mystery , and action in every scene . Hands down , this is one of my favorite movies ever !
 I 'm a huge fan of the first Tim Burton Batman movie of the 90s ... but the rest of them were kind of garbage . The final straw was when Joel Schumacher decided it was best to include nipples on the bat-suit , and light up gotham city with flourescent lights . I honestly do n't see how that movie made it past test audiences.anyway , Batman Begins completely takes away the cheese of the other batman sequels and starts anew with an amazing cast , director , and story . Christopher Nolan deserves the most praise here , weaving together a movie that flat out makes you believe a 6 ' 2 '' billionaire playboy can run amok in the streets in a halloween costume , beating up bad guys . Christian Bale has always been one of my favorite actors , ever since seeing him in the criminally underated Equilibrium -LRB- see it ! -RRB- . His performance as both batman and Bruce Wayne is spot on.The villains in this movie were great as well . the Scarecrow has never been more terrifying , and Ra 's -LRB- batman 's oldest enemy , and teacher -RRB- offered more than enough trouble for batman to deal with.I hold high expectations for this summer 's sequel The Dark Knight , which by the way , is a great graphic novel -LRB- but not what the movie is based on , unfortunately -RRB- .
 Christopher Nolan 's reinventing of the Batman franchise is more than a good Batman movie -- It 's a solid film . This two disc dvd has plenty of goodies for the cinephile to enjoy . Solid buy , worth the m oney .
 This is hands down the best tv or movie version of Batman to be created . IMO , it ties with X2 for the best movie adaptation of a comic . Whether you 're a hardcore comic fan or you just enjoy a good action movie , it 's definitely worth watching . The 2 disc DVD is loaded with special features .
 `` Batman Begins '' is the best film yet about Bob Kane 's Caped Crusader . It goes a little over the top at the end , and someone should tell star Christian Bale that his imitation , intentional or not , of Clint Eastwood 's voice sounds more like Kurt Russell in those `` Escape from New York '' movies than the man himself , but the movie is ambitious in ways that 1989 's Batman was not , especially in detailing the origins of Bruce Wayne 's altar ego.And the cast ... whoa , the cast
 I got this HD-DVD from this website for like 13 bucks and watch the Batman Begins on my add-on 360 HD-DVD drive , the picture are amazing on my Optoma HD70 on my 25 ft wall , amazing detail and so ALIVE ! The story is almost perfect , but what is missing is Danny Elfman music and I missed the tone of Batman Return which is one of the top 2 batman movie ever filmed . Yes , I mean Batman Return and Batman Begins ... they 're both amaziong and well-made movie . I ca n't wait to get the rest of the other batman movies on HD-DVD !
 When the film technology finally caught up to the imagination of comic book writers many movies were made that showed off the visual effects a movie has to offer . While these movies have gone on to becoming blockbusters , comic book fans -LRB- like myself -RRB- have often complained about the story.Batman Begins is one of the few exceptions as the story not only grips you to your seat hanging on every word , but blowing your mind by the visual effects.And to make things even better , we the high definition -LRB- HD DVD -RRB- edition is even BETTER . Every scene is crisp and makes you feel like a participant of the movie.Of all the Batmans , Christian Bale captures the dark , tortured side of our dark-winged hero better than the others . His acting is amazing and does a fantastic job of showing how Batman became Batman and how he overcame his biggest enemy
 I watch the movie on Standard , but I finally watch the HD DVD version . Although the movie was `` Ok to par , '' the HD version is awesome and at times it is brilliant , yet at times it was just `` OK , '' I have it for my HD Collection but it does n't top some other HD DVD movies -LRB- Seasbicuit or Phantom of the Opra -RRB- . I love the dark side of Batman and that made this movie a little better than a playful hero . I 'm happy with the purchase and its a good collection for your HD 's .
 Batman Begins is one of the best Batman movies yet . I was honestly not expecting much and just expecting to see just another Batman film with yet another actor playing Batman . I was pleasantly surprised at how good this movie was , and what a great job Christian Bale -LRB- American Psycho -RRB- did . I had no desire to even see this film and I was really glad I did . This movie is dark but not as dark as some of the earlier films . What makes this Batman stand out is that like the Spider-Man movies this has just the right amount of action and drama . I will not give any details about the movie as not to spoil it for people who have not seen it , but I will say Batman Begins is in the tradition of Spider-Man and it is truly worth checking out .
 I just saw this movie last night , and it blew my socks off . This is the beginning of a beautiful franchise . It was even better than Tim Burton 's takes on Batman , which I loved . Christian Bale is the first truly scary Batman . All of the actors are excellent , the story was exciting , the villians did n't overtake the movie ... probably the best summer movie this year .
 I purchased an HD-DVD player with this title in mind and it doesnt disappoint . This is by far one of the very best HD-DVD 's on the market to date and even tho the brand is somewhat new , that is still saying something as there are a bunch of beautiful releases already . This is without a doubt a reference quality disc both in terms of the picture , Audio and in terms of extras and what the HD format can do that regular DVD 's cant.First the picture and what a picture it is . It is a flawless transfer with absolutly stunning detail . The amount of grain is perfect with no noticable noise & no edge enhancment was visable throught the entire film . The skin tones are beautiful and the colors accurate . One of the most impressive aspects of the picture is the rendition of the color black . Black levels are perfect with plenty of detail seen in the shadows . The scene where he is spraypainting his batsuit with the black spraypaint has to be seen to be believed . I dont think I have ever seen the color black presented so perfectly in a home movie before and there are alot of dark scenes in this film so that is one of the reasons why this transfer is so beautiful . There isnt a single thing I would change with the picture . My hats off to the people that were in charge of this transfer , its one of the best I have ever seen.As for the audio , the Dolby Digital Plus track is amazing but the TrueHD track is where this baby really takes off . if you own the Toshiba A1 you need to update to the 2.0 firmware udate to be able to use the TreHD and its everybit worth updating . The Batman begins soundtrack is an awsome one in general , very heavy in bass it just a wonderful mix that adds an extra oopmh to the action scenes like any good soundtrack should . On the TrueHD track it sounded simply stunning . Dialogue was easily heard without sacrificing any of the other sounds and effects . Overall its the best TrueHD track so far and that again is saying something as Training Day had an awsome TrueHD track , it just couldnt beat out the power this soundtrack had.As for the extras , were presented with all of the extras from the 2 disc special edition plus the HD-DVD exclusive IME track -LRB- In-Movie Experience -RRB- . There were some people who complained that this IME track wasnt as good as some of the others because some of the pauses between speakers were fairly long . I have to 100 % disagree with this . When people on the IME track are speaking non stop and the IME track runs non stop you are never really given a chance to get into the movie as all of your attention is focused on the IME screen . With Batman Begins they made it so the IME track was active during the less important and less exciting scenes and inactive during the exciting and important scenes . What this did was allow you to actually get involved with the movie while at the same time get information from the IME track during the more boring and less important parts of the movie . They absolutly did this on purpose and you can tell alot of thought went into when the IME should be active and when it shouldnt . In the end it was unlike anything I have ever experinced before with a commentary track and when the movie was over I had felt like I had not only just seen the IME track but I had also watched the movie . It was awsome and really has me sold on IME . I thought that IME might be kind of gimmicky when Ifirst got into HD-DVD but it couldnt be farther from the truth . IME is the future of commentary tracks and there really is no comparison between IME and the old style of commentary.So to sum this up , Batmen Begins is a must buy if you own a HD-DVD player . Its one of the best super hero movies ever made and this HD-DVD transfer is the best it has ever looked . Put a big dose of amazing sound and a big dose of IME on top of that and you have what is arguably the best release so far for HD-DVD . Its releases like this that make me happy I got into HD-DVD right off the bat without worrying about the damned format war . as long as HD-DVD keeps performing at this level , I will be an HD-DVD supporter till the end.OrangeCrush
 Wow , I love the look of the first five minutes . It took me that long to determine the audio was in Russian only . I think this can only happen in China , folks . Back to the DVD store for me . -LRB- 8 months later ... -RRB- I went to a DVD store that does n't sell pirated copies . Triple the price , perfectly legal , royalties to the authors and such . Wow , I love the look of the first five minutes . It took me that long to determine the audio and the subtitles were Chinese only . Hmm . One day I 'll return to the land of illegal DVDs and find an English copy . Again , the powers that be force me to pirate . The business model is flawed , folks . -LRB- English at last ... -RRB- I 've spent 30 or so years of my life wasting my money on films based on comic books . Have you ? If so , it 's because you were hoping to see this film . You 've been disappointed most of your life , same as me . But , at last , here it is . I have no desire to reiterate all its strengths , because others have done it before . I bet you , my readers , have already seen this film . But if not , well , find a way to see it right now . You 'll love it the way I do . Yes you will . There is no way they could make it better . None .
 It has been said that a work of art tells us more about the artist than the subject matter in the art . This is particularly true in stories about comic book characters . I feel privileged to have lived in a time when so many good `` superhero '' movies have been made.I enjoy morality plays , stories that are thinly veiled formulas for discussing uncommon ideals and moral questions . As I get older , I enjoy fewer things , but I still enjoy a moral tale . It seems a little bit ironic that we seem to be able to swallow sweeping moral discussions more in animated , operatic , or superhero features . In TV we 've constantly had morality plays in the many incarnations of `` Law & Order '' , `` Star Trek '' , & many other shows.The movie starts off by graying the lines between good & evil and vigilantism & idealism . The main characters are people with primary personas different than their alternate identity . We hear the advice of Liam Neeson 's character , not knowing whether to champion him or be suspicious - a writing choice that respects the intelligence of the moviegoer.The movie explores the long running `` Batman '' question of
 I hated the Tim Burton and Joel Schumacher versions of Batman so my expectations were very low that anyone in Hollywood could make a good Batman flick . So imagine my surprise when I finally watched Batman Begins and found a movie version of the Dark Knight that could have been taken from the comics.Christian Bale gives the definitive Batman portrayal in this excellent film and he is joined by an entire cast of amazing actors that give life to characters of the comic mythology ; Michael Caine as Alfred , Liam Neeson as Henri Ducard , Gary Oldman as Jim Gordon , Cillian Murphy as Dr. Jonathan Crane , Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox , and the list goes on ... At its core this movie is about fear and how it is dealt with -LRB- and dealt out -RRB- and director Christopher Nolan has captured that theme and embedded into every scene and nuance , and the actors , Bale in particular , keep a veneer of fear over their performances that adds to their realism.Christopher Nolen has rebooted the Batman franchise and turned it into what it should have been all along . Now let 's hope that the movie moguls do n't screw it up again !
 The `` Batman '' concept has had an iron grip on American pop culture for decades , but for some reason the various adaptations of the Caped Crusader 's tales to the Big Screen have been at best acceptable , and their worst , despicable . Whatever the reason , there has n't been a film version of `` Batman '' that really captured the essence of the `` Batman '' stories.Until now , that is . Christopher Nolan , of `` Memento '' fame , has made arguably the best `` comic book '' film ever with `` Batman Begins . '' -LRB- I know , fans of `` X-Men 2 '' and `` Sin City '' get riled up with that assertion , but as Gene Hackman says in `` Crimson Tide , '' `` It 's a short list . '' -RRB- Taking the `` Batman '' story closer to the `` Dark Knight '' versions of our hero and eschewing the more campy elements of other interpretations , Nolan takes an all-star cast and makes a movie that should have George Clooney , Val Kilmer , and even Michael Keaton calling their agents and screaming , `` This is the ` Batman ' picture I should have made ! `` Christian Bale takes over the title role , and works wonders with it . Batman has always been a difficult hero to personify . Not only is he a brilliant , daring muscleman , he has to possess the vulnerability brought about by the tragic loss of his parents . He also has to bring off the `` billionaire playboy '' public persona of Bruce Wayne . No actor donning the Bat Cape yet has achieved this balance with the same ease as Bale - perhaps this is n't surprising , since Bale has been disappearing into wonderful characters long before `` American Psycho '' -- his work as a young lad in 1987 's `` Empire of the Sun '' and Kenneth Branagh 's `` Henry V '' in 1989 was very impressive.To `` help out the young guy , '' Nolan and his team assembled an all-star supporting cast , to say the least . Michael Caine brings the necessary dignity to Alfred the Butler , but also the necessary affection and humor . Gary Oldman is remarkably restrained as the lone straight arrow in the Gotham City police department as a young Jim Gordon . Liam Neeson and Ken Watanabe are creepy as young Wayne 's tutors in the nefarious League of Shadows -LRB- more on them in a second -RRB- . Tom Wilkinson plays a gutter-boy-made-it-big crime lord . Rutger Hauer plays a minor villain , as a deceitful corporate hack in charge of Wayne Enterprises . Cillian Murphy -LRB- `` 28 Days Later '' -RRB- brings a youthful menace to the Scarecrow . And once again , Morgan Freeman almost steals the show as Wayne Enterprises ' resident technical genius -LRB- and source for all the infamous Batman gizmos -RRB- Lucius Fox.Only Katie Holmes , as Wayne 's love interest and young D.A. Rachel Dawes , seems a bit overwhelmed by all this star power . But I guess Scarlett Johannson ca n't be in * every * movie . `` Batman Begins '' is aptly titled , as the movie spends most of its time telling the tale of how Bruce Wayne forged the alter ego Batman after his parents were gunned down before his eyes as a lad of ten or so . Wayne , struggling with guilt over his innocent role in his parents ' murder as well as the crushing weight of his family 's wealth and legacy , tries to research the criminal mind by hanging out with criminals and spending time in foreign jails as a petty thief.There he is `` tapped '' by Henri Ducard -LRB- Neeson -RRB- as the chief trainer in the League of Shadows . The League , a collection of ninja-warriors , has been dispensing its draconian form of justice for centuries . Whenever a civilization gets too corrupt , the League brings it down so civilization can start anew . `` We sacked Rome . We were there when London burned . '' Neeson 's Ducard is quite insane , but his insanity is so restricted by his rigid code of justice that he is more or less kept in check . Wayne is stellar during the training , but he balks at the League 's more draconian beliefs , and Wayne 's belief in redemption sparks what is certain to be a long-standing feud between Wayne and the survivors of the League -LRB- oh , yeah , Wayne single-handedly burns their headquarters to the ground , which may require the League to `` get reacquainted '' with Wayne later in the movie -RRB- . Wayne returns `` from the dead '' to Gotham City just in time for the Scarecrow , Dr. Jonathan Crane , to unleash his plot to bring the city to its knees using a hallucinogenic drug and the city 's water main . All I 'll say about that is that this plot line builds to one of the most amazing fight scenes imaginable involving Gotham City mass transit and the tank-like Batmobile.A visual splendour , `` Batman Begins '' is also more realistic than the more recent stylized `` Batman '' movies.I imagine a review of `` Batman Begins '' is redundant if you 're already a Batman fan -- you 've already seen this movie , probably more than once . But if you 've stayed away from Batman because of the terrible reputation of the previous movies , or the Adam West TV show , or because it 's a ` comic book movie , ' you should watch `` Batman Begins . '' It is a great entertainment , and hopefully the start of a great new line of movies about the Caped Crusader .
 ... only joking.Christopher Nolan 's take on the Caped Crusader takes a refreshing and more serious direction than the previous two installments of the Batman franchise . Gone is the irritating self-parody . Gone are the tired theatrics . Gone are the camp villains whom seem more in common with the tone of the original television show -LRB- POW ! WHACK ! YAWN ! -RRB- rather than Tim Burton 's revitalised take on the then stale ` superhero ' genre.Christian Bale is an inspired choice to play Bruce Wayne . If you have seen his portrayal of Patrick Bateman in American Psycho you begin to recognise a true acting talent . His transformation from murderous , souless Wall St yuppie into one of the world 's most recognisable superheroes is very similar to Michael Keaton 's transformation from his funny OTT performance as the green haired , bug-eating bio-exorcist in Beetlejuice to his sobering , deadpan portyal in Burton 's Batman world.Bale , however , is just as complex as Bruce Wayne as Keaton was in his portrayal . Bale 's Bruce Wayne is fuelled by anger , guilt and , initially , a desire for revenge . In this respect , he is not much different from Henri Ducard , Bruce Wayne 's initial mentor -LRB- played by Liam Neeson -RRB- - who teaches Wayne how to let go of his fears.Katie Holmes is the love interest as Rachel Dawes , a district DA -LRB- if somewhat unrealistically young -RRB- who , like Wayne , seeks justice in a city slipping into squalor and corruption , fuelled by apathy.Michael Caine is great as Alfred . He is very paternal to Wayne , even to the point of chastising him as if he is a mischievous school boy . Morgan Freeman adds warmth as a fallen Lucius Fox who keeps some pretty cool toys in his warehouse-like workplace.Gotham City has also been given a fresh takeover . Gone is the neo-gothic fairyland that is always nearly buried in night and snow . This city is a fusion of New York and Chicago and other huge city landscapes . This supplements the film 's more sober approach to the Batman legacy . Criminals are drug-dealers , mobsters , corrupt cops , rather than Jokers , Riddlers , etc. . The Scarecrow is a wacky villain , but his use of mind destroying drugs is creepy and sinister enough to give him serious gravitus.I found this film brilliant in its fresh retake on the story . This , arguably , is the best superhero film to be made in years . It has revitalised the legacy for new Batman fans as well as offering something new for old die-hards . The ending finishes up with a tantalising prospect of a sequel -LRB- I read somewhere Jude Law may play the Joker , though it may be just a rumour -RRB- .
 A flutter of cape . The tinkle of a bottle down and ally . A flash of a dark omious figure , and then he 's there , in front of you , behind you , above you , and your life of crime is now over.This is Batman . This is the Batman , I , my Father , my Mother , My Fiancee , my Brother , and everyone I know has been waiting for . As a fan of the Comics , and of Paul Dini 's masterpiece , Batman the Animated Series , I had high expectations of this film.I did n't particularly care for Burton 's Batman , and I could n't stand Batman Returns . Burton was always more interested in why the villians were the villians , and most of the screen time in both of his films are dedicated to showing us the Villians ' origins . Well this movie does not have that problem . This is about Bruce 's motivations . This is about a wounded Child , a monster set free by a murderer , and reigned in by self-disipline . This is BATMAN : YEAR ONE done right . We see a young Bruce wrestle with the demons of his past , and finally realising that he can never fully exorsize them , he must control them , or they will control him . He has help in the the form of Michael Caine as Alfred , spot on and ego free . I was worried that Michael may be too big a name to play the butler . But Alfred is more the father in this than the Butler , and his worldly advice is always spot on.Morgan Freeman plays Lucious Fox , Former CEO of Wayne Enterprises , and holder of all those -LRB- -LRB- if I may steal from Burton and Jack for a Moment -RRB- -RRB- `` Wonderful Toys '' Morgans has such a wonderful Twinkle in his eye every time he shows off a new toy , you are very very excited for the possibility.Katie Holmes is a womderful Rachel . A grounded Love interest for Bruce , that keeps him centered on the past that was , and that which was happy.The always Underated Liam Neeson is an excelent foil to Christian Bale . He proves that Youth and Speed do not trounce Age and Experience.Ken Watanabe is awesome as Ra 's Al Ghul . A vigillanty of the global Order.Cillian Murphy makes the Scarecrow truely scarry . I was worried that he would just be silly , but I actually jumped in my seat during his scenes.and Gary Oldman is just fantastic as Lt. Gordon . Not quite the confident ally of Batman yet , he is new to the scene , and is feling things out.This film is dark . This is the Batman of the comic . There is no neon save the flickering light in the front of a pawn shop . There is nothing gothic other than the oppressive structures of Chicago , New York , and London -LRB- -LRB- all of which stood in or Gotham , and made me partial to the film from the get go , as a Chicago Filmmaker -RRB- -RRB- This is Batman , respected , in the fore front , and learning what it is to be a Hero .
 I 'll not mince words , I 'll not try to feign some foreign objectivity in this review ; I am a fan boy . A comic fan boy , a Batman fan boy . So , obviously , I went into Batman Begins with certainly a different mind set than most . A mind set of great hope for the quality of the film , and , if that hope was dashed , an elevated level of dislike and disappointment . I happily report that upon viewing this film , there was absolutely no need for feelings of disappointment on my part . The movie is , simply put , perfect . If not as a film in its own right , than as an faithful adaptation of the character of Batman.So , where to begin my critique ? Well , the heart of every film is its story/plot , so I 'll start there . Begins ' is excellent . I 've known it for quite some time , having read the script to the film over a year ago -LRB- even wrote a review about it -RRB- , so there really was n't anything `` shocking '' for me in that department . But still , what impressed me the most about the Begins script months ago , once again impressed me on the screen . The story is simply huge . In both scope and depth of plot . A LOT happens in this movie . More than anything that 's happened in the previous Batman movies , maybe more than anything that 's happened in any superhero movie . This , thusly means no minutes are wasted in Begins ; every scene has a purpose and serves a point to the plot . Which makes the movie quickly paced and never , ever boring . I never go into a lot of plot detail in my reviews , but suffice it to say there are plenty of twists , turns , emotional impacts that will keep your eyes locked to the screen . Including an end scene which may not just be one of the most iconic scenes ever , but also drops a big hint of the great things to come in Batman 's adventures and , hopefully , in Begins ' sequel.The thing that impressed me the most about the film was the acting . Every performance is stellar . Probably the best cast and performance since the Lord of the Rings . And not only is everyone excellent , they each give breath life into their character , and give it a. . . personality all its own . Liam Neeson as Ducard plays the perfect mentor role , just as he has done repeatedly during his career . Michael Caine proves himself to be the best Alfred ever ; balancing wit and concern for his Master without becoming a nag . Morgan Freeman is almost endearing as the film 's `` Q '' character ; providing Bruce with all the necessary equipment to become the legend he desires to be . Gary Oldman simply is Jim Gordon , quickly become an almost impromptu sidekick of Batman 's , and does so in a way that 's both fun -LRB- sometimes even funny -RRB- and smart . And Cillian Murphy as The Scarecrow does the most of his somewhat limited screen time and steals every scene he 's in . And doing it without stealing the movie ; a flaw of the previous Batman films and villains . He 's marvelously creepy , and simply devours his dialog and spits it back out with a fervor and passion you do n't often see . I 'll definitely be paying close attention to Murphy 's burgeoning career , as he may indeed turn out to be something quite special in the acting world in years to come . Also , mentions should also go out to Tom Wilkinson and Rutger Hauer for their supporting rolls as Carmine Falcone and Mr. Earl respectively . These are professionals , and they display their expertise in every scene.Then at the center of this grand opera of oscar-caliber acting , there is Christian Bale . The fan favorite . The cult icon . He is ... amazing . He gives , without a doubt in my mind , the best portrayal of a superhero ever . Even surpassing the late , great Christopher Reeve . He gives Bruce a personality that , frankly , I have never fully seen before . Even in the definitive Batman
 Since his first dramatic appearance in Detective Comics in 1939 , Batman has grown to become a pop-culture icon . From movie serials in the 40 's , to a classic campy TV show in the 60 's , to a solid animated series in the 90 's , fans have thrilled to the super heroics of this unique character . However , as a film franchise , he has brought results that were somewhat less than impressive creatively . While the Tim Burton directed films , BATMAN and BATMAN RETURNS were stylish and dark , they also suffered from plot holes you could drive a Batmobile through . Then Joel Schumacher introduced a Day-Glo sensibility to the Dark Knight in BATMAN FOREVER , before drowning the character in ludicrous costumes -LRB- a Bat suit with nipples ??? -RRB- , pun-filled foes , and whiney sidekicks in the lousy BATMAN & ROBIN . By then , Batman as cinematic property had become a laughingstock . Fortunately , indie film director Christopher Nolan reinvigorates the franchise in glorious form in BATMAN BEGINS , a reboot of the Batman legend that , for the first time , puts the focus squarely on our hero and not on the over-the-top villains of past films . Nolan also bases the film in a strong semblance of reality that allows the audience to not only accept the possibility of the winged vigilante , but embrace it as well.Most fans already know the story of how wealthy Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- loses his parents when they are slain during an attempted robbery , but the movie also tells how he chose the bat as his symbol , as well as the steps needed to become the avenger of the night that he turns into . Disillusioned and frustrated by Gotham City 's corrupt judicial system , the young Wayne goes abroad to study the criminal mind . Later , while locked in an Asian prison , Wayne is recruited by the enigmatic Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who offers him a path in which to focus his anger and hone his skills . Wayne eventually joins his new mentor as a recruit in the mysterious League of Shadows , headed by the sinister Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Wantanabe -RRB- . Eventually , Wayne realizes that he can not follow the League 's extreme methods of dispensing justice and returns to Gotham to forge his own way . It soon turns out that Wayne 's return is just in time as Gotham falls prey to a fear epidemic engineered by the twisted Dr. Jonathan Crane AKA `` the Scarecrow '' -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- and a familiar figure from Wayne 's past.From the top on down , this film is blessed with a solid cast that adds wonderfully to Nolan 's vision . As the title hero , Christian Bale blows all other Batman portrayers out of the water with his intense and scary take of the role . This is a Batman that you not only fear , but can relate to as well . In fact , he turns in the definitive performance . Michael Caine adds warmth and humor as Wayne 's trusty butler , Alfred . Liam Neeson does a great variation of his usual mentor roles as Ducard , a man with his own surprising secret . As an assistant DA and Wayne 's childhood friend , Katie Holmes does a nice job with what is basically a thankless role . Cillian Murphy makes for a perfectly creepy Scarecrow , while Morgan Freeman is solid as usual as the man who provides Batman 's wondrous car and gadgets . Gary Oldman is wonderfully cast against type as Jim Gordon , one of Gotham 's few honest cops . The scene in which he drives the tank-like Batmobile is a sheer delight.The screenplay by Nolan and David Goyer -LRB- who wrote the BLADE films -RRB- is awash with characterization and motivation ... something that you do n't see in many comic book films as a rule . In fact , you get so engrossed by the proceedings that you almost forget that you are watching a `` superhero '' film in the first place . The special effects are used to enhance the story and not overpower it , while the set design pictures a Gotham that is a unique cross of Chicago , New York and Hong Kong . If there is a flaw , it lies in some of the fight sequences . Done in close-ups and quick cuts , they can get frustrating for those who want to see more of Batman 's fighting style . However , this is very minor since the story never ceases to grasp your attention.In the end , Nolan and his superb cast and crew succeed in achieving what was once thought impossible
 Christopher Nolan and his co-screenwriter , David Goyer have chosen to postpone the crossover of Bruce Wayne -LRB- a soulful Christian Bale -RRB- into Batman until half way through the new `` Batman Begins . `` And this is a crucial and important step that Nolan puts off until Bruce walks the earth in search of his own personal nirvana ... in a sort of Christ-like journey to understand himself and his place in the world after his parents are brutally murdered . It is also from this quest that he acquires the knowledge and skills necessary for him to become a warrior , ready and able to combat the ills and rid his town Gotham of all evil-doers . Nolan 's `` Batman Begins '' is a more macho , masculine film than were the previous movies , which is not to take anything away from Tim Burton 's elegiac , gothic and visionary takes on this story . But Burton 's world is/was / and will always be the world of the dreamer
 When i first heard they were making a new Batman movie , i thought , it wo n't be better than the old ones . That was before i went and watched the old ones again , as I had n't seen them in years . The first one in 89 was good , but after that , they all completely blowed . I mean , they just sucked . The acting was horrible , it was so stupid , it seemed like a comedy.Then I saw the trailer for Batman Begins , and it was amazing . I have seen the movie 3 times so far , not to mention once in IMAX , and am going to see it again . It was just awesome . At first , i did n't like the different look of batman or the batmobile , but you grow to like it , and now i absolutely love it . The acting was great , and Liam Neeson was a great actor for Ra 's . I liked the new , tougher , almost criminal , Bale as Batman . He was a great actor as well.As the other review mentioned , the music for a movie can destroy it , or make it incredible . The old batman movies had freakin circus music and Prince , what the heck . Hans Zimmer is amazing with this movie . Already creating incredible soundtracks for Gladiator and King Arthur , for example , he was perfect for Batman . The music makes the exciting action scenes 20 times better . I honestly got chills when i watched this movie , it was so good . For example , the final scene of the train , the music made the scene so much more action packed . And the `` scary '' parts , or more disturbing parts with the toxin being inhaled by batman and other people , made THOSE scenes perfect as well.The new batmobile is simply amazing . When i first saw it , before i saw the movie , i was like `` o no , not a dang tank ! '' But i later loved it , more than the old crappy ones with the flimsy `` wings '' on it . It is just more tough and has better gadgets , like the spike strips , or more spike balls , for that matter.Batman 's outfit is much better in these movies . It does n't look like crappy rubber or stuff like that , cuz its not . And the guy who said earlier that he can barely move his head , well , he moves it plenty . Compared to the old movies , he looks like he is n't even wearing the cowl . In the old ones , there was n't any head movement at all , he had to move his whole body . Then there is his cape . This is the best cape ever made . Batman does n't have to hold sticks out to make it look like his cape is up . He can actually glide on it . Its just so much better.Anyways , that finishes my review . This movie was the best movie i 've seen in a long time . It makes me happy to know that it was n't really associated with the old ones , and it is n't part of that franchise . I would n't want to be known for those pitiful attempts . I ca n't wait till the deluxe edition comes out . I also ca n't wait till the next movie comes out , with the Joker and all .
 I wo n't go on for six paragraphs about how good this movie is . In all reality , I would need twenty or more . This is THE definitive comic book movie of all time . It stays true to the source material , and as true to reality as possible . Be warned though , this Batman is not for the faint of heart . Clooney and Kilmer were laughable in their batsuits . Michael Keaton looked cool enough . But Christian Bale as Batman is downright scary . If you think Keaton pulling a thug close to his face and whispering just who he is was scary back in 1989 , you 've got another thing coming when Bale growls and hisses and hangs criminals upside down over the sides of buildings as they more than likely soil themselves . All of that , plus the villain -LRB- Scarecrow -RRB- makes Nicholson 's Joker look ... like ... well , a clown . THis is not only the greatest comic book film of all time , but it deserves a place within the top 100 films of all time for it 's cinematography , script , direction , and performances.Bottom line : Absolute paradise for Batman fans -- and still a damn enjoyable movie for people that would say , `` Bat-who ? ''
 Let 's all take a moment and try to remember -LRB- or forget -RRB- just how bad the last two Batman movies -LRB- `` Batman Forever '' and `` Batman and Robin '' -RRB- actually were . They were horrible . Neon Lights in Gotham ?? Nipples on the bat suit ?? Bat-cracks ? Alicia Silverstone in a Batman movie ? As Batgirl ???? All this left the general movie-goers with a clear picture of what they thought comic books and the movie adaptions from them were all about , and it has haunted us true and loyal comic book fans for a long time.Now think about the last few years , in particular the `` Spider-Man '' movies . They proved , finally , that hollywood can invest a ton of money , get a great ensemble cast and -LRB- cherish the thought -RRB- be faithful to the source material . The result ? Two great movies -LRB- spidey -RRB- . Now comes `` Batman Begins '' , and thank you very much it follows the story more than very well . It is dark , gritty , emotional and everything a Batman movie SHOULD be . But before we get Batman , we get Bruce Wayne and the movie is 100x better for it . We ca n't empathize with Wayne unless we see his journey , his struggles and his mistakes . And this film shows us all of that.When the moment comes that Batman finally makes his appearance in the dark shadows of a Gotham dock , you almost have forgotten your watching a Batman film . The first hour or so focusing on Wayne and all the supporting characters -LRB- all amazingly well acted -RRB- is a great film in and of itself , and then we get an hour or so of Batman on top of it!The film moves along well , and is just a great great flick . Fans of the comic walk away having seen there favorite caped crusader finally told right and told well -LRB- not to take away from Burton 's two films , but they are n't even on the same level as this -RRB- . And newcomers get an amazing story.The Deluxe Edition DVD is definetly the way to go , as the single disc version has nothing , not even a trailer . This version , aside from a nifty comic book featuring three Bat-tales that inspired the script of the movie , has about a dozen featurettes ranging from 7-15 minutes on the script , the costume , the batmobile , stunts , etc. . Also a great comic book interactive menu sits on the 2nd disc , which is really fun.The sound and Picture quality are top notch , and this DVD is very Highly recommended !
 Batman Begins is in no way linked to the previous 4 movies in any way -LRB- and thank god , in my opinion -RRB- . The cast in the film is superb . Christian Bale does an incredible job as Bruce Wayne and Batman . As many know , these are really two different parts because Bruce Wayne is really the fake , public persona wheras Batman is when Bruce Wayne shows his true identity . They finally touch on this , and it is done beautifully . Also , Gary Oldman is wonderful as Lt. Jim Gordon - and thankfully this character is done in such an awesome fashion . He is Batman 's only friend and a great cop on a terribly corrupt police force in this movie , the way the character was meant to be . Michael Caine really shines as Alfred and the character is portrayed wonderfully . Liam Neeson is spectacular as Henri Ducard , Bruce Wayne 's mentor . Cillian Murphy is twisted and creepy as the Scarecrow without being over the top whatsoever . And Morgan Freeman 's performance is great in the few memorable scenes he is in . Katie Holmes also really gives a great performance as Bruce 's lifetime friend and Gothams Assistant DA.As far as the plot goes - it is fantastic.Christopher Nolan and David Goyer wrote a great script with an incredibly touching and suspensful plot . The action scenes are really incredible as well , and all of the action is necessary to the plot and extremely well edited.One of the most wonderful things about this movie is the realism that is consistent throughout the movie . Gone are the ridiculous neon lights of Schumacher 's movies and the extreme Gothic tone of Burton 's . You really feel that Batman could exist in this Gotham City - even so much that this movie does n't feel like a `` superhero '' movie , it feels like a man going out for revenge . It really goes above and beyond the genre to create a very realistic movie.This movie is a MUST SEE , in my opinion , and a MUST OWN for anyone who likes having great superhero movies.This film is by far the most realistic comicbook movie ever made .
 I 've been avoiding much of Holleywood 's latest productions due to so many predictable stories , politically-driven plots , and mediocre acting so I did not catch this one in theatres . I probably would not even have rented it if my son had not begged me to do so . I am sooooo glad now that I 've seen it . I 'm blown away ... this is not only the best Batman movie out there but one of the top five best action/adventure movies I 've ever seen !! I bought a copy through Amazon before even finishing the DVD.Batman has always been one of my favorite superheros but one that has rarely been well captured on screen . He 's basically a regular , more-or-less everyday guy who works out a lot and has some cool gadgets ; sort of brooding James Bond in a mask and cape . This movie starts out by showing how he learned and perfected his martial arts skills . It really captures the soul of the Dark Knight . Christian Bale is a perfect choice to play this character . I ca n't say enough positive things about this approach , it 's exactly how I have always pictured the character.The pacing nears perfection , the action is gripping and extremely well choreographed , the acting is top rate , the writing is fantastic , and the cinematography is outstanding . Rarely is a known story done so originally and well . I love the depth of the characters , the splashes of humor , and the low-key but everpresent moral undertones . It 's neither preachy nor over the top . And , despite the fact that we all have a pretty good idea of the plot it is surprisingly original . Oh , and it 's got Liam Neesan with a sword too ; what more could you want ; - -RRB- I am also very impressed with how they show Gotham being very much like any large US city today yet demonstrate in a realistic and believable manner how a masked superhero and fantastic villians can fit in that context . I really hope this cast/crew/director hook-up again for a sequal as the calling card at the end perhaps suggests.Fantastic ; heartily recommended !
 Hey , guess what ? This is a real good film . Actually , the first half of this production is an excellent movie and the second half is still pretty darned-good . As the title implies `` Batman Begins '' is an origin story . This is usually my favorite part of Superhero epics -- how about you ? The filmmakers took some interesting risks in casting a lesser-known , though strong actor -- Christian Bale . Bale fits the role and the costume well . He 's brooding , strong , vulnerable , yet decisive -- and perhaps even more than all of that -- as about as real/believable as Batman gets.Another surprise is director Christopher Nolan of the highly acclaimed Memento . For those who have n't seen this unique , yet brain-straining feature ; suffice to say that Nolan is great with thought and suspense -- but action ? What an exciting risk to employ . Personally , I think these risks pay off in spades . This is a film that cares a great deal for what is going on inside the Bat-Man 's head ; the action is more of an accent.The fight scenes are shot close in ; Nolan seems to have made a conscious decision not to compete with other more `` martial arts '' hand-to-hand action flicks . His action scenes are dark , the sounds and movement jeer a chill or more accurately -- fear.Building a solid motif around fear , this strong screenplay unfolds masterfully until the two-thirds mark , at which point some of the pacing slips just a bit , and further complications blur its initial beauty . I enjoyed the idea of the masked foe introduced at that point , but his actual execution on film smacked of the phony supervillians I did n't like in earlier Batmans . That said , the film 's other foes are well-acted , enjoyable , respectably intimidating.A good film -- you 'll get your money 's worth .
 It 's still early in the summer movie season , but so far two beloved-but-ailing film franchises have gotten radical , much-needed reboots.Barely a month after the Star Wars saga wrapped itself up with a worthy finale , `` Batman Begins '' arrives and it , too , renews a series many had written off.There have been four previous `` Batman '' movies in the past two decades
 First of all , let me just say that the review entitled `` I hate you people '' is written by a person that simply does n't quite know what he/she is or how to express their uniqueness in a way that is n't tired and boring . Lamenting the belief that `` Batman Begins '' is another barrage of Hollywood CGI whereas Burton 's `` Batman '' was not is not accurate at all . This person needs to be reminded that Burton 's `` Batman '' was a HUGE summer blockbuster popcorn flick for it 's day -LRB- even more so than thte current movie -RRB- with Burton as the defacto `` it '' director of the time in Hollywood . So , put the two movies side by side and they 're very , very similar.Aside from that , my personal view on this movie is that it is an excellent re-birth of the Batman series -LRB- hoping that more will follow , of course -RRB- . Tim Burton 's `` Batman '' was great for it 's day and was just what us geeks were waiting for . Keaton and Nicholson were fantastic in their roles of Batman and Joker , respectively . In my opinion , no one will be able to match Jack as the Joker , but we 'll see what may come for any future movies . They ca n't just throw in Jim Carrey as another reviewer suggested . They need an actor who can play a wickedly evil , yet perversely funny , villain and pull it off with flair . Let 's leave Carrey as The Riddler as that fit him much better . It would be great to see , possibly , Mark Hamill in this role since he voiced the animated Joker so well.I usually tire of origin stories , but this one was outstanding . Following the same vein as `` Spider-Man '' , Nolan shows us the very human , and very flawed , Bruce Wayne and his agonizing journey of self-realization after his parents ' deaths . I was drawn into the story and understood in a more vibrant way than ever before of why Bruce became the Batman . His emergence of the hero we all know and love was great to see ; from how he got many of his gadgets and the Batmobile , to how he and Alfred had to come up with sneaky ways to order the bits and pieces of his costume.With the exception of Katie Holmes , whom I personally do n't care too much for , all of the other actors were great choices for their roles . Morgan Freeman was excellent and should have had more screen time . Gary Oldman portrayed Gordon in a very honest and caring way that made me appreciate him as an actor and Gordon as a character . Michael Caine , of course , was absolutely fabulous and embraced Alfred as his own.The one thing that initially concerned me before the movie came out was the new Batmobile . I literally groaned , `` Oh , no . Not that , please . '' But I am glad to say that I was pleasantly surprised . Where I once hated it , I now love it and it 's perfect for this storyline . If Bruce gets his gadgets from unused government contract prototypes , why not his car?Bottom line ... Blockbuster action flick ? Absolutely ! But one done very well with an excellent storyline and great actors.Overloaded with CGI ? I do n't see that at all . Hardly any CGI that I remember.My wife , who normally does n't care for superhero/action type films , really liked this movie .
 This movie was so darn good I do n't even know where to start . Batman is the `` dark knight '' for a reason . Something that hollywood apparently never decided to notice until two comic book geeks themselves -LRB- writer David S. Goyer and director Chris Nolan -RRB- were given the reigns to the best comic hero ever . This movie is phenomenal . It is the truest , and in my mind , the only , representation of Batman to ever hit the big screen . What does it do that the others do n't ? Many things.First of all , Batman Begins tells the story of Bruce Wayne . It does n't just start him out as some aristocratic loverboy heir like every other movie seemed hellbent on doing . This movie lets us know Bruce Wayne BEFORE we know Batman . Knowing the man behind the mask is half the fun when it comes to superheroes and costumed figures . Without knowing an individual 's inspiration for his actions , we 're left to just think , `` wow , this guy is some superhuman weirdo , '' but this has never been the case with Bruce Wayne . He is a normal -LRB- albeit extremely wealthy and intelligent -RRB- human being . He has no superpowers except his mind and his friends . He is a person . Goyer and Nolan captured this perfectly with Batman Begins.Secondly , Batman as Batman is more fun than ever before . Christian Bale is absolutely perfect for both the role of Bruce and Batman . He is an extremely talented actor who has honed his chops on brooding/buff roles in many of his previous films -LRB- see Equilibrium for example ... it 's basically Batman -RRB- and it shows . Christian brings a life and funness to Batman that was never really there because none of the others actors who have ever played him even knew who Batman was supposed to be . Christian 's Batman is distraught , he 's enraged , he 's new to the game , and he 's fresh and excited to be out doing what he thinks is good . Bale nails Batman , which lets Batman be the Batman all us comic fans have been craving.Finally , not only does this film have an absolutely stellar cast , but it has an amazing plot and great action scenes . Finally , a story that is interesting , intriguing , and worthy of being turned into a movie . And for all the comic action fans out there , there is action that is -LRB- for the most part -RRB- believable and very entertaining . Of course the Tumbler could probably never really drive on roofs , but come on , it 's fun and it actually goes with the plot really well ! Batman Begins is hands-down the greatest comic movie since the original Brandon Lee `` Crow . '' Spiderman 1 and 2 were fun , X2 , was a blast , but Batman Begins is a movie . It 's perfectly executed on all accounts and should be viewed by everyone .
 It can be argued the Tim Burton 's artistic direction of Batman and Batman Returns could never be duplicated . But the good news is director Christopher Nolan does not try to remake any past incarnation of the Batman character , he creates anew . Being the director of films imbued with dark characters -LRB- Following , Momento , Insomnia -RRB- Nolan is the perfect choice to take on the Dark Knight . And for those who did n't know the name Christian Bale before his turn here as the young Bruce Wayne/Batman , will certainly be taking notice now . Batman Begins is truly a new start for the Batman franchise . It may have too much story and too little superhero action for some viewers , but the fact is
 DC is doing it again . Let 's face it , when one pictured the `` Dark Knight '' of Frank Miller , did they expect a Cesar Romero Joker in Burton 's Batman ? No . Did they expect pop music and `` chick 's dig the car '' ? No . And who did n't think of `` Scooby Doo Meets Batman '' when Clooney pulled out the Batman Credit Card?Honstly I was expecting Batman V to have Alfred serving bat cookies.Finally they get it right ! Batman is above all a drama . It is about the humanity behind these characters , not the joke cracking Webhead.DC realises that Batman is an intelligent comic . While certainly some of the character over the years were over the top , my generation found a Batman and his archvillians who were DANGEROUS . They were characters who were three dimensional . They were flesh and blood and could be coming to a city near you.Who does n't laugh with the line , `` love that Joker '' ? This time , Batman 's enemy Scarecrow was a freaky character with an actor who , no offense , looked like Joan Rivers in cosmetic surgery heaven . If that is n't scary , I do n't know what is.Batman needed to be fleshed out and in this film he was . Yes , it was more about Bruce Wayne . And Smallville is about Clark Kent . But this is what makes Batman interesting , in that he is an alter-ego , not the person himself . By coming to gripes with people we reach an emotional attachment , an in depth analysis of how they tick . We care for them . And this is the purpose of drama , which Batman is.I honestly have no desire to contrast Keaton with Bale , because they are two different versions of Batman . Keaton was good at what he did . In fact , when comparing to Kilmer and Clooney , give me Keaton all day and all night . However , Bale 's Batman is what we have all been dreaming about , namely a Batman that showed true purpose and that became real.My apologies because I think most here have been much more eloquent and detailed in their reviews.Looking forward to the next one .
 I ca n't add much more to what everyone else has already said except to say that I totally love this film , and it is one of the best comic/superhero films of all time , much less the BEST silver-screen representation of Batman . None of the other films can even touch this one.When I heard that Christopher Nolan was making this , I had hopes that it would be a quality film . I was equally intriqued when they cast Christian Bale . They understood that an actor has to be convincing as Bruce Wayne AND Batman , and Bale is an inspired choice . I read that they wanted to make a great , timeless adventure movie -LRB- as in Star Wars , the original , and Indiana Jones -RRB- with this , and they have . You have lots of great stuff going on here , archetypal characters such as Liam Niesan 's Obe Wan Kinobe-type teacher character . They also finally get Batman 's origin correct , and no , the Joker did n't kill Bruce 's parents , as in the original film . The scene where Lt. Gordon is comforting a young Bruce after his parent 's murder is really emotionally charged . Great casting , great attention to details all around . This is n't someone 's interpretation of the source material , this IS the source material , collectively on film , and it even enhances the source material -LRB- as there is no one true definitive ORIGIN story for Batman because DC Comics rejiggers their continuity all the time -RRB- . Also , we finally get to see The Scarecrow , one of my favorite villians , on screen for the very first time in live action . And luckily the filmmakers understood that he should actually be scary , and not silly looking , as his schtick is fear.Really , this is what Batman is supposed to be . Not a bunch of gadgets , neon , camp , and silliness . This is more believable . I really hope that they can keep up this momentum for the next film , The Dark Knight .
 I would n't call myself a hardcore follower of Batman , but I 'd still say I was a pretty big fan . Batman was the first superhero I can remember hearing about . I used to draw pictures of him in the early grades of school . I watched the 1960s TV series and film , saw the Burton films , put up with the Schumacher ones had a comic or two , collected the trading cards , and even had the DC comics Super Dictionary -LRB- does anyone else remember that ? -RRB- . When I first heard that there was going to be a Batman film that would try to stay true to the origins of the comic , I scoffed . In the world of comics , particularly DC comics with all its retcons and reimaginings , could there really be anything that could be honestly considered true to Batman 's origins ? Plus , I heard that it was pretty serious , with humourous moments few and far between . Sure , I appreciate Batman 's darker side , but I felt that a Batman without so much as a drop of humour would just be pretentious , and I avoided this film for a while , for fear I 'd be disappointed . Eventually though , curiousity got the better of me , and I faced these fears and watched the film . I 'm glad it did , Batman Begins is pretty good.Christian Bale plays Bruce Wayne , reflecting on his tragic childhood high up in the ice locked mountains of Asia . He 's staying with the League of Shadows , led by the enigmatic Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Wantanabe -RRB- . Under the wing of the equally enigmatic Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , Bruce comes to terms with the death of his parents -LRB- more or less -RRB- and begins to fashion his Batman persona , becoming the thing that he fears in order to scare criminals into submission . Though he once had many thoughts about revenge , Bruce no longer desires to kill lawbreakers and murderers , he only desires to bring them to justice . Putting this ideal into practice , he refuses to kill a man who has broken Ra 's Al Ghul 's law and returns to Gotham City , his home reuniting with his family butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- . Bruce , though wealthy by way of company shares , takes a job at his late family 's business in the research department , headed by Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who has access to many items of sophisticated technology . With his wealth , his access to high tech equipment , and a little bit of help from old Alfred , Bruce becomes Batman , and just in time too . There is something brewing under the streets of Gotham , something to strike fear in the heart of each and every citizen . Does it have anything to do with the Scarecrow , a figure that haunts the minds of the patients of Arkham Asylum ? Does criminal bigwig Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- has something to do with it , perhaps ? It is all up to Batman and a weathered but honest policeman Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- to find out!The film is rather fast paced , especially early on , so you have to pay a bit of attention . Kind of cut into the atmosphere a tad , but it does n't matter too much . With such a fast pace , there 's no time to be bored , and it means the movie 's a lot shorter than it could have been -LRB- even then , it still goes for over 2 hours -RRB- . Batman 's look is a little rougher that we 've seen in the Burton films , but that 's understandable , as Bruce Wayne 's just starting out . He also looks more like an animal in the suit than anyone before , I think , which is interesting . The Batmobile , too , is equally rough . Christian Bale puts on this gruff voice whenever he gets into his suit , which took a while for me to get used to , though it can be quite scary sometimes . Batman 's scariness is emphasized quite a lot , actually , especially when he works with villains . Though not exactly a kids movie , this Batman is still regarded as a hero figure to them , which can be seen through the eyes of a particular child in this film , who meets Batman briefly and is sure he 'll save the day when he and the rest of Gotham find themselves in danger . Michael Keaton 's still my favorite on screen Batman , but Bale is now my favorite Bruce Wayne . He plays unmasked Bruce as two distinct personaes , the decadent gadabout in public , and the brooding but driven soul in private . This Batman leads a triple life , which I thought was a fascinating concept . Michael Caine was an unexpected choice for Alfred I thought , with his cockney accent and all , but he pulls it off -LRB- I still think that Michael Gough is the definitive Alfred though -RRB- . Gary Oldman was a great Jim Gordon.As for the dialogue , it is dramatic , but it does n't go as far as pretentious , which is good.As I watched , I discovered that there was actually a little bit of humour in the film . It was n't as much as there would be in , say , a Tim Burton Batman film , and not as much as I would have preferred , but it is there . Bruce Wayne 's tabloid antics , for example , and the odd one liner delivered in a dry , jaded kind of way , which in a city so heavily burdened with crime is the way you 'd expect the world weary Gotham citizens to crack a joke.I think director Christopher Nolan is onto something with this rethink/reboot , and the sequels could be really something special . I just hope he 's careful , I can see a lot of ways this kind of take on Batman could go wrong . It could easily become really pretentious and totally humourless if he and the team are n't careful . It could get too gritty , the League of Shadows could be behind absolutely every villains plans , which would just be boring . Just have to wait and see how it goes . I do hope we get to see the Joker next!The special features disc is rather unique . It 's menus are set up like a comic strip , depicting a scene of the movie featuring Batman and Scarecrow . You can flick through the pages , and if you press certain remote arrows , you can find yourself highlighting a character or a word , easter egg style . Pressing enter on these comic elements will take you to a special feature , be it a behind the scenes featurette or a data file on a weapon , hero or villain . I wanted to see all the special features , and I was getting frustrated that I had to do all this fancy remote work when I flicked through to the end of the menu/comic and found an index page of most of the special featues , which was a lot easier to follow . Locations , models , sets , actors , writers ... you can find out about everything on this disc . Well , everything I 'd ever need to know anyway.Definitely worth a look for fans of Batman , whatever the era , whatever the medium . Not my favorite , but its fairly high up there .
 I saw this movie last year on a date -- the guy I was dating was a big time DC Comics fan and knew the whole Batman history from years of poring over comic books . I 'll be honest , although I watched a few rerun episodes of Adam West 's Batman growing up and saw the first three Batman movies , my expertise on Bruce Wayne 's beginnings was nonexistent . I did n't know what to expect from this movie , but as it starred Christian Bale , I was more than willing to give it a go.This movie transcends its genre -- an action superhero/comic book movie became so much more . I was completely blown away by `` Batman Begins . '' Christian Bale gave his all to this movie and it shows . He plays the traumatized billionaire to perfection . He broods , he deliberates , he flusters ; in short , he 's kinda Hamlet-like -LRB- though spared the Oedipal complex -RRB- . A lot of people have panned Katie Holmes ' performance , but I do n't understand why . Her role was understated , as this movie was n't about Bruce Wayne 's romantic quests . Katie Holmes convincingly portrays Rachel as a young woman with great integrity and determination , and Rachel is more of a supportive , peripheral character.I also liked that this movie had some grounding in real science -- we were shown the science behind the mirrors , smoke & magic of Gotham City and its heroes and villains . In the other Batman movies , it 's all magic . -LRB- Granted the scientific explanations are cutting edge and futuristic , I still appreciated that this movie tries to connect spiffy equipment with almost plausible technology . Morgan Freeman 's character does a great job of introducing Bruce Wayne to the government 's latest finds . -RRB- The follies of the Shadow of Leagues demonstrate to us viewers that justice and revenge are not interchangeable . Bruce still clings to the ideal that justice needs to be tempered with mercy , and his mentor -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- can not change Bruce 's stance on the matter.I ca n't find one complaint against this movie . I 'm not a huge action hero fan , but I loved this movie nonetheless . Bravo to Christian Bale and the cast and crew of `` Batman Begins . '' This Batman bested the other Batman movies hands down .
 I am so , so embarassed that I did not see this movie in the theater . Even though the X-Men films are solid and Sin City was spot-on perfect , I had given up on Batman movies after three stinkers in a row . But this was movie was superb in every conceivable way . This movie not only honors the comic book , it also succeeds as a movie independent of the comic . Even my wife , who did NOT want to watch this movie , absolutely loved it . Every choice the filmmakers made was right , but none more so than casting Christian Bale . He absolutely nails the character . He is the first actor to play Bruce Wayne as the playboy he 's supposed to be , something that makes the contrast of his deeply pissed off and angry Batman that much darker , just as he should be . Christopher Nolan , or whoever was in charge , made sure every single person involved in the project was on the same page , and the effect is superb . This movie actually stayed with me for days . I did n't learn any life lessons , but it had been a long time since I 'd seen a big Hollywood movie this finely layered and nuanced -- the explanations of his armor , his batmobile , and how , in the future , Batman 's batcave came to be filled with expensive gadgetry , are all offered with a wonderful plausibility . There 's a palpable feeling as one watches it that all the players on the project really wanted to kick some ass , and they succeeded masterfully . I think I may actually buy this movie , something I never do since , come on , how often do people really watch movies from their DVD collection ?
 BATMAN BEGINS lives up to what I heard about it being a `` darker '' version , with much less reliance on flippant one-liners or gags , the result being a more realistic feel for what might have been.From the very start , there is a nice chemistry between Alfred , the butler -LRB- superbly played by Michael Caine -RRB- and Bruce Wayne -LRB- excellent job by Christian Bale -RRB- . The humor is of the gentle kind , almost subtle in its implications , and it sets the stage for the more realistic flow of events to follow . There 's a pulsating background score by Hans Zimmer and John Newton Howard that races along with the film , punctuating it in just the right places , at just the right moments , to give a vigorous punch to the action scenes . And there are plenty of them.But the quieter moments are all extremely well played and given depth by real characterizations -- not just cartoonish figures . There is depth in all of the performances with the possible exception of Katie Holmes , an actress who speaks in a voice barely above a whisper and fails to project the belief that she is an assistant district attorney . Miss Holmes needs lessons in projecting her voice.Looming over the landscape is Liam Neeson , a distinguished actor who excels in his carefully concealed villainy . He is a force to be reckoned with and displays all of his versatility here . Equally effective in lesser roles are Morgan Freeman , Rutger Hauer as the Board Chairman that Bruce Wayne ultimately replaces , and Gary Oldman.The story is forcefully presented with magnificent visuals and eye-popping sets that all have a realistic gleam and are yet stylized enough to give credence to the fact that this is all based on a comic strip character.I ca n't praise Christian Bale enough as the man who dons that mask . He has all the strength and wily intelligence behind his serious good looks and makes the perfect embodiment of the action hero he is portraying . Firm of jaw , direct of gaze , he makes an excellent hero.Praise too for Cillian Murphy , who makes the most of his Scarecrow role behind a mask of creepy blandness , underplaying his role -LRB- as most of the others do -RRB- so as not to become a caricature , as so often happens in these Batman enterprises . If it 's a series of running gags that you expect -- as from previous Batmans -- you wo n't find them here . The thrills come one after another , set pieces that are astounding to watch.Well worth the wait . Christopher Nolan has done an excellent job of handling his subject matter with great skill and flourish.Warning note
 This is a necessary component of the batman trilogy , which is now complete with the release of the dark knight !
 Where it all began . Amazing movie with a great two movies following . The last movie -LRB- Dark Knight Rises -RRB- relates back to this movie a couple times so good idea to see this one first .
 We needed this on Blu-Ray for our collection and we were very happy to receive it so quickly ! Very Happy !
 Arrived earlier that expected . No damage . Great Price . That I need to type 12 more words is why I generally do n't do these reviews
 This is a great movie and keeps the viewers glued to the seats . The Dark Knight Trilogy is a must watch .
 Maybe I 'm not sophisticated or something , but I like Batman Begins so much better than the more critically acclaimed &#34; The Dark Night . &#34; Dark and exciting , but still fun . Fantastic movie .
 What can I say that has n't been said . This first movie of the trilogy is great . Great effort was made to really explore the Batman psyche . They explore what and how does a man become Batman . I do n't think you saw Bruce Wayne in the Batman costume in the first 30 minutes of the movie . This more than made up for the previous Batman movies . As a Dark Knight fan I loved this movie .
 Best Batman Series !!! This is a great start to a fantastic story line ! This gives great detail to the development of the character who becomes the Dark Knight !! A must see film and must see series !
 if you love batman then you will love this movie ! we did for sure . it was awesome and we will keep watching it over and over !
 All of these Batman movies are excellent - well done and great story line . Enjoyed watching with my teens ! Amazon streaming worked great , as well .
 Updating my DVD collection to Blu-ray and Amazon is the place to do it . Quick shipping and competitive pricing is key . This is a must have in one 's collection . The Batman franchise is a series that can be watched over and over so this is worth the upgrade .
 this is the first in a series of movies to come . . he takes on the bad guys ... he has a butler who also is his helper in fighting crime ... . this is very entertaining for all ages ...
 I never saw Batman Begins in the theater or even on DVD before - I recently saw the latest Batman movie in IMAX -LRB- awesome !!!! -RRB- and wanted to see how it all began ... I was not disappointed ! Really excellent movie . .
 Great special effects , great plot , fast moving . Very enjoyable overall . Great movie for the action movie lover . I would recommend it to anyone pre-teen and up .
 It is the closest version to the comics . A very good adaptation.Good and recommended.I 've seen 2 times and see again .
 This was a gift . The person who received it just loved it . Great detail due to the blue ray . A must see for Batman fans .
 Since I watched this movie , I understand batman . I loved this movie , and glad I saw it , and I would watch it over again
 The movie is a great look on Batman . I would suggest this to anyone that wants to see a darker version that the old cartoon series or movies . It shows a great deal of detail on what happened in Bruce Wayne 's life and introduces the first villain rather nicely .
 I do n't think much needs to be said . It 's batman . The first movie to one of the greatest trilogies ever made , and if you 're looking at this product right now , you pretty much have to buy it . And whoever I bought this from did a good job , super quick shipping .
 Awesome movie . I love being able to watch movies on Amazon and the Batman trilogy is great . It is my first time watching the trilogy and look forward to watching them again .
 Your overall opinion of this movie is entirely dependent on your personal relationship with the Batman franchise . Let me explain
 This movie arrived within a couple of days . Very good packaging.I am very pleased with the order I placed . Thanks so much !
 Batman Begins is on par with Tim Burton 's first Batman . This is the origin of BATMAN , The Dark Knight . Batman is the dark character , not like the sappy SUPERMAN , and his Baseball , hotdogs & appple pie American views . BATMAN BEGINS keeps to the Frank Miller version of BATMAN . Bruce Wayne is the mask BATMAN wears!The HD version is truy amaing ! You will not be disappointed!Can ' t wait until the DARK KNIGHT in summer of 2008 !
 BATMAN HAS BEEN A FAVORITE OF OUR FAMILY FOR YEARS ... SINCE IT WAS A SERIES ON TV MANY YEARS AGO . THIS IS BY FAR ONE OF THE BEST OF THE BATMAN DVDS .
 I have been a fan of Batman for years . I really enjoyed the Dark Knight resurrection of the 80s , which has been the focus of the entire Batman franchise . On the whole , I have enjoyed most of the films.This Batman is dark , but without the Tim Burton touch of hyper reality -LRB- or unreality , if you would prefer that term -RRB- . He is also cool and calculating , taking time to study the criminal element , even to the point of getting arrested to learn more . Very driven to change the world in his quest for catharcism for his parent 's death.Early on in the film , Bruce Wayne is given the opportunity to hone his skills fighting evil by the mysterious Henri Ducard . Henri tells him he can find what he is searching for if he will just come and learn to fight evil under the tutelidge of a grand master.As you have seen in the previews , he does this . In the process , he learns a lot about his own fears and learns the limits of his own anger over his past.In a pivotal moment , Bruce returns to Gotham City and through exploration of his own psyche becomes the Batman.What is good about the film : * Very good back story that adds a lot of depth to Bruce Wayne 's character * Nice effects kept realistic . While there are some fantasy eleemnts , the story is kept in the realm of believable . * Realistic presentation of a human superhero . * Fight choreography . This Batman uses distraction rather than simply relying on gimmickry . * Villians have depth . Nothing one dimensional like Mr. Freeze.What is not so good * There are a couple of moments where the veil is lifted due to bad acting , primarily when Christian Bale attempts to be `` too Batman '' -LRB- low , raspy voice -RRB- - the plane scene comes to mind * Katie Holmes - something about her character just annoys me ; almost too pure for the film . I guess every film needs a goody two-shoes , but I found Jim Gordon far more realistic.If you are purchasing , get the two disc set , as the single disk has no special features -LRB- unless you consider the theatrical trailer special -RRB- .
 This is such a maseter piece and ca n't wait til the dark kinght comes out .
 I recently had sex with this movie playing in the background.I may never view it in the same way again .
 This movie was great . My ONLY pet peeve -LRB- you got ta have one . . -RRB- was the child 's acting during the murder scene . It just was n't very good . He did n't even cry or scream . Yes , i realize thats petty but it really did bug me . If your parents were killed in front of you . . chances are you 'd do more than sit there looking sour . Thats all i 'm sayin ' . But do n't get me wrong , am i gon na buy the DVD ?! hell yeah !! Great movie and i look forward to the next one with the Joker ! Wonder if Jack Nicholson 's too old to return ... he was awesome.The bonus DVD is really kind of a hassle . Its cool looking but not very user friendly . Sort of annoying , actually . To get to a particular feature and bypass others ... its a headache . And forget it if you pick the wrong one . . The idea is great but its not worth the effort.I agree to some extent with a review who said when he talks as Batman its a bit much . The gnashing teeth and growl is a bit much but only enough to notice . I would n't say it ruined anything for me . However i hope for more action next time around now that the character has been set up .
 Needless to say , this movie is a fantastic origin story of one of the most widely known icons in American popular culture . The disc itself is a must have for blu-ray owners as it is full of the obligatory behind the scenes features . It is an absolute must have for Batman fans as well as movie-buffs . Here 's hoping that there will not be a rerelease with even more features , but unfortunately you never really know .
 What a great start to a new franchise!The previous Batman films were getting a bit hokey , kinda like the camp of the Adam West sixties TV show -LRB- of which I was an avid fan -RRB- but not nearly as entertaining.Christopher Nolan and Dave Goyer came up with a new origin story with a mix from the comics ' origins . Let 's take Bruce Wayne , we 'll keep the tragic loss of his parents shot by Joe Chill -LRB- thank you Bob Kane -RRB- and mix a little Ras Aghul -LRB- from the 70s comics -RRB- and throw in some martial arts.The League of Shadows , the cult group that pulled Wayne out of the suicidal funk he was in , found and purged his fears but wanted to use him as a pawn to bring down Gotham just as it brought down other civilizations over thousands of years . Not agreeing to their methods , Bruce destroyed their camp , but in the process saved Neeson , who himself carried on the LOS name and mission.The Falcony gang continues unopposed to rule Gotham , with its Mafia standards . Batman puts a crimp in his style . The Scarecrow , aka Dr. Crane , with his own methods of insanity and destruction , also a pawn in the LOS game.Chase scenes , a bit of James Bond utility devices and a real , character-driven story that surpasses earlier attempts at telling the story of the Bat . Katie Holmes is not too bad as the kinda sorta girlfriend of Bruce -- could have been a little more emotional , but that 's hard when the Bat gets in the way . Like MJ and Spiderman , the Bat or the Spider get in the way.Recommended!Other Bat Stuff : Batman -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- -LSB- the Tim Burton/Michael Keaton version , not bad at all -RSB- Batman - Holy Batmania -LSB- Adam West years , Bam ! Pow ! -RSB- Batman - The Complete 1943 Movie Serial Collection -LRB- The original 1940s series -RRB- Batman - The Complete Animated Series -LRB- a Must-Have ! -RRB-
 Tim Burton fostered in a new era of superhero films with his impressively dark , original Batman films BATMAN and BATMAN RETURNS . Then Joel Schumacher trashed all that with his horrific , comical and empty flicks BATMAN FOREVER and BATMAN AND ROBIN.Thankfully , Christopher Nolan 's 2005 rendering BATMAN BEGINS is a fine return to form for the popular dark superhero . Nolan based BB in `` reality '' and focuses on young Bruce Wayne -LRB- excellent work by Christian Bale -RRB- , who witnessed the murder of his parents as a child , who travels the world trying to understand the criminal mind and ends up undertaking ninja training in the Far East under the tutelage of Henri Ducard -LRB- a slyly malevolent Liam Neeson -RRB- and Ras Al Ghul.Upon his return to Gotham after years of exile , Wayne resumes his place as the head of Wayne Manor , which was taken care of in his absence by family major domo Alfred -LRB- fine performance by the esteemed Michael Caine -RRB- and Wayne Industries , run by Mr. Earle -LRB- wonderfully played by veteran screen bad guy Rutger Hauer -RRB- . Wayne also meets Lucius Fox -LRB- reliably played by the great Morgan Freeman -RRB- , the head of the Development section of Wayne Industries , and enlists his help in obtaining high-tech equipment so that he can begin leading his double life as both Wayne and Batman . Last , but not least , Bruce re-acquaints himself with his childhood friend and now assistant DA Rachel Dawes -LRB- played surprisingly well by Katie Holmes -RRB- . So the adventure begins ! Batman prowls the streets of Gotham at night taking out scuzzy lowlifes at first -LRB- he saves Rachel from some goons on the subway -RRB- and making his initial mark . He also thwarts the city 's top criminal Carmine Falcone -LRB- solidly played by Tom Wilkinson -RRB- , who ironically is the man who ordered the kill of the man who killed Bruce 's parents . Batman also meets Police Sgt. Jim Gordon -LRB- superb work by Gary Oldman -RRB- , who initially skeptical , ends up being the conduit between Batman and the police force . Batman runs into a higher class of criminal in Dr. Crane/Scarecrow -LRB- creepily played by Cillian Murphy -RRB- , who shoots a toxic concoction from his mask to literally psych out his victims . At the climax , Batman must save Gotham from his former mentor Ducard , who it turns out was the head ninja Al Ghul all along!BATMAN BEGINS is perhaps the first Batman film to focus primarily on the hero himself and not the villains . A highly involving character study of one man 's despair , disillusionment , acceptance , strength , and resolve , Nolan manages to elevate BB above the genre . I 've not seen all his work , but I 've got to believe this is perhaps one of the best -LRB- if not the best ! -RRB- performance of Christian Bale 's career . Additionally , Nolan does a good job of CGI-ing effects to make a real city an authentic stand-in for Gotham . A superhero film where the protagonist is the star ? Novel idea !
 Live-action wise -LRB- the animated films having always retained a mature nature since 1992 -RRB- , this is the best take on Batman since Burton 's two . Batman 's origin 's are explored and some of his training is delved into . Christian Bale makes for a good Batman , the voice that he uses for the character does n't get on my nerves as most people would think but my main complaint are , like others , is the action sequences . There are too many fast cuts and the action is just barely indistinguishable . Michael Caine is the best Alfred , Michael Gough from the previous four hardly being in them until Batman & Robin , and that was only because he was dying . Caine 's version is much more involved with Bruce and cares about him , a noted scene being when he 's driving a poisoned Batman home . You can tell that he 's deeply worried about him . Katie Holmes . How to describe her . Well she 's more believable as a DA than Denise Richards was a physicist but she does n't really convey any emotions -LRB- much like Lois Chiles and Barbara Bach from the Bond films -RRB- . And her inexplicable interest in wanting to know Batman 's name seems almost forced in my opinion . I know he saved her life , twice , but she 's never really given any inclanation to really find out who he is . Liam Neeson and Cillian Murphy are perfect as Ra 's al Ghul -LRB- Ra'Z al Ghul is not his name -RRB- and the Scarecrow respectively . My main problem with the villains , Scarecrow imparticular , is that they look nothing like their comic book counterparts . I know Nolan wants to keep a `` realistic '' look to the films but I wish he were a little more faithful to how they looked in the comics . The plot is very good , with plenty of twists and turns to keep a new viewer on their toes . Lastly , James Newton Howard and Hans Zimmer 's score is quite good but their heroic theme is quite forgettable when compared to Danny Elfman 's , but definitely a step up from that atrocious Elliot Goldenthal .
 The movie worked without flaw and looked great on my tv , no problems playing it . Thanks for the DVD .
 Would have paid even more for this as I love the new batman series . The HD is very nice and I watch it repeatedly .
 I have always loved watching Batman Begins . I never get tired of it . Viewing the movie in Blu-ray makes the experience even more worthwhile.I highly recommend Batman Begins be viewed by all moviegoers in Blu-ray provided they have access to the technology .
 As expected , the blu-ray version is fantastic ! The add-on stuff , however , are not as good or plentiful as those in the DVD gift set package . It should have included those from the DVD gift set package plus more !!!
 This being my `` First '' Blu-ray purchase , and viewing , very much complimented the movie . `` Christian Bale ~ Is ~ The Dark Knight !! `` The television series entertained , as the early movies pacified my anticipation of bringing my favorite comic book hero to life . And , along came `` Frank Miller '' , giving `` The Dark Knight '' a Reality , and Life , we could only Imagine , and Respect . A role , that seems to have been written for Christian Bale . By far , the Best `` Dark Knight '' Batman.And with a superb supporting cast ; featuring : Michael Caine , who does an excellent portrayal of Alfred , who is more than `` The Butler '' . Morgan Freeman , as Lucius Fox , a character who seems to be derived from the `` Batman Beyond '' animated series . An essential element , to `` The Batman 's '' creditability.Liam Neeson , as Henri Ducard , indisputable Mentor ? Nemesis?In my opinion ... So long as this ; `` Dark Knight ~ Batman '' Franchise , stays on track , not swaying to the whims of the minority of fanfare that urges `` The Batman '' , as its predecessors -LRB- movie series -RRB- , resorting to comic relief . But , remain within the parameters of Frank Miller 's Ideal Characterization . `` The Dark Knight ~ Batman '' will survive .
 This gift set was packed with total awesome-ness . There was the movie , obviously , then a second disc that had tons of documentaries on the production of the film and tidbits about the different characters , gadgets , etc. . There 's some neat mini movie posters and a batman jump drive . The movie money is useless only because i bought this after The Dark Knight -LRB- even MORE spectacular -RRB- was long out of theaters.Batman Begins is one of those movies that captivates your attention . I was NOT a Batman fan at all prior to these movies . I thought it was extremely lame and only by some coaxing on my brother 's part did i even bother to watch it.Let me tell you that the movie blew my socks off from start to finish.It 's a great movie , and Batman 's now my FAVORITE super hero.Chris Nolan did a great job putting this film together , and has the BEST choice of actors . The supporting actors are great . They 've got Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman . What more could you ask for ?? The movie , itself is spectacular , and the gift set is really cool .
 Awesome movie . Loads of action . Finally find out how Wayne becomes Batman . The 4 previous movies never told you how he became Batman all you knew was he was batman and his parents were killed . In Batman Begins you find out how he becomes Batman . Well worth it . I love the way they set up for the sequel . Katie Holmes is hot.My order of the Batman movies go like this :1 -RRB- Batman2 -RRB- Batman Begins3 -RRB- Batman Returns4 -RRB- Batman Forever5 -RRB- Batman and Robin witch was ok but was pretty dumbThe order of the batmans themselves goes like this :1 -RRB- Micheal Keaton2 -RRB- Christian bale3 -RRB- Val KilmarThe worse Batman was George Clooney good actor but not a actor to play Batman sorry George .
 THIS WAS THE BEST BATMAN I EVER SEEN . GREAT MOVIE , REALLY COOL .
 Seriously , If you skipped out on this movie to see the Fruity Fantastic Four , You had better buy the DVD to make up for it . In fact , Get a HD Projector , and the latest in surround sound , because this film deserves nothing less.Though it did n't follow Frank Miller 's Batman
 I have been hoping that this version would be created , since I bought my ps3 ...
 Why did it take so long for a GOOD Batman movie to come along ? It 's not that I do n't appreciate the talents of the past attempts , or the actors who have graced the script/screen . I mean , once you 've seen Henry and June , you pretty much fall in love with Uma Thurman forever . -LRB- I even bought , yes bought , the Producers just to hear her speak another language -RRB- - And who does n't like Jack Nicholson . Arnold was a bit much , as well as Jim Carey , but I have a 30-something soft spot for Danny Elfman and Tim Burton . All this being said - Batman Begins was what I was always personally looking for , and it delivered . For 5 stars , I want to see the Batman that Frank Miller speaks of - a broken man , a drunk , a failure ! Bring on the drama !
 Great movie , great DVD . Has it all 2 discs a little booklet-catalog . A finest entertainment .
 As I read these reviews , I am perplexed by the people who complain that Batman Begins is inconsistent with the original source material , meaning the first Tim Burton film . As if Tim Burton invented Batman and his version is the one to respect.The Burton film was rife with inconsistencies in relation to the true origin of Batman . The Joker did not kill Bruce Wayne 's parents . Commissioner Gordon did play a crucial role in Batman 's development.Batman Begins is the truest version of the Batman legend and is not meant to be considered as a part of the previous films canon . It is the beginning of a whole new telling of the story .
 While `` Batman Begins '' is probably the best Batman movie I have seen to date -LRB- even compared to both of Tim Burtons Masterpieces -RRB- , I find that many reviews on here are about the movie and not the DVD itself . The movie review is important , yes ... but I 'm sure people out there would like to know if it is really worth getting the Deluxe edition of the DVD as opposed to the movie alone.If you are as interested in the Batman lineage as I am , the Deluxe edition DVD is sure to satisfy your pallette for now ... at least untill the inevetible sequel comes out . Included with the Deluxe edition of this dVD is a comic book that has some rather haunting graphics and a decently chilling story line . I have not yet watched all of the special features of this DVD , but I 've sat through some of them . As of yet , there are no deleted scenes that I know of -LRB- which I 'd like to have seen if there were any -RRB- but there are plenty of mini documentaries that discuss various aspects of the film . For anyone who wants to know more about the weapons , new batsuit , or the Tumbler -LRB- the wicked new spin on the Bat Mobile -RRB- will deffinately get a kick out of these features . The subtle gem of the special features is the `` Tankman Begins '' skit performed by Jimmy Fallon as a prequisite to the MTV movie awards . It is pretty hilarious and reminds me of the famous Oscar Skit Billy Crystal put together back in the day.The movie itself is great . It has the origon of Batman drawn out as he matures from playboy millionaire to dual faced superhero . His journey starts with his dread of bats and it is his fear that drives the plot of this film . Fear is actually the main villain ... under the guise of Scare Crow and Rahs Al Ghoul -LRB- spelling ... lol -RRB- and it is powerful as it spreads like wildfire and causes a chain of events that would be devastating without Batman to save the day . This Batman is darker and while there is humor , it is more of the dry variety with crisp one liners and a couple of in-your-face moments . I personnaly feel that this movie captures the essence of Batman while its predessecors were to bright or cheerful ... funny and abstract ... or in the case of Batman and Robin ... over the top fun . I am highly interested to see if Robin will be brought into the picture as well as Batgirl ... but not in the silly way it transpired with afforementioned film . As for Christian Bale ... well ... he is now the face of Batman and he is the perfect fit . Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman , and Katie Holmes all offer decent supporting roles but it is Cillian Murphy -LRB- Scare Crow -RRB- that outshines them all . He is creepy and villaneous ... not at all a nice guy under the disguise of a nice guy . When he goes bad ... he gets ugly fast . But , what made this a great batman outing was that the focus on the bad guys was slight ... they were merely there to show what extent Batman would go to to protect the innocent . They all accentuated his story and furthered his character development.The sound is great with surround sound ... the bat scenes are loud and all over the place which could be a little creepy in a dark room . The picture quality ... outstanding . And if youa re a fan ... the Deluxe Edition is a must have ... if you just liked the movie and are not to interested in all the extra stuff ... save yourself 5-9 dollars and buy the regular edition . The movie alone delivers the goods ... the Deluxe Edition gives that extra bang for your buck .
 Finally , a writer/director has finally given the avenger of the night his due . I 'd like to give it 41/2 stars but it 's not possible . This was a nicely done action/comicbook drama that should have been done in 1989 . TIM BURTON 's first 2 BATMAN films were decent but it did n't do the main character justice , the other movies went downhill , Batman and Robin being the worst ! CHRISTOPHER NOLAN -LRB- director of memento , Blade -RRB- has finally done his homework and came up with a movie that actually is a close persona of the Batman after his re-vamp in the late 80 's . Christian Bale does an excellent job potraying Bruce Wayne , you can feel his pain and obsession with avenging his parents . The WAYNE PERSONA is important because he is the driving force why the Caped crusader is the best at what he does . The movie does a very good potrayal of how he came to be , where he gets his gadgets and stuff . Liamm Neeson is great and the scarecrow was well , scary.The only complaint I have would be the costume design . It still looks bulky and the cape is a mistake . If you really want to see what Batman is suppose to look like , check out the fan film , BATMAN : DEAD END . The mask and the eyes are perfect . The Batman is believable as a terrifying winged creature of the night.Overall the movie itself was great . Set designs were in infallible , the new Batmobile was unstoppable and Morgan Freeman was Lucius Fox . Ras al Ghul is my favorite villain . I just hope Nolan does a good Joker like in the fan film mentioned above.I want the original Bat-suit !! I 'm buying the DVD !
 In the midst of a rising number of superhero/comicbook films , `` Batman Begins '' stands as a mark against which all others should be measured from here on . Until I saw this film this summer , I said as much about both Spider-Man movies . Sam Rami 's take on Peter Parker focuses on his character as much , if not more , than on his powers and daring deeds . Yet both S-1 and S-2 nearly fell into the same trap created by the earlier Superman and Batman films in that we got more about the villians than the main characters . `` Batman Begins '' is a great movie , period . You can enjoy it if you 've never seen another Batman film , or another superhero film for that matter , or even if you 've never read a single issue of the comic . It may start a bit slow , showing Bruce Wayne 's evolution into the Batman , but every second of screen time devoted to it is necessary to the story and allows even those well versed in the character to see and understand this tortured man 's evolution into the avenging Dark Knight . And it is the most faithful redition yet of the character as he has been presented by Bob Kane , Dennis O'Neil and Neil Adams , and Frank Miller.Drawing inspiration from all of the above , the screenplay by Chris Nolan and David Goyer is tight and emotion-packed as well as filled with marvelous action pieces . Their Batman is indeed a `` creature of the night ... black ... terrible ... '' Several moments during the Batman 's first appearance will make you jump as if you 're watching a tense thriller or horror film . And Christian Bale 's performance nails the character from every angle . There a subtlties in his portrayal -- body language , expression -- that in some scenes project far more than any amount of dialoue could . He carries off Bruce 's numerous emotional states , as well as his facade as the `` millionaire playboy '' in a way that no previous actor ever has . The highest compliment I can give him is to say his presentation of the dual character Bruce Wayne/Batman ranks on par with Christopher Reeve 's rendition of Clark Kent/Superman in `` Superman , the Movie . `` As for the supporting cast , I never thought anyone could replace Michael Gough as Alfred from the Burton films , but I should n't have worried . Though Michael Caine looks nothing like the comic 's portrayal of the faithful Wayne butler , he brings off the part with the perfection I 've come to expect in Caine 's performances.The big surprise to me was Gary Oldman . I 've known for years that the man was an absolute chameleon of an actor , but his casting as the young Jim Gordan also raised some doubts . Until I saw the film . His Gordon is perfect . He looks , acts and sounds like Jim Gordan should . No one has ever played this character better , and it 's my sincere hope that the next film -LRB- s -RRB- explore the relationship between him and Batman.As for the villians and the lead actress , here is where my only quibble with the film appears , and it 's certainly not enough to eliminate a star from my rating . Liam Neeson , Cillian Murphy and Katie Holmes are all marvelous in their respective parts ; however , `` Batman Begins '' continues the tradition of the `` two-villian + love-interest '' motif that now plague the superhero film genre . While not nearly as much time is devoted to their storylines or the relationship between childhood friends Bruce and Rachel Dawes , the fact that they are present gave me an , `` Ugh , here we go again '' moment . Without giving anything away , the next film needs to devote its plot to Batman versus a single nemisis just as the original Burton film did . And this time leave the girl out of it . Bruce may have plenty of arm-candy as Gotham 's most eligible bachelor , but as in the comics , they should be only that . He should n't be close to , and certainly should n't wind up in bed with , ANY of them . Fortunately in this film the closest we get to any kind of sex between Rachel and Bruce is a somewhat chliched film-ending kiss , something that made me voice a very relieved `` whew ! `` This is by far the best Batman film ever made . It may even be the best superhero film ever made . I 'll need to see it a few more time before I decide , but now that it 's coming out on DVD , I 'll be able to do just that !
 Michael Keaton , Val Kilmer and George Cloonywere good Batmans but Christian Bale pushed past all ofthem in this the fifth and the best in the Batman series thatstarted in 1989 . In this film we get to explore the originsof Bruce Wayne . The story starts getting exciting afterthe murder of his parents . Then as a young man he travels the world to learn the criminal mind . The PG-13 rating is becuse of the intense acion and violence . There are some scary and dishonoring images and it has some thematic elements and there is a use of the Lords Name in vain , but there are some what 's right whats wrong decisions that Bruce faces and he handles them well . Overall this was a good film and is worth the money . I hope you found my advice helpful . My name is John so if you see it on other reviews thats me .
 I wanted to leave the theater thinking to myself , `` fan-freaking-tastic '' , but `` pretty damn awesome '' will have to do . The critics who say the movie never quite ignites as a barn burner have a point -- there 's the usual car chase , the obligatory climactic fistfight -- but these genre-staple scenes are well-done , and the movie remains engrossing thanks to psychological drama . The violent scenes are indeed cut in a punch-pulling way that blunts their visceral impact . Keep in mind that this was likely done to keep the PG-13 rating , not because the director has no sense of action . Fittingly enough , Batman Begin 's most thrilling moment has the Dark Knight dangling a criminal upside down like a yo-yo , interrogating him fiercly . In this moment the transformation to Batman is fully realized in a powerful , entertaining way . The writing is excellent overall and there are precious few eye-rolling moments -LRB- I counted maybe two . -RRB- The comic relief one-liners serve their purpose-they 're actually funny ! And sure , Katie Holm 's voice has that slightly annoying helium to it , but she plays the part just fine -LRB- and is fun to look at . -RRB- So , the movie is not quite the jaw-dropping genre transcender I was looking for . But it 's smart , psychological and full of memorable moments . At least the bar is n't set impossibly high . If they keep the same director and tighten things up a bit , the series will be one to treasure . They need only remember what made this movie work-it bothers to create characters the audience cares about , and it gives those characters good lines to deliver . `` I 'm not going to kill you . But I do n't have to save you . ''
 `` When a forest grows too wild , a purging fire is inevitable and natural . '' Ra 's Al Ghul , Batman begins.And so it was with the Batman franchise as well . Having reached ground zero with ` Batman & Robin ' -LRB- Which I consider to be the worst big budget film of all time -RRB- , Warner Brothers put Batman back in his cave until the time was right . What a difference a decade makes.Like X-Men & Spider-Man , Batman begins takes the ` Comic ' out of ` comic book movie ' . ` Begins ' is a serious , but not somber , take on the Batman legend . Instead of hiring trippy `` Visionaries '' like Tim Burton or Joel `` Woodstock flash-back '' Schumacher , WB went with a filmmaker who had the ability to tell a story , Chris Nolan . Teamed with an expert in the genre , co-writer David Goyer , Nolan avoids the pitfalls of Ang Lee 's disastrous ` Hulk ' and delivers not only the year 's best film , but the best ` Super hero ' film of all time.The movie is available as either a bare bones DVD , sans any extras , or a `` Deluxe '' two disc version that includes a disc full of twelve minute documentaries on the making of ` Begins ' as well as a mini comic book . The deluxe version runs five to ten dollars more , and is only recommended for hard core fans . The movie , however , is recommended for everyone .
 This Edition is the highly demanded 2-disc DVD of Batman Begins . The only difference it that this one does not include the comic book . So if you could n't pick up the 2-disc edition here 's your second chance to get it , but miss out on the comic book . This is the best Batman movie since Batman Returns I can not wait for the sequel for this movie is going to be great . I suggest this purchase very higly eventhought you do n't get the comic book .
 I saw this movie 3 times in the theater this past summer and loved every second of it ! Christopher Nolan did an awesome job at creating an actual story for the Dark Knight ! It was n't hookie or corny like the previous Batman movies have been , and I only hope that they make another with Christian Bale -LRB- who did an excellant job , as always ! -RRB- It 's a great movie , and if you 're a big fan of Batman you will love this movie !!!!
 Shame on you ! You should be dragged from your computer , flogged and just slapped silly on your heads . Are you fricken kidding me ? Bale IS Batman/Bruce Wayne . I knew this when I saw Equilibrim before he was even cast as Batman/Bruce I said to myself `` wow Bale would make a great Batman '' . It is rare that a casting for something like this is done right . I mean Ben Assflex as Daredevil ? Yeah that 's a gripe . Kilmer and Clowny as Batman , terrible . Bale just nailed it . Ok now that that 's out of the way ... This is by far the best comic book movie to ever grace the screen -LRB- a close one with Superman the movie -RRB- . I was totally blown away by the fact that this was a real movie . I belived every part of it as if it could have really happened . Why ? Well for one clever writing . Two great director and three the acting . This was a top notch cast . Everything about the movie worked for me . I felt terrible for young Bruce after his mother and father die even though I have known the story for years this movie really captured the real raw emotion of it all . The young child who played Bruce deserves a mention here because he did a great job . This is one of those movies that you do n't want to end . Know what I mean ? You just want it to keep going.I can not wait until the next Batman . It will hopefully be the same returning cast & crew . I say being on the Joker and may it be Cripsin Glover ! Now granted Mark Hamill would be a great choice but honestly his age and appearence would hinder the look of the joker . I think Crispin Glover would be a really good choice . Besides he is also an actor that is very much overlooked and deserves to have that break out role . The Joker would be it for him . Besides if it worked it would be great to see a side movie done just on the Joker , actually the comic book `` The Killing Joke '' would make an awesome movie .
 The movie itself is pretty well done , but it 's something completely new in HD . Amazing video quality and sound track .
 I 've always loved the batman movies , although Batman & Robin was definitely the low point in the movie series . You can rest assured that Batman Begins is truly a new beginning for the franchise . On top of this being a great movie , the HD DVD version looks & sounds great w / my 32 '' Olevia 1080i LCD HDTV and my JVC Home Theater in a Box . Highly recommended for Batman fans , but also people looking for a great HD action movie . This was the first HD DVD movie that I got with my HD DVD player , and if all movies are going to look this good in High Definition , I totally support the HD era .
 What can i say , first off this movie is excellent demo material . If you 'd like to impress your friends then this is one of the movies to do it with.With Excellent picture , crystal clear , sharp image . I really ca n't fault it , and the sound is just incredible , the amount of detail in the sound on the TrueHD soundtrack is just amazing , i even heard the soft sounds of bats making their noises in the batcave.If you 're serious about HD then this is definately the movie for you , included as special features are the same as you would have received on the 2 disc edition of standard DVD , however what separates this from the rest is the `` In-Movie Experience '' or IME . This feature presents a PiP -LRB- Picture in Picture -RRB- format that allows you to see behind the scenes as well as cast and crew interviews that run the entire feature length , all without interruption of the movie.It is a must have film and also great for demo material
 Christopher Nolan single-handedly demolishes the 80 's and 90 's Batman movies by re-imagining The Dark Knight from the ground-up . He assembled a first rate cast , with every member at a perfect pitch . Christian Bale is spot on as the troubled billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne . When you view the series , it has always been how the actors play Bruce as the straightman , and not as a caped crime fighter . Michael Keaton was terrific in his fashion , while I was always of the opinion that Val Kilmer was the smoothest of the bunch and George Clooney could have been perfect had he not been saddled with the horrific script dumped off as `` Batman And Robin . `` More to the point is that the supporting cast also carries through on their characters . Of particular note are Liam Neeson as Ducard and Gary Oldham , almost unrecognizable as -LRB- not quite Commissioner -RRB- Jim Gordon . There 's enough light moments in the script to match the darkness , and Morgan Freeman 's inventions make for good action.The reason I picked this set up , however , was the special booklet . With three stories to choose from , it is a load of fun . One is from 1989 , the second is the Bob Kane introduction from 1939 Detective Comics , and the third an introductory chapter from `` The Long Halloween . '' It made the extra bucks -LRB- and the five star rating -RRB- worth adding on .
 If you have seen this movie , you already know that it is fantastic . By seeing this movie in HD-DVD , know and SEE that it 's fantastic ! One of the first HD-DVD titles that I purchased , the color saturation is stellar - some of the blackest black hues on a screen that I 've ever seen , especially viewed in 1080i/p !!!!!! Watch the scene where he is painting the batsuit and you 'll see what I mean . The surround sound is one that must be experienced to believe , as well as all the other features . Batman Begins is a title that should be one of the pillars of your HD-DVD library , regardless of whether or not you like super hero movies or not .
 As a fan of the Batman character , one of the strong points of the Batman persona is how realistic it is , or at least how realistic it could be . I once read a quote stating that , ` Superman is the American dream , Batman is the American reality . ' How true . There is nothing fantasy-related like Spiderman , Superman , etc. in this film . Bruce Wayne and the characters he encounters exist in the world we live in ; thus , Batman exists as though he were real . For those who are n't aware , Batman is not a `` super '' hero in the true sense of `` super heroes '' because he is simply a man , or as director Christopher Nolan aptly put it , `` He makes himself extraordinary through force of will . '' Batman Begins is not only the best Batman film ever made , but as a longtime fan of the comic books , I am convinced it is the greatest Batman story ever told.One of the great elements of this film is its great character arc . Whereas in the previous 4 Batman films , Alfred was more a minor point in the story
 The original release of Batman Begins had absolutely no special features , but this Special Edition has a ton of interesting and entertaining documentaries . It almost doubles the amount of time you can spend enjoying Christopher Nolan 's masterpiece .
 I think the best thing to come from the Renaissance of Superhero films is to be less tongue-in-cheek with the characters and show them just how extreme a real-life personality has to be to want to live the life . We 've seen it in `` Daredevil '' and we 've seen it in the `` Blade '' series . We 've seen people who 'd rather be `` Normal '' forced into the life through mere genetics in the `` X-Men '' films and we 've seen a guy become a hero out of never-ending guilt in `` Spider-Man . '' Now , we see the fully-developed psychological reasons why Bruce Wayne , a man who has all the privileges of being white , rich , and gifted , would choose to live what amounts to a freak 's life.Nolan and Goyer took what Tim Burton did in `` Batman '' and did it one better . Rather than giving us an artistically `` dark '' vision as to who the character is and what makes him tick , they decided to give us a plausibly `` real-world '' look into what a Gotham City would be like , right down to the gritty corruption that consumes it . We also get to see just how long it took for Bruce Wayne to become `` Batman , '' right down to where he almost takes the other road and blow away the man who murdered his parents.Christian Bale - not my first choice to play Wayne , but one ca n't have a really big name wear the suit . It 's been proven - if a `` superstar '' wears the suit , then we do n't see the character . -LRB- Unless , the actor is tailor made for the role , a la Patrick Stewart 's Professor Xavier , or someone transcends expectations , like Michael Keaton did in the first `` Batman '' -RRB- He delivered a dark , fatalistic Batman , as well as a flighty-but-never-fey millionaire playboy `` Bruce Wayne . '' You get the feeling with Bale that the real Bruce Wayne DID die those long years ago along with his parents . I got a sense of doom from him the moment he decided to become Batman , and that is the core of the character - the REAL `` person '' is Batman . `` Bruce Wayne '' has become a mask . As it should be.All told , this was the Batman that had to be , apart from the first Dini animated series . Thank God for the Goyers and Nolans of this world . They both did this character , and the character 's long , storied , history , the justice it deserved .
 I have seen all the earlier Batman movies and I must say this is by far the greatest . The older ones were ok , but lacked that realistic feel . In Batman Begins I felt moved by it , it was realistic , it was dramatic , and it felt real . This movie is a must buy for any action/adventure lover .
 Their have been several Batman movies and series over the years . Some were very good -LRB- Tim burton 's Batman , Paul Dini and Bruce Timm 's Batman
 When Marvel comic books begin , their intro before the opening credits is a montage of images similar to those found in their colourful comic books . Marvel have had this intro since ` Spider-Man ' . Now with a resurgence of interest , if somewhat forced interest inBatman , DC Comics has a similar opening title . The previous , later four Batman films do not.I also feel ` Batman Begins ' is trying to add more to a storythat does not need much if any back story . For instance there is no Rachel character portrayed by Katie Holmes . So here I think they are trying to give Batman a love interest and he did n't originally have one . I see ` Spider-Man ' again in the characters of Peter Parker and Mary Jane Watson . Do n't get me wrong I LOVE stories like this between childhood sweethearts , but here I do n't think it really worked.I only saw this movie for Katie , who I enjoyed since I enjoy herother films . In this she is like a different actress . I was VERYimpressed ! I have seen all Katie 's films except ` Pieces ofApril ' , and ` First Daughter ' . I 'm sure to see these movies oneday . I am currently watching her grow up in ` Dawson 's Creek ' . Like watching Ronny Howard transform before our eyes on ` The Andy Griffith Show ' and ` Happy Days ' , I enjoy watching young actors grow up , and see where they go.I can relate more to Marvel Comics . Their heroes and villains exist in a world not unlike our own . While Gotham City exists only in one 's mind . I ca n't really relate . It 's not real . Sometimes it helps to be real sometimes it does n't . ` Batman Begins ' villain is ` Scarecrow ' . He feeds onthe fear of the public and the fear of Batman . For Marvel fans think of ` Daredevil 's dilemma . He is sometimes called ` The Man Without Fear ' . I enjoy the other Batman films . I particularly like ` BatmanForever ' and ` Batman & Robin ' . They do n't take themselves tooseriously , and are funny . ` Batman Begins ' is a much darker film like Tim Burton 's interpretation , but different . Instead ` Batman Begins ' adds credit to ` Batman ' with a Joker card and Batman 's line `` I 'll look into it '' . There is a totally huge list of famous celebrities for thisinstalment of ` Batman Begins ' . Christian Bale -LRB- AmericanPsycho -RRB- does n't do much for me . Neither does Michael Caine but he suits the part of Alfred . The whole cast is impressive . I also was impressed with Christopher Nolan 's direction . I was glad he was director because I had seen his previous film , ` Insomnia ' , with Al Pacino , Robin Williams and Hilary Swank and loved it.I 'm glad I saw this movie . I love the image of Katie Holmes lyinglimp in Batman 's arms . It really is quite beautiful to me.I 'm sure this film will not disappoint fans of the comic books orprevious films . No one has to go through dark times alone . I know Batman is a hero for many young children so all the more power to you all . Everyone was a child at some point in their life . I think it is important to never loose that child like sensibility . So no matter what you do when you 're young keep it fun ! You 'll grow up before you know it !
 this movie shows the untold story of what happened between bruce wayne being a small kid and when he was batman.the fighting was pretty good.well bruce is not some big time millionairre hes a prisoner like in tibet or somewhere.then he trains as a ninja.he learns from ra za ghul.raz is played by qui gon jinn.then he goes like crocodile dundee and goes to the concrete jungle like countless others to america to fight crime.in america he battles scarecrow . . hes quite a bit more brutal than the tim burton batmen , which is really cool.morgan freeman plays this guy who makes batmans toys.commissioner gordan is still quite a bit younger than normal . . the best thing about it by far is the tank like batmobile!now that fn rocked !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! he had an ol lady , but she was crabby the whole time so who cares?i have every batman movie made and they ARE ALL not as cool as this one -LSB- written before dark knight -RSB- ... i say if you 've watched the other 6 batman movies then watch this one too .
 i liked Begins just as much as the next guy , but it wasnt my total cup of tea . i remember the days of keaton as batman and when compared to bale , you could cleary see whos the more badass
 Between 1989 to 1997 four Batman movies were released with three different actors -LRB- Michael Keaton , Val Kilmer and George Clooney -RRB- portraying the caped crusader . We were also treated to a slew of over the top villains including the Joker -LRB- Jack Nicholson -RRB- , the Penguin -LRB- Danny DeVito -RRB- , Riddler -LRB- Jim Carrey -RRB- and Mr. Freeze -LRB- Arnold Schwarzenegger -RRB- . But , after 1997 's `` Batman and Robin '' , it seemed as if Bruce Wayne hung up his cowl and left Gotham behind . That was until this year 's `` Batman Begins '' was released.As the movie begins , we find Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- in a prison far away from his family 's home . This is where he catches the eye of Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who takes Bruce under his wing and brings him into the fold of Ra 's Al Guhl -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- . During the time of Bruce 's training , we also learn a great deal about his past including the murders of his parents , his fears and his relationship with Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- . However , when Ra 's Al Guhl 's true plot for Gotham is revealed , Bruce Wayne decides to return to save his beloved city.In the meantime , Gotham has fallen into the clutches of some sinister evildoers . Crime boss Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- has the city under his thumb . Add to the mix Dr. Jonathan Crane a.k.a. Scarecrow -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- whose seemingly normal patients -LRB- mostly thugs of Falcone 's -RRB- are quickly diagnosed as insane . However , there is more than meets the eye about the good doctor and it eventually becomes clear that he is only a small part of a bigger sinister plot . Can Batman save the day?While some people may have been hesitant about Christian Bale portraying Bruce Wayne a.k.a. Batman , he seems to be a good choice to fill the shoes of the caped crusader . Not only does he make the character come across as somewhat realistic but also flawed.Co-stars Michael Caine -LRB- Alfred -RRB- , Morgan Freeman -LRB- Lucius Fox -RRB- and Gary Oldman -LRB- Jim Gordon -RRB- are excellent as Batman 's allies . The same holds true for Tom Wilkinson and Cillian Murphy -LRB- who originally auditioned for the title role -RRB- as one of Batman 's nemesis . When these actors appear in a movie , you expect a good performance and each one delivers with `` Batman Begins '' . This is especially true of Michael Caine 's performance that shows more of the bond that Alfred has with Bruce Wayne.The plot of the movie is also plausible . It takes you away from the comic book feel of the previous Batman movies and seems almost realistic . This time around , with much of the movie filmed in Chicago , the city of Gotham even looks lighter with more of a metropolitan feel . A few nice touches to the movie are the explanations of why Bruce Wayne decided to call himself Batman , how he found the Batcave and where his weapons and the Batmobile -LRB- a lot different in this movie than in previous films -RRB- come from . It 's also good to see that Batman is n't secondary to the villains in this movie . `` Batman Begins '' was good but there were some parts that were lacking . It did n't seem that Bruce 's relationship with Rachel added much to the plot of the movie . This probably could have been dropped altogether or maybe some extra time might have been added for a little more chemistry between the two characters . It would have been nice to have known a little more about Henri Ducard , who 's more than he appears to be , and Earle , the character portrayed by Rutger Hauer.Plans are already underway for another Batman movie with most of the cast set to reprise their roles . The end of `` Batman Begins '' should give you a clue who the villain will be in the next film . While this is n't the greatest movie to ever come out of Hollywood , if you 're looking to escape into the theater and be entertained for a couple of hours , then you wo n't be disappointed !
 I loved Batman Begins . It 's definitely the best Batman film released hands down . Remember Batman and Robin , the self-parody that completely marred the series ? Well , this Batman has more than salvaged the enigmatic hero 's image on the big screen . Batman is here to stay and I ca n't wait for the sequel ; - -RRB- Move over Michael Keaton , Christian Bale is flying through :--RRB- Bale 's portrayal of Batman is my favorite so far with Keaton 's close second . Val Kilmer 's was OK and George Clooney 's right out sucked ass chunks . I mean , really!Michael Caine , Liam Neeson and Gary Oldman are , as always , superb . Katie Holmes is good but does account for much of the cheese in the film . All in all , performances are solid and you do feel for the characters , which is very important to me.The movie covers so many story lines from the childhood times to the rebellion times to the rising times of Batman with great fluidity . The plot is very plausible and the special effects are outstanding.Batman Begins tackles the subject of justice and it 's relationship to revenge and vengeance . It 's almost a critical commentary on the state of affairs of our world today.If only we had a Batman !
 When I heard they were making another Batman movie , I could n't believe they were doing it . After Batman and Robin , I thought what is wrong with these people . As a result , I was very , VERY hesitant to go see this movie . I was pleasantly surprised . This is one of the best movies I have seen in a loooooong time.First off , Christian Bale makes an AMAZING Batman . I have always been impressed with Bale and thought he was/is a WONDERFUL actor and the role of Batman suits him perfectly . Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , and Gary Oldman are all great in this film as well . I thoroughly enjoyed Cillian Murphy as Scarecrow and think he would make a great villian to come back in the future.One of the best things about this movie is the focus is on Bruce Wayne and his history . The other Batman movies progressively focused on the villian -LRB- s -RRB- as opposed to the Dark Knight himself . Christopher Nolan and David Goyer did a wonderful job in showing the various , darker sides of Bruce Wayne.I recommend this film to everyone . And I ask you to remember when going to see this that it is called Batman BEGINS . It is how Batman came to be , so it is not necessarily going to be as action-packed as movies of this sort tend to be . With that said , the action that is in the film is exciting and done very well . Batman Begins is done the way these movies should have been done all along ... and it is FANTASTIC !
 Thank heavens the world has finally gone batsh@$ crazy.If you grew up with the Batman comic books , you 're in for a double-whammy of Batman nostalgia . And even if you 've never read a DC comic book , you 're still in for a very pleasant movie experience.We 've had Batman films before -LRB- Michael Keaton starring in the first rubber suit , then Val Kilmer , and finally the hunky George Clooney -RRB- , but here we 've got a more obscure actor -- Christian Bale -- whom many film-watchers probably have only scant knowledge of . But he 's just about as perfect a Batman I 've ever seen . He 's not George Clooney gorgeous , nor does he have the versatility of Val Kilmer -LRB- i.e. Doc Holiday in `` Tombstone '' , and Jim Morrison in `` The Doors '' -RRB- . But what Mr. Bale DOES have is a really great persona that accompanies the dark-style films he chooses -LRB- please see `` Reign of Fire '' if you have n't already -RRB- . The filming of this Batman is dark , moody , and not too far removed from the previous films ; but where it excels above its predecessors is in the story being told . For those in the know , Batman has some less-than-humble beginnings . He 's a strange character who has walked a fine line between slipping into the dark underworld versus becoming an obscurely disturbed superhero . In this film , we get to see a bit of both of these sides.Also notable is the all-star cast that graces the silver screen . Michael Caine is PERFECT as the stodgy yet affable butler Alfred . Gary Oldman stars as officer Gordon , whom we all know will eventually become the Commissioner . Liam Neeson gives a fine performance as both Batman 's mentor and nearly his demise into darkness . Rutger Hauer plays the stuck-up role of the director of Wayne Enterprises after the death of Bruce 's parents . Morgan Freeman plays a Q-type character -LRB- ala James Bond -RRB- who helps Bruce Wayne with his nifty gadgets . Katie Holmes plays the love interest but is nearly forgettable against the backdrop of this powerfully told story and the more seasoned actors.Director Christopher Nolan -LRB- Momento -RRB- pulls off the best Batman movie EVER . And the amazing thing is that it 's not JUST for Batman and comic book fans . Several of my friends and co-workers who 've never touched a DC comic have seen the film and are singing its praises.Go see it on the big screen . It 's one of the few films out right now that requires it . -LRB- Also , make sure you watch for and enjoy the earliest version of the Batmobile . -RRB-
 Finally ! A Batman movie that the real fans have been waiting for ! I always thought the Warner Bros. animated series would always be the best telling of the Batman story , but this movie even gives that a run for it 's money . Christian Bale gives a moving performance as Bruce Wayne/Batman , the best I 've seen on the big screen anyway.My only compliant was the casting of Katie Holmes as Rachel Dawes . Why not get someone with a little more depth . Maybe it 's because I can only think if her as Joey on Dawson 's Creek . I kept expecting her to say something like , `` Wait ! I still love Dawson ! '' . Overall the movie is great . Finally , a realistic Batman who isnt made to look like a dork !
 As a long time fan of Batman I have longed to see a big screen Batman that displayed the depth and power of the character I had come to enjoy while reading
 Let me just start by saying that Batman Begins is not only the best Batman movie ever made , it 's also the best movie of the year . Batman Begins goes for a really dark gothic look with director Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento -RRB- looking deep into the Dark Knight 's life before he became a hero . Christian Bale plays Bruce Wayne/Batman and he is absolutly perfect for the role , Alfred Pennyworth , Bruce 's butler , is played by Michael Caine , Gary Oldman plays Sargent Gordon , Katie Holmes plays Bruce 's love interest Rachel , Liam Neelson plays Henri Ducard , the man who trained Bruce while he was in Asia and the science whiz Lucius Fox is played brilliantly by Morgan Freeman . It 's been nearly seven years since Bruce Wayne left Gotham City disgusted by the corrupt society . He goes to train with a man by the name of Henri Ducard , and meets the sinister Ra 's A Ghaul -LRB- Ken Wantabe , The Last Samurai -RRB- . He must face all of his darkest fears including his parent 's death and his fear of bats . After his training is over he heads back to Gotham to restore justice to the people . But as Bruce returns he sees that Gotham is more corrupt then ever and he must strike fear into his enemies , thus the Batman is born . When a mob boss who Batman has apprehanded goes mentally unstable , the Scarecrow is to blame . With a great story with many twists and turns , Batman Begins is defiantly a movie that should n't be missed by Bat-Fans and people who are just looking for a great film .
 lets hope for the sake of all us big batman fans that this one is superior to the rest . As any self-respecting fan knows , this one is an adaptation of frank millers batman - year one which is pretty much one of the diffinitive comics . fingers crossed that gary oldman as commisoner gorden gets as much play as he did in the comic instead of some two-bit flunky portrayl like the rest of the films . Heres for michael caine being alfred to ! hurrah!who knows ? hellboy was alright ! < snigger >
 awesome movie in my opinion . if you have seen it and have a blue ray player , no reason not to own this
 A dark and forboding film with a serious Noir twist , as Gotham tends to be . For Me , some of the most profound scenes commenced in the beginning sequences of the movie during the temple scenes , wherein it is established that the caped crusader did indeed train with Ninjas , and is in fact , a Ninja himself , which explains much of his exploits from agility to ingenuity , amazing strength to stamina and boundless energy , the skill and the training , the expertise in weaponry , the self-discipline and determination , the psychological projections and invisibility - all of these and more , taught through Ninjutsu . Here , Ninjas represent a balancing force in nature , the `` legion of shadows '' who go forth into human civilization when excesses are reached . Ra 's Al Ghul -LCB- Ken Watanabe -RCB- is present here , the veritable Shidoshi , and Ducard -LCB- Liam Neeson -RCB- , Wayne 's mentor and sensei who rescued him from the clutches of a filthy prison , which was the result of his own fiece self-exploration . For those familiar with the origins of the Batman chronicles , we know how The Dark Knight originates , through unfortunate and tragic events concerning the rotten dregs of the underbelly of society - and this adversity caused the inspired greatness of this tenebrious form , eventually leading him upon a personal journey to find his place within nature and to plunge the darkest recesses of his own shadow side , as Shadowmancy is accessed and utilized , one 's inner monsters employed towards beneficial endeavors.His primary foe herein is The Scarecrow , a mental health professional who has developed a psychotropic narcotic in aerosol form , which bestowes hallucinogenic torment upon those so afflicted , combined with his fear mask , essentially , a blank slate , a veritable canvas for the victims to paint the gruesome forms of their own horrors . Quite ingenious , actually.The ever-carnal Bruce Wayne arrays himself with fleshly pleasures when not in his alter-ego , indulging in superb women , and finery of all sorts . He surprised the residents in his own company when he one day returned from the frozen tundras of Tibet to Gotham City , feeding his demonic appetite when opportunity allowed . He does have somewhat of a love interest in Rachel Dawes -LCB- Katie Holmes -RCB- , a childhood sweetheart , yet their extreme professions frequently take them in sweeping dramatic directions.There is a clue at the film 's conclusion which opens for the idea of a sequal , and even the probable character ... I found the film 's primary focus to be that of a shadowmantic nature - that is , accessing the primal fears buried in the subconscious and surfacing them to either terrify or edify , according to the fortitude of the subject.Batman Begins is a welcomed evolution in the Batman Saga , considering the former two jokes previously produced which obviously catered to the slovenly herd ; and although this chraracter is one of comic book legendry , the personality absolutely displays de-facto qualities of the Satanic mindset , and has remained a prototypal Devil throughout .
 Or rather , the revitalizing of one . Batman has always been my favorite superhero , mostly for his lack of super-extraordinary powers and the darkness of his image . Unlike the all-American apple-pie wholesomeness of Peter Parker and Clark Kent and their respective counterparts , Bruce Wayne and his alter ego were always far more sinister . Menacing . Sombre . Unfortunately , the previous film renderings - even Tim Burton 's much-beloved forays into the franchise - lacked this sense of dark inscrutability , ranging anywhere from the insanely Gothic to the unbearably campy , but always missing the true essence of the character.Not any more . Christopher Nolan brings new life to the Caped Crusader , along with a more in-depth psychology and more believable methodology than anything seen previously . I can not think of anyone I 'd prefer as Batman than Christian Bale
 This film is brooding and dark , but also exciting and smart , Batman Begins is a film that understands the essence of one of the definitive superheroes . `` Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- -- the billionaire prince of Gotham whose parents were killed in an alleyway mugging -- transformed into the crime-fighting superhero . With flashbacks to his privileged childhood , young Master Wayne , as he is called by the butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , develops a terrible fear of bats when he falls through the backyard garden into a hidden cave . As a young adult , Wayne lives among the League of Shadows , a martial arts group in the mountains of Asia . His leaders Ra 's al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- and Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- teach him strength , endurance , and -- unfortunately -- evil , against which he naturally rebels . Returning to Gotham and reinstating himself as a dapper socialite and the rightful heir to his parents ' enterprise , Wayne quickly devises his secret identity , commanding help from the gadgetry expert Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- . With one eye on his childhood playmate Rachel -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- -- now a beautiful woman and dedicated lawyer -- and the other on his mission to save Gotham from criminal corruption , Batman makes his fledgling debut . But when the blue-blooded mastermind Dr. Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- -- who steals every scene with chilling menace -- taints the water system with a hallucinatory substance , Batman realizes he has met his first true opponent . `` Good story , excellent character developement , and awesome action scenes make this the best batman movie to come out in years . Only complaint is that the scarecrow did n't get enough screen time , but he 'll be back . This is a definite must see for fans and non fans of the series alike . This year lady and gentlemen , Batman Begins !
 Or rather , the revitalizing of one . Batman has always been my favorite superhero , primarily for his lack of supernatural powers and the darkness of his image . Unlike the all-American apple-pie wholesomeness of Peter Parker and Clark Kent and their respective counterparts , Bruce Wayne and his alter ego were always far more menacing , even sinister . Unfortunately , all the previous film renderings lacked this sense of dark inscrutability , ranging anywhere from the insanely Gothic to the unbearably campy , but always missing the mark.Not any more . Christopher Nolan brings new life to the Caped Crusader , along with a more in-depth and believable psychology than anything seen previously . Nolan brings with him the psychological sophistication of his work in `` Memento , '' and it shows
 I 'll start off by saying that I love the orignal Batman and Batman Forever but Batman Begins is better . This movie is really the first real attempt to make batman work in the real world . Unlike all the others there are not countless leigons of henchmen following a insane leader for no apparant reason . They make Batman a more ninja like character that uses darkness and stealth as well as working with others fears as weapons . Just a awsome movie
 Loved the batman begins movie it was so aswome we where going to see boring herbie but my twin sister finally gave in to see batman love the movie and cant wait for Batman 2 to see my fav villian the joker
 I have been seeing a lot of positive reviews for Batman Begins from critics , fans , the genral public , and people on amazon . They are all correct with their positive reviews . Batman Begins is not only the best batman film , it is also one of the best movies i have seen all year , and one of the best comic book movies ever . No joke . This movie is awesome . Christian Bale , Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , Gary Oldman , Liam Neeson . All of them were perfect . Kaitie Holmes kinda sucked , but she wasnt in the movie hardly at all . This movie had everything . Drama , suspense , action , comedy . I thought it was going to be decent , but it exceeded my expectations 10 fold . All the reviewers that are giving it a bad review , a la `` the true reviewer '' are giving Fantastic 4 more stars than Batman . That is insane . Fantastic 4 blew . See , fantastic cant even compare to Batman Begins , so that shows you that these negative reviewers dont have a clue as to what their talking about . Batman Begins was so much better , and it is right up there with spiderman 2 , and x-men
 Just when you thought Batman had been relegated to the used video bin , along comes this exceptionally entertaining , brand spankin ' new , fabulous new movie . Everything about it is wonderful - from the engrossing plot and concept to the hyper-cool production design . The cast is terrific , headed up by a sexy , angry , smoldering Christian Bale as Batman , and Michael Caine , who has a delightful winking humor as Alfred . This movie , with its attention to detail , its heart-pounding soundtrack , and its smart , comic-book sensibility , gives you what so few summer movies do these days -- a visceral thrill that makes you literally gasp .
 Coming 8 long years after the debacle that was 1997 's `` Batman And Robin '' , the franchise with the man in the bat costume gets a new shot at life , and what a rebirth it is . The project brings back the integrity , dignity , and all around excitement that the first film , under the director of genius Tim Burton , brought back in 1989 . While some people might consider it one of the two or both , this latest installment is neither a sequel or a prequel . Just as the title says , it 's beginning anew . Something totally new , different , and something that is starting it 's own seperate franchise . Director Christopher Nolan , with a script from David Goyer -LRB- known mostly as the man behind the `` Blade '' movies -RRB- , brings the dark moodniess back to the dark knight , and makes it darker than anyone has seen on film yet . Bruce Wayne -LRB- now played by the excellent Christian Bale -RRB- , is recruited by a man named Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , from a prison where he was kept for theft , and trained to be a warrior in the League Of Shadows . When he has fulfilled his training , Wayne heads back to Gotham City to clean out the trash , go home to trusted butler Alfred , and meet up with childhood sweetheart Rachel -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- . Bruce takes on the disguise of ` Batman ' , which is explained in the film 's early flashbacks to the death of his parents , and just why he chose bats as his symbol . As this new persona , he plans to take on the mob underworld , but gets a surprise when Scarecrow -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- , and a fellow villain , plan to release a poison to bring everyone 's fears to life and ruin the city . As the new Batman/Bruce Wayne , Bale brings the character to life in ways that no one has ever seen before . I have a soft spot for Michael Keaton , but Bale is Batman . But better yet , he is Bruce Wayne . Bringing to full fruition the the dark , angry , and brooding side of the character . I liked Michael Gough , but Michael Caine just takes the role of Alfred as his own and he is the best Alfred anyone has seen . He is funny and warm , and the relationship with him and Bruce is fantastic . The movie also boasts one great actor after another popping up . Morgan Freeman , Rutger Hauer , Gary Oldman , and Tom Wilkinson . Holmes does well with her role , but in the end , it becomes nothing more than a typical heroine . Cillian Murphy as Dr.Crane / Scarecrow is just fine , but there seemed to be less screen time for him to really have a solid impression . It can also be said his Scarecrow part can be pretty frightening for young kids . In fact , there are some scary/frightening things here that may not be well suited for young children . It is rated PG-13 after all . As with most Batman films , it 's pretty dark . In the sense that it 's hard to see sometimes , and you are not sure what you are seeing during some of the fights as well . While the movie is much more serious and darker , it does have a nice dose of humor to lighten things up a bit . The movie does a great job of explaining the origins of the character and just how he got to be who he is today . Not just as Batman , but as Bruce Wayne too . The movie may have the images and cool fights and all that , but this one is much more a character piece than any that has come before . I mean , why would a grown man dress up as a bat and capture bad guys ? . The look of the film is magnificent . Gotham City is not the gothic place it was with Burton 's films , or the comic book metropolis of Schumacher 's films . It does have a distinct look to it tho . Like New York City a little bit in the future . The movie runs a longer than any other Bat film , and drags in some spots , but the end result is incredibly satisfying and entertaining . The way they structured it is perfect . You do n't even see Batman until like 40 minutes or so into the movie . It breaks the comic book/superhero mold just by doing that alone , but also because it is not a typical comic book-y type superhero movie at all . This is not `` Spider-Man '' , although I loved both films . Batman Begins is a brilliant , dazzling , and influential film , and will no doubt raise the bar for future superhero movies . It 's the best movie I have seen in a while . Let 's hope next summer 's `` Superman Returns '' will be just as worthy as this one .
 After years of failed Batman movies and a franchise that almost sunk itself , it 's very refreshing to say that `` Batman Begins '' proves to be a winning entry to the series of films that have preceded it.Dark , stylish , well acted and directed , `` Batman Begins '' should prove pleasing to both the die hard Batman fans , as well as just the regular movie-goer . Quick Plot summary
 Good Movie . This is just my opinion and I 'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review . Really !!! AYFKM . Jusy Saying . This is just my opinion and I 'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review . Really !!! AYFKM . Jusy Saying . This is just my opinion and I 'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review . Really !!! AYFKM . Jusy Saying . This is just my opinion and I 'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review . Really !!! AYFKM . Jusy Saying . This is just my opinion and I 'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review . Really !!! AYFKM . Jusy Saying . This is just my opinion and I 'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review . Really !!! AYFKM . Jusy Saying . This is just my opinion and I 'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review . Really !!! AYFKM . Jusy Saying . This is just my opinion and I 'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review . Really !!! AYFKM . Jusy Saying . This is just my opinion and I 'm writing this because in order to leave a review I must have a certain amount of words in my review . Really !!! AYFKM . Jusy Saying .
 The beginning to the best Batman movies that have been made . Christian Bale plays both Bruce Wayne and Batman like no live action actor has been able to before him.Christopher Nolan 's vision of Batman has been the best comic to movie series to date and set a new standard for what is to be expected of a comic based movie .
 Buena respuesta por parte del vendedor . Lo recomiendo , tiempo de entrega cumplido seg&uacute;n lo indicado . Cumple las especificaciones y descripciones
 I liked this movie because it delved into the origins of Bruce Wayne 's transformation into Batman . It was not cartoonish like the previous series of Batman movies had become . After the first batman with Jack Nicholson , it was all downhill for Tim Burton . I highly recommend this movie .
 The kids love it ! They 've watched it over and over and took it to slumber parties . I enjoyed it too
 It 's about time they got a DC comic right . These movies are how I always pictured Batman , dark and with insane criinals .
 A great conclusion to a great series . If you enjoyed the first two films in the series , this a must-watch .
 It 's Nolan . Nothing he has ever done has n't been good ... except for Insomnia . That movie was awful . If you do n't like this , you 're not alive .
 Much better story and character developement than the last one in the trilogy -LRB- Dark Knight Rises -RRB- and really good to watch again before watching the last one
 A young American in a Far East prison meets a mysterious stranger who offers him the training and focus he needs to become what he desires most
 This movie was fantastic . I 'm glad to finally see the movie writers for Batman get something right . The first and second Michael Keaton Movies were good , however , Batman Forever -LRB- # 3 -RRB- and Batman and Robin # 4 were the worst Batman movies ever . This new Batman release , -LRB- Batman Begins -RRB- is the best Batman movie yet . Up to ten times better than the Keaton movies !!! I highly suggest buying the wide-screen 2 disc special edition like I did . The second disc is chock-full of goodies any DC comic book fan would enjoy .
 After the first batman that came out , Each of its sequels failed to live up to the original . Batman Returns was probably the worse comic based movie I have ever seen . Batman Forever and Batman and Robin were a little better , but still pretty bad.First I must dispell all the talk that this movie is a prequel to the other movies . This is not true . This movie is not connected in any way to the other movies . Take for example Bruce Waynes parents who were killed , when you watch the first Batman you will see that Joker -LRB- pre Joker -RRB- killed them , in this movie the person who kills Bruce 's parents dies . Take this as a new beginning to the whole Batman story , hopefully there will be sequels , but only if they are good . I would hate to see this story ruined like Blade with Blade trinity , and of course the first Batman that was ruined.The story starts off with a young Bruce watching his parents be murdered . The anger and thirst for revenge drives him throughout most of his young life . He eventually meets up with a guy that encourages him to to channel his anger before it consumes him . This guy teaches him many things in addition to the physical and martial arts training , like compassion for enemies could get him into trouble ... Bruce eventually returns to Gotham and this is where he becomes Batman to rid the city of crime and corruption.This movie was beautifully written and directed . As I said before , I was n't expecting much out of the movie which is why I did n't rush to the theatre to see it . I ended up with it on DVD which is when I decided to watch it . Christian Bale makes a wonderful Batman and Bruce Wayne . Morgan Freeman also makes an apperance in this movie as Batman 's source for all of his gadgets and suit . It goes without saying that Freeman was very convincing in his role as well . Overall the storyline was great , the fight scenes were as well and not overdone and not littered with pointless special effects . This was a great movie I was plesantly suprised . This is the kind of movie that I can watch over and over again.The ending of the movie leads you to believe that there will be more battles for Batman to fight . I just hope that any sequels will continue to follow this movie 's lead and not turn into some special effects laden crap . If this ca n't be done then I would perfer that it be left as is .
 Great Movie , but the beginning seemed a little shortened -LRB- im not really sure -RRB- and made the film seem like it was going too fast . But it is still a must-buy .
 This is an excellent movie ! The acting is great , it has writing and action sequences that rival Spider-Man 2 , and , unlike the previous two movies , `` Batman Forever '' and `` Batman & Robin '' , great acting . The best part of any comic book movie is the villains . The villains in this movie , Scarecrow -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- , and Ra 's al Ghul -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , are excellent . Another great part of this movie is the atmosphere . Gotham is more like Chicago than New York , and unlike Joel Shumacher 's versions , it is darker and more noirish . Christian Bale is THE best Batman on screen . Great movie , get it .
 If you are not a fan of comic book heroes , you 'll still find a lot to like here , including awesome acting , music , special effects , fighting , explosions , etc. . Bale shines as Wayne and the `` Bat . '' So do the other actors , however.The one minor issue that I have is the use of the handycam -LRB- I think that is the right word -RRB- during the hand fighting scenes . Directors use this to instill a sense of urgency or to get in really close to the action . I find it annoying because the trick makes it hard to see the actual action . Plus , I get dizzy trying to follow everything . Nolan uses this type of camera a lot during the fight scenes.Other than the use of the handycam , this is a cool movie . The music is especially haunting . I am thinking about investing in the soundtrack to this movie as the music is that good.I think this version is closer to what Batman should be . It is a dark , gritty action movie with gadgets , villains , and heroes.This is an excellent DVD to add to your collection . I am glad that I picked a copy up for our family . I hesitate to say that is an instant classic in the genre , but I think it compares favorably to Spiderman and the X-Men , two stellar franchises.I hope DC has learned its lesson . Nobody wants to see cheese when it comes to superhero movies .
 Definitely a good movie , Batman Begins , brings to the screen exactly what the title indicates
 I was a big fan of Batman when I was growing up -LRB- and Robin too -RRB- , but I never could get into the movies . This is mostly because I did n't take a liking to the actors chosen to play Batman . This movie has excellent casting with some of my favorites actors , including Christian Bale , Gary Oldman , and Liam Neeson . The storyline is pretty interesting . It shows how Bruce Wayne came to be Batman , starting with the death of his parents when he was a child.Although I miss good old Robin , the truth is he was not a necessary character in this movie . When the movie was over , I was ready for the sequel , and I hope there is one . I highly recommend it .
 If you are like me , and want to hear the explanations -LRB- logical explanations , that is -RRB- and the background story of a movie , legend etc. then Batman Begins is a dream come true . Except for the love affair side story -LRB- which leaves an unfinished , rusty taste in your mouth -RRB- this is one hell of a super hero story . I can only compare it to the opening movie `` Batman '' -LRB- I still think that Michael Keaton is the best Batman ever -RRB- . Well done !
 Batman Begins -LRB- Christopher Nolan , 2005 -RRB- Nolan finally shows us that Memento was n't a fluke with Batman Begins . Completely ignoring the film-series mythos , he starts from scratch again , giving us the story of Bruce Wayne -LRB- The Machinist 's Christian Bale , giving his second fantastic performance in two years -RRB- in the years leading up to his becoming Batman , as well as the first months of his superhero status.While Bale 's performance is quite good , there 's no way he could have pulled this off by himself . Nolan and co. surrounded him with an excellent supporting cast , including Liam Neeson , Michael Caine -LRB- who takes over the Alfred role more than capably -RRB- , Gary Oldman , Katie Holmes -LRB- whose career , save the amusing Pieces of April , had taken a decidedly ugly turn before this -RRB- , Rutger Hauer , Morgan Freeman , and more -LRB- it would , in fact , be possible to spend an entire thousand-word review just naming , much less extolling the virtues of , the cast -RRB- . Nolan seems to have -LRB- thankfully -RRB- thrown away everything he learned in his completely unnecessary remake of Insomnia and decided to direct another Memento . Good thing , too ; the dark , claustrophobic atmosphere of Memento is tailor-made for a Batman story . He 's got a bigger budget this time , though ; Nolan 's Gotham is perhaps the best-realized alternate city since Ridley Scott made Bladerunner more than two decades ago now . Nolan , like Scott before him , shows that it 's possible to have a whole city as your landscape and still make a movie that 's almost painfully intimate.About the only real flaw in it is that Bruce Wayne 's character is n't nearly as fatally flawed as either his comic-book incarnation -LRB- at least , the comic-book incarnation we 've had for the past twenty years or so -RRB- or as he was in the earlier films . However , if Nolan continues the series , and the movie 's final scene certainly sets the stage for that , then he 'll certainly have ample opportunity to more fully explore Wayne 's character.The best Batman film to date by a wide margin . It 's good to see Nolan 's found his chops again . ****
 This is my favorite Batman movie . I 'm a casual fan who does n't know much about the details of the background from the comics , and I have not seen some of the older ones , so take that for what it 's worth . But as a great story with great characters that looks great in blu-ray , it is hard to top Batman Begins . Most people I know preferred The Dark Knight when we saw it , but I stick by Begins as better of the two . With the new movie coming out , I encourage picking this up for your own collection or to show a friend who has n't yet seen it .
 Christopher Nolan is brilliant I love his vision and the way his mind works if only he could keep the series going and going past the upcoming the dark Knight rises !
 batman Begins is the best reboot of a comic book franchise turned movie to date.Dark and exciting . Captivating . Intriguing . Awesome .
 Great directing and acting in this Batman movie thank goodness tim burton isnt ruining the charter with garbage like Batman Forever !!! Thanks cast and crew !!
 I 've never seen Batman Begins till last night and I think it is a good movie . My husband and I enjoyed it from the beginning till the end . This is a must have if you are a Batman fan/collector .
 Im a pretty huge batman fan ! But all in all Good service over all and nice lil gift product for the price
 I 'd give this 4.5 if I could . After the horrible Batman & Robin , this movie I entered with curiosity and skepticism . Would I be disappointed again by my favorite hero ? A resounding ` NO ! ' . When I saw this movie , I saw Batman like I never saw him before in live-action . The moment he lifted up the corrupt Flass and told him ` Swear to me ! ' , Batman was back and bigger & badder than ever . Nolan became my hero ever since . He is truly a master at his craft . Batman Begins single-handedly resurrected my favorite hero and I could n't be happier . : -RRB-
 i love this movie . . why i buy this dvd edition ? because transfer bluray version not good enough . I think WB want to release Trilogy of Batman Nolan . With card and USB and other bonus makes this edition sepcial for me
 ProsVIDEO QUALITY 10.10 AUDIO QUALITY 10.10 5.1 surround soundSTORY PLOT 10.10 ConsNoneNolan does it again first with Memento and other movies but now he introduces the story of Batman , we encounter the beginnings of Bruce Wayne to the point in which he takes a responsibility as Gotham 's hero known as the Batman .
 Muy buena adquisici&oacute;n , el producto lleg&oacute; a mi oficina 4 d&iacute;as antes de lo estimado , en excelente estado . Sin duda comprar&iacute;a de nuevo .
 First off , i love the movie itself so that made it all worth it . Second , i am a little disappointed with what was included my hopes were high but still overall absolutely love this product
 A great story . Goes into the beginnings of Batman , and the development of his history . The sound and special effects were among the best I 've ever witnessed . A little long , but I never left my seat!If you have not viewed this movie , I would definitely recommend you see it . I feel that I more than got my moneys worth . My wife is not a Batman fan , but she said actually enjoyed it!JB
 I 'm not sure if most of you saw this movie back in 2005 or even heard about it , I 'm fairly younger -LRB- 22 yrs old -RRB- and I can honestly say that I knew the movie existed but didnt even think to watch it until after I saw `` The Dark Knight '' . After watching this , I was seriously impressed , I absolutely loved the dark knight and this movie was the one that started it all , though like a good sequel the dark knight is better in my opinion but if your a batman , DC comic fan or just like great movies in general I definately reccommend viewing this movie !!! Explosions , non-stop action , good story ... I mean what else could you want in a movie !?? Unlike some recent movies this one has very little CGI and the computer generated stuff it does have isnt over the top to the point where its completely unbelievable . CHECK IT OUT !!! 9.5 / 10
 Rather than reviewing the movie , this is a comment on the blu-ray itself . The disc is a great value , the transfer from film to disc is incredible and the special effects and soundtrack really pop . The blu ray is definitely worth it for this movie ... do n't waste time on the DVD version if you have a blu ray player .
 Initiation : This is a movie with some seriously gritty action . It begins with Bruce Wayne as a child and his first up close encounter with bats . A fear for this creature then grips him . After his parents are brutally killed for almost no reason , the transition cycle reaches a next level.The Missing Link : This movie provides the missing link , the element that transforms a scared young boy into a fearless force for justice . This link is located in Asia where he is mentored by Ninja Cult leader Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- and Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- . He develops his fighting skills , however , he fails to fully develop the ability to kill.Launching the Batman : Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- finds that upon his return to Gotham City , that it has been overrun by criminals . It is at this point he activates his alter-ego
 Reminds me of the first edition Batman Comics which I think I read in 1938 . If not - that 's close . Christian Bales is very good as a sometimes bumbling , sometimes over wrought emotional character out to revenge his parents ' untimely deaths . Learning how to be a caped crusader and implementing the many tools on his belt to do battle against evil was something that should have been revealed in other Batman feature films . Michael Caine plays Alfred very well . I first saw this movie on TCM or AMC . Liked it well enough to add to my DVD collection .
 Read the comics for years , and have been disappointed with almost every single batman until this one -LRB- the Val Kilmer one was decent , but bad cinematography , it looked like it was a part of a big set , no realism -RRB- . This is the way I 've always imagined the Batman , SCARY !!! Bad guys run away from him , he 's your worst nightmare come alive ; even Superman would n't take on the Batman without backup . Loved the scene where the Batman winched up the crooked cop and screamed in his face , that was perfect , that was what sealed the movie for me as the best Batman movie of all time , in fact the best super hero portrayal movie of all time . -LSB- Have you played the PS3 game DC Universe v/s Mortal Kombat ? the Batman and Liu Kang are the most fluid characters there . -RSB- The rest of the cast is equally stellar , but its obvious who the lightweights are - Cillian Murphy and Katie Holmes . Michael Caine did n't fit my visual image of Alfred , but wow , what a performance in a supporting role ; Morgan Stanley equally so.I 've seen the movie in the theatre and I 've bought the DVD to see it again over and over .
 Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Gary Oldmanand Morgan Freeman star in this 2005 action film basedon the comics . After his parents are murdered , BruceWayne becomes a vigilante hero of Gotham City . I likehow this went back to the dark roots and Christian isgood in it . This dvd set has nice picture and soundplus neat extras . I recommend this good Batman film .
 This was the best reboot of any comic character franchise . Though I 'm a big fan of Michael Keaton version of Batman , Christian Bale gave the character a more realistic , down to earth feel . Many of the scenarios in the movie seemed very plausible for the real world and as a comic fan , that combination has made it one of my all time favorite comic to movies ever . Excellent movie and an excellent story as well .
 This was such a great movie . The Dark Knight was so good that so often people forget how good Batman Begins was . The special features disc is so cool . You flip through all the features like the pages of a comic book , and there are so many features . Great product . Would recommend to anyone .
 Previous to buying this movie I had n't seen it all the way through . Such a fresh new beginning for such a great series
 Great start to Batman Series ... Going to watch part two tomorrow ... It 's going to be a wild ride for sure ...
 I really enjoyed all the Batman series and now that Bale is him it is even better . All the action parts are just great .
 I 've seen all 3 , TDK , TDKR and ^ Batman Begins . This is a great start to the movie , showed how Batman came to be instead of just jumping into fighting and bashing heads . Christian Bale and all of the other case members did a great job . * SPOILER * One thing to notice , is right after he saves Rachel from the poison , he tells her what to do with the antidote . He talks to her in his Batsuit , without his Batman Voice . . interesting huh ?
 Wonderfully entertaining . Nothing that will stay with you forever like with Lost or Battlestar Galactica but worth the price of a rental . Katie Holmes is particularly good in this .
 My favorite of the three Christopher Nolan movies . Takes you into the beginnings of Batman and how he becames such a badass . Also , Liam Neeson is fantastiic as well as great performances from Morgan Freeman Gary Oldman and Michael Caine .
 Not being a Dark Knight fan I just like this one . If you 've read my other reviews of the other installments in this series you 'll understand why .
 this is a good movie of how Batman got started and in this day an age of technology and how he learned how to fight and fight an group of people that think the city needs to die .
 a freind suggested that i order this so that I can understand the rest of the batman movies . really enjoyed it .
 Excellent film ! Very well made and well developed plot . Christian Bale is awesome as Bruce Wayne/Batman ! A great start to a trilogy that was a masterpiece .
 Movie is great , video quality is good . But Warner has a tendency to skimp on the audio , and extra 's -LRB- no deleted scene 's , just the Dark Knight preview -RRB- .
 Thankfully the terrible Batman movie streak has come to an end . I wish to ignore every Batman movie since Batman and Batman Returns . As far as I 'm concerned those original 2 and this version are the only ones worth watching . Bale is the best Batman , with all due respect to Keaton .
 This is movie would make the original comic book author proud . The HD DVD in movie features were helpful and interesting . Christian Bale makes Michael Keaton , Val Kilmer , and George Clooney look like hollywood clowns . Batman is the only hero without superpowers and the movie does a good job of showing how an average joe billionaire can become the batman .
 I must be in the minority of thoroughly enjoying this film , keep in mind that this was before I saw the Dark Knight , so my opinion may seem somewhat dated . Lets not forget , the story of Batman has been done in several different ways , but director Christopher Nolan and writer David S. Goyer , in my personal opinion , nailed it.It does drag in parts , but the actors do what they can to move it along . Director Tim Burton tried to make his version too dark , still good , but not great . Joel Schumacher tried to make his too goofy , it worked part of the time . With this version , Chris Nolan and David S. Goyer made it dark , but nearly realistic . The actors could n't have been better choosen , Christian Bale does a handsome Bruce Wayne , Gary Oldman plays a very convincing Jim GordonMorgan Freeman , whom I 've always liked , introduces Luicus Fox very well , Michael Caine does a very compassionate Alfred , the list goes on ... . The backstory on the Wayne family is still very done , and Katie Holmes playing Bruce 's love interest , proves that she can do grown-up roles . I believe this version would 've made Bob Kane proud .
 Batman Begins explains how Bruce Wayne becomes Batman , toys and all ! The acting by Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman was superb ! He is the best Batman since Michael Keaton . A very well written script and a fabulous cast !
 I honestly think that Christian Bale is defintely the best batman ever , this guy was perfect for the role as the dark knight , i love this movie it was great ! You must see this version it cleared up alot of questions about batman 's past , well lets not give it away this is worth a watch and then decide for youself.later folks .
 this is a great movie im 13 yes my birday was yesterday to thums up way up
 Wow this was the best Batman movie yet . Christian Bale has an awesome voice better than Michle Keeton had . Let me tell the Scarecrow scared the heck out of me . If liked the first Batmans you 'll like this one more . If you like bats , adventure , big tanks , and awesome sequences this is the movie for you .
 Christian Bale IS BATMAN I think he was the best to have played the super hero of the past . I think after the orginal Batman the others were poorly written and somewhat of a bore . I mean Val Kilmer and George Clooney there talants are best used in other films such aa Val Kilmer 's performance in THE DOORS which he was incrediable in . Lets face it girls would you just love to see George Clooney in those scrubs playing the ever so sexy and slighty turlmoulus Doug Ross on ER . Bale gives something to the charcter that the other actors have not been able to do creditability and mystery .
 The best movie adaptation of batman ever made.I found the film realistic , believable and human . Actually I did not want it to end .
 The major flaws with `` Batman Begins '' are in the first act . A `` lost soul '' gets mentored in the ways of this-and-that in some faraway and inhospitable locale . Lost soul must learn to `` conquer his fears '' or something like that . Pretty cliche stuff , and we 've all seen it a hundred times.The biggest problem with this act , however , is more technical than artistic . I am convinced that this act was chopped down in length -LRB- the final film runs 140 minutes , which is pretty much the longest running time the studios are comfortable with because they are trying to maximize the number of showings per screen per day -RRB- . The pacing of the scenes in the first act is clumsy . It is either poor editing , poor direction , or both -LRB- but it is probably the editing -RRB- . Just as a movie needs a beginning , middle , and an end , so does each scene in its own way need a beginning , middle , and end , and each scene needs to `` flow '' properly or it looks clunky . There are many problems in this area in Act One . Plus , some of the warrior training stuff is just a little silly-looking . Things improve a bit as we move stateside in Act Two . The pacing and flow improve . I guess when cuts had to be made in the movie 's running time , the first act received the most blows in the editing room.There are two main villains in the film . The Scarecrow is the more interesting of the two , though I feel the part would have been served better by an older actor . But some of the movie 's best original bits center around the effects that The Scarecrow and his weapons have on his victims . Pretty cool stuff , actually.Tom Wilkinson plays a crime syndicate boss , but I think he plays it all wrong . No real menace in his performance.There are a disappointingly high number of genre movie cliches in this film , such as the convenient way that principal characters manage to find each other so easily in a city the size of Gotham during scenes of great citywide chaos . There are other cliches that I wo n't get into now , but if you have seen plenty of movies you will easily recognize them.The Batmobile is pretty cool.The `` evil plot '' of the main heavies strangely mirrors the Joker 's plot in the 1989 `` Batman '' film.THANKFULLY , outdoor city scenes were mostly shot in an actual city -LRB- Chicago -RRB- rather than on a soundstage , like in `` Batman '' , `` Batman Returns '' , etc.Like in `` Batman Forever '' , many of the fight scenes are shot so close up that you ca n't get a feel for the space or a sense of the action . Why do filmmakers ALWAYS do that?Does Christian Bale do a good job ? Of course . He is a very fine actor and does a splendid job here . I never worried about that for one minute since learning he was cast in the role.The music is good without being intrusive . There is no specific theme melody , like Danny Elfman and Eliot Goldenthal did so memorably in 1989 , 1992 , and 1995 . You wo n't leave the theatre humming the Batman theme . But that 's okay . It keeps your attention on the film instead of on the `` whole entertainment package '' . We learn in the film 's final moments who the next film 's villain will be . ************ Final Analysis
 Honestly other reviews have it right when they say that you should buy yourself an hd dvd player and buy this movie . It looks amazing , and the sound is out of this world and the the film is very good , to boot .
 16 years after Tim Burton stunned audiences and critics with his believable and dark motion picture version of Batman , Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento , Insomnia -RRB- has remade the movie with an even more believable premise and darker edge.After Burton and Batman star Michael Keaton left the Batman series in 1992 with Batman Returns , the sequels got worse and ridiculous -LRB- Joel Schumacher literally destroyed the Batman installments with Batman Forever , with Val Kilmer as Batman , and Batman And Robin , with George Clooney turning Batman into a smiling dummy -RRB- . Nolan succeeds in bringing back the seriousness of the original Batman , with Christian Bale -LRB- The Machinist -RRB- donning the bat suit this time around.As the title prescribes , the film explores Bruce Wayne 's gradual emergence into the dark caped superhero , and in the process resurrects the death of his rich and famous parents . The film then shows Bruce getting picked up and raised by the family 's butler Alfred , played by Michael Caine -LRB- Dirty Rotten Scoundrels -RRB- , departing from Gotham to no man 's land where he learns the skills of fighting on the hands of ninja warrior Ducard , played by Liam Neeson -LRB- Gangs Of New York -RRB- , being initiated into but refusing to join a dark cult known as the League of Shadows led by Ra 's Al Ghul , played by Ken Watanabe -LRB- The Last Samurai -RRB- , returning to a corrupt and crime-ridden Gotham city , reestablishing a relationship with his childhood sweetheart Rachel Dawes , played by Katie Holmes , and vowing to bring back order to the city that his father help build , and in return got him killed , while in the process fight a relentless enemy known as The Scarecrow , played brilliantly by Cilian Murphy -LRB- Red Eye -RRB- , with a little help from an honest detective named Jim Gordon , played by Gary Oldman -LRB- State Of Grace , JFK -RRB- . Nolan 's directing never fails , while Bale 's portrayal of Bruce Wayne/Batman is only second best to , if not equal to , Michael Keaton 's . Whether you agree with me or not , Batman Begins is destined to be a new beginning for yet another adventurous and exciting Batman franchise , just as long as Joel Schumacher stays away!RecommendedA
 Having been a fan of Batman since seeing my first Batman cartoon as a child I was thrilled when they decided to make Batman with Michael Keaton ; it was everything I had hoped it would be . Then the series began departing from what had made that first movie so great and became downright silly . Batman Begins brings the series back to its roots . Batman never was intended to be a light , simple character , he 's called the Dark Knight for a reason . Christian Bale does a wonderful job of taking the audience through Wayne 's transformation from an angry child into the avenger of Gotham.This movie revisits the loss of Bruce 's parents in a much more intimate and profound way . You know what they meant to him personally and the lessons his father was teaching him about life , both by example and by instruction . Fate and the intervention of a friend redirect his life away from simple hate/revenge into a need to understand the murder of his parents , resulting in his walking away from his privileged lifestyle to enter the world of criminals . While learning more about his own nature and the nature of criminals he still struggles with his anger and uses his new lifestyle as a means of acting out that aggression , but without any real purpose . He comes no closer to understanding the criminal mind and is unable to find any solace from his pain . He finally ends up in prison , reveling in the constant conflict.The introduction of Ducard into this dismal world provides Bruce with a source of focus and a redirection for that anger . Through his training with Ducard he learns to control his own emotions and become more than a scared child wanting to avenge his parents . He becomes a man , a man with a purpose and the ability to fulfill that purpose . He is still fallible , he still struggles with his loss and his new role , but he is learning from each new struggle and failure . He learns to rely on those who have proven their loyalty and trust in himself . Even the realization that he not only trusted , but actually saved the life of the man intent on destroying Gotham does not shake his new strength and resolve.Christian Bale 's portrayal brings Batman 's dark , conflicted nature back to the screen , but this time the audience has a greater understanding of those conflicts . He shows us what drives Batman to devote his life to protecting the citizens of Gotham from evil while sacrificing the ability to have a real life of his own .
 Batman Begins easily makes itself more important and more of an event than any other Batman film in history.Here is where we finally see everything that turned the orphan boy into the Caped Crusader and Dark Knight , with excellent supporting acts by Liam Neeson as Henri Ducard , Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox , Gary Oldman as Jim Gordon , and even the superb Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth . The only downside is Katie Holmes as Rachel who spends most of the film preaching and acting self righteous . Definitely nowhere near the glamour of Kim Basinger or Nicole Kidman.The film is fresh and original and ends with the possibility of a sequel so perhaps this is only a new beginning than a final coda for this legendary crimefighter.I have not delved into the actual plot as there are more than enough reviews that do that . But believe me when I say , BATMAN BEGINS is the start of a new and exciting chapter in the life of Bob Kane 's creation.So please dont miss out and order Batman Begins from amazon.com at once !!
 For once , the producers got it . They did n't want to screw up the franchise anymore and seem to have understood the way Batman was meant to be seen
 This is the most satisfying of the Batman movies . No goofy villains or campy lines here . This Batman has a great script , plenty of action and terrific acting.Liam Neeson , Michael Caine , Gary Oldman , Morgan Freemen , Rutger Hauer and of course Christian Bale . These guys are professionals . Even though many of the parts seemed minor , each actor makes their presence felt . They make this the most realistic of the Batman movies.High marks for the director , Tim Nolan who got these wonderful performances from these excellent actors . He really had a handle on his movie and it shows . He allowed his actors to become multi-dimensional people , not simply side-kicks to Batman . In a good `` period '' piece , the director develops his characters slowly ; in some cases leaving the viewer to ponder if they are good or bad or somewhere in-between . Nolan manages to create this struggle in his characters and at the same time keep the action level high.The plot is far more intricate than other Batman movies too ; taking it from a comic book action movie to an action mystery . Gotham is dark and forboding and the Batman is tough and sober about his mission.Side note
 People who have seen the previous Batman movies and still have the gumption to say they do n't like this one apparently have a fetish for anatomically-correct Batsuits , gaudy Mardi-Gras Batmobiles , and villains so excruciatingly over-the-top and utterly fixated on ` Peabody & Sherman ' - caliber puns that they make Cesar Romero look like a Nobel Prize winner for painting over his mustache to play the Joker back in 1966 . And if this be the case , then they 're completely missing the point of what Batman is all about , what director Christopher Nolan and screenwriter David Goyer accomplish with `` Batman Begins '' . By keeping their source material close to heart , they give us Batman in his very best , most functional form
 WOW ! Batman has finally arrived on the big screen.This movie really deserves a sixth star for sending all previous versions to an early retirement and hopefully their final resting place.Try to forget all the goofy , spoofy and fluffy batman movies of the past - this one finally tells the story the way it was intended , dark with realism so long over-due that it will have you believing in heroes again . A must see movie that will entertain adults as well as children . I was absolutely convinced that Christian Bale is Batman - SUPERB ! Buy it !!!
 THIS BLURAY BATMAN BIGINS IS THE ONE TO GET GUYS THE HD IS SOOOOO GREAT . WHEN I GOT IT HOME I POP `` D IT IN . AT FIRST IT WOULD NOT PLAY IN MY BLURAY PLAYER BDP S-300 SONY THOSE OF YOU WHO HAS BEEN HAVEING TROUBLE THAT IT WON `` T PLAY . YOU `` LL HAVE TO UPDATE YOUR BLURAY PLAYER TO 3.96 . CALL SONY THEY WILL SEND YOU THE DISC UPDATE FIRM WERE FOR FREE . ARE YOU CAN HIT UP THE WEB SITE FIND UPDATE BLURAY PLAYER CLICK ON THE LINK OF THE TYPE OF BLURAY PLAYER YOU HAVE AND BURN TO A DISC . I DID THAT AND POP `` D THE BURNED DISC IN MY BLURAY PLAYER AND IT TOOK 15mins TO DOWN LOAD IN MY BLURAY PLAYER . BATMAN BIGINS READ THE DISC AND IT WORKD GOOD
 THIS IS THE ONLY BATMAN FILM I HAVE EVER REALLY CARED FOR , BUT BOY DID I LIKE THIS ONE !!! THIS FILM WAS EXCELLENT IN MY EYES , AND BETTER STILL , THE HD DVD WAS OUTSTANDING . THE VIDEO AND AUDIO ARE STELLAR.I CAN NOT OVERSTATE THAT THIS IS A MUST OWN FOR ANYONE WITH A HD DVD PLAYER . AND HEY , IF YOU ARE BLU ONLY , PICK THIS UP AS SOON AS IT IS RELEASED .
 This is the best superhero movie ever made , and I have seen them all.Batman makes Spiderman look like a total loser.This and Batman -LRB- 1989 -RRB- are the only movies of batman worth seeing . The Joel Schumacher renditions are utter CRAP!As Christian Bale said when getting an award for his role in Batman Begins `` It is great that Chris -LSB- Nolan -RSB- has finally brounght back some DIGNITY to the greatest superhero of all time ... '' That is a semi-quotation of what he said , you get the idea.This movies is totally amazing , I ca n't wait to see `` The dark Knight '' , whcih began filming this month -LRB- March -RRB- , and will be out next year.I have no doubt it will be amazing , just as this film is.BUY IT !
 The idea here -- and it is an admirable one -- is to account for in a realistic way how the fictional character Bruce Wayne became Batman the superhero . Why did he become a crime fighter ? How did he become so skilled , so tough and so motivated ? How was he able to come up with such effective gadgetry including the super hi-tech Batmobile ? And why did he chose the bat as his motif?From what I can tell it was screenwriter David S. Goyer who asked himself these questions and saw that answering them could be made into a kind of blockbuster prequel to the Batman movie phenomenon . But it was director Christopher Nolan who made it work.Nolan also directed the sensational Memento -LRB- 2000 -RRB- a story about a man who is only able to remember what has happened during the last minute or two and has no memory of anything before that up to the time he suffered a head injury . He has to write down where he parks his car so he can find it later , and he keeps pictures with notes on people he sees regularly because he can never remember them or any interaction he has with them . Memento is a stunningly brilliant film that skyrocketed Nolan to fame.Goyer wrote a number of screenplays before Batman Begins , none of them of much importance . I happened to have seen the film Arcade -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , for which he wrote the script , a harmless , undistinguished scifi for teens but nothing else of his . Nonetheless , Goyer is a natural for something like Batman Begins because he is a writer of comics who attended the USC film school and -LRB- or was -RRB- a collector of comics . He cares about comics and comic book heroes and he knows enough about film to write a script that might work . He and Nolan share credit for the script.The story begins in Tibet where a young Bruce Wayne learns how to fight like a ninja and gains insights into himself and who he is . There are flashbacks to his childhood in which he falls into a dry well and is terrified by the bats that fly out over his head as he lies trapped . He sees his parents murdered in a holdup . This motivates him to become a crime fighter.The later part of the movie shows Bruce Wayne discovering a cave under the Wayne Mansion , interacting with the loyal family butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- and getting help with his crime-fighting inventions from tech and forensics expert Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- . Katie Holmes plays Bruce 's childhood friend who has become a prosecuting attorney fighting bravely against the crime and corruption that have become rampant in Gotham City.There are an number of nice touches and the visuals are really arresting . The Batmobile itself is fascinating to watch in action , especial during one of the most spectacular chase scenes ever envisioned , as Batman directs the vehicle up a ramp to the top of a building and then leads the cops on a chase as the Batmobile leaps from one building to another!Some of the early action is a bit beyond belief -LRB- although the intent is realism -RRB- , most notably when Bruce Wayne manages to fight his way singlehandedly out of the ninja mountain training camp and has the strength in one arm to stop the fall of ninja leader Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- and hold himself and Ducard at the precipice of a cliff and then pull Ducard up . Near the end of the film as Batman shoots up from the ground on wires and glides and springs from rooftop to rooftop with the greatest of ease , the action becomes clearly comic book like.Regardless , this is without question the best superhero movie I 've ever seen . It is not only a commercial triumph for Nolan and everybody connected with the picture but , given the genre , an artistic and creative one as well.See this for Christopher Nolan who is quickly becoming one of Hollywood 's most successful directors .
 I bought this for my boyfriend as a birthday gift . He loves Batman !! But Kate Holmes is horrible in it . They should have gotten someone better because she killed it !
 This is a five-star DVD , without question . The comic booklet and the DVD extras are amazing , and the movie ... brilliant . -LRB- Even though Katie Holmes 's portrayal of Rachel Dawes was a big hiccup on the casting director 's part -RRB- . For me , this is the only must-own DVD of the year . -LRB- Perhaps Revenge of the Sith too -RRB- .
 Having no idea what to expect from `` Batman Begins '' , it was with some skepticism that I saw this film . If any other prequels were anything to go on , the expectation was not too high . `` Batman Begins '' removed all doubts and proved to be an excellent movie.The plot basically delves in detail into the formative life of Bruce Wayne and his development of the alter-ego that would be Batman . The movie covers this is a fair amount of detail , giving you insight as to how he met important people such as Gordon , and where he got his fighting abilities , his gadgets and even symbolic animal . As an underlying thread , Wayne 's principles are also developed throughout the movie.Unlike one or two other superhero movies , `` Batman Begins '' keeps a fair amount of the action and pace present while it deals with the troubling issues that a budding crime-fighter of this kind faces . There is a fair balance between self-reflection and visual action that has been absent in other movies of this kind.Another aspect of the movie that is lacking in the earlier Batman movies is the brooding seriousness of it . Rather than an almost over-the-top , comic book feel , the movie presents a darkly serious characterisation . Even the villains share in this forboding seriousness , and lack some of the light exuberance of Jack Nicholson 's Joker , or Tommy Lee Jones ' Two Face . While neither good or bad , this does mark `` Batman Begins '' as different in an important way . For me , this was an excellent difference.All in all , I enjoyed this movie much more than the earlier movies from the Batman franchise . It looks very different from the other movies , for obvious reasons , and I feel that it adds a deeper element to the Batman saga on film . This is a great film , and really has a lot going for it .
 This movie was different , as in it 's more dug into the past of Bruce Wayne . Which I loved , since Batman was becoming very one dimensional in the other movies . Emotion is the key to this film . We learn how Bruce becomes Batman , and HOW he earned his MIRACULOUS combat training ! Christian Bale is extremely beautiful , and very sincere as Bruce Wayne . It doe n't hurt that his chiseled body looks good if , it was drenched in wipped cream and cherries.This is the best Batman movie I have ever saw !
 I have already seen this movie about four times on DVD in the past week because it is amazingly good . Not since Christopher Reeve , Gene Hackman and Marlon Brando in SUPERMAN have I seen a superhero movie that captures the mythic subtext inherent in every great hero in a way that would make Joseph Campbell laugh like a child at play . As such , for me , this even beats Spider Man by a country mile.Christian Bale has seemed to me well poised for becoming our Brando ever since he gave me the creeps in SHAFT -- not to mention AMERICAN PSYCHO . He does not disappoint by any stretch of the imagination here , giving Batman the dark yet human quality he so desperately needs ; something missing since the Tim Burton/Michael Keaton/Jack Nicholson venture -LRB- that should have earned Jack another one of his Oscars as far as I 'm concerned -RRB- . The movie is chock full of the best character actors in the business
 I went and saw this movie with high expectations because of all the hype and I have to say that I was NOT dissapointed . It held it 's own as the best batman movie to date . Christian Bale was the PERFECT batman , well , moreso the PERFECT Bruce Wayne and that is precisly the point of the movie . This movie is more about Brce Wayne than batman and that is half the reason why my kid brother was n't as impressed . The action is reserved for the end , the guts of the movie is more Bruce growing up , realizing his destiny and coming to grips with the murder of his parents . Besides Bale Cillian Murphy and Liam Neison do AMAZING jobs with what little screen time they are allotted and Katie Holmes , while not spectacular is still sweet and charming . The storyline is great , the plot is worthy of the title and this movie hopfully will catapult with an amazing series of SERIOUS and DARK movies that do the batman justice , the way he was always meant to be portrayed .
 Now to be clear on my title . There was nothing wrong with this HD-DVD . The sound was fantastic , the picture was awesome . But as I am speaking Warner Bros. has decided as of May 31st . 2008 to stop all HD-DVD production so if you have to decide watch HD Format to back the industry has already done it for you . With that being said , Christopher Nolan , did a fantastic job with this film . For my money , this is the best Batman film I have ever seen . This film goes more deeply into Bruce 's past . His relationship with his father and his life before all the tragedy . It also goes more deeply into Gotham City itself and how the criminals and the corrupt more or less run the city . And there is an underlying theme of what is the right way about and wrong way with fighting crime . Props to all these actors , Christian Bale , Morgan Freeman , Michael Cane , Liam Neeson , Cillian Murphy , and Gary Oldman . These guys did such a fantastic with their respective DC characters . A movie I was n't disappointed in .
 I have seen every Batman movie , from the Adam West `` BAM '' romps of the 60s to George Clooney 's impersonation of the American Detective , and feel that Christian Bale 's Batman is the best . Bale is quite an underrated actor . From the Empire of the Sun , American Psycho , Reign of Fire , Equilibrium , to Batman Begins and The Dark Knight , Bale has done a superb job in each film . I am actually thrilled to see him being cast for the role of John Connor in Terminator 4 . Bale 's Batman reminds me of Kevin Conroy 's voice acting for the Animated Series . Batman is supposed to be a figure of the night , striking fear into the hearts of evil doers . That includes voice acting that would give the darkest of souls goosebumps in an alley at night . I never understood how the other Batman costumes could realistically do that , especially with nipples molded into the chest plate.One of the more memorable scenes in Batman Begins include the Tumbler chase scene . The Tumbler is a welcome change from the more traditional representations of the `` Batmobile '' and looks more like a candidate for the next military tactical vehicle than a superhero 's car.I look forward to viewing The Dark Knight as many of the trailers show a similar amount of professional acting and a solid plot . If you have not seen Batman Begins , I highly recommend borrowing , renting , or buying a copy especially if you are interested in the Batman story line .
 This is not just another superhero movie . This is a film that shows the development of real masculinity - showing the difference between the boy and the man . The ability to rise up from being beaten down , to become someone stronger once you have been unmade - an incredible film .
 I rediscovered my love of Batman because of this movie . He 's such a great character , and this movie just portrayed him so well . Christian Bale is by far the best Batman I could have ever asked for . Just amazing , is the only way to describe this movie .
 So that we can learn to pick ourselves back up.As many know , the Batman franchise tumbled after Schulmacher took over . That 's not to say Tim Burton was absolutely fantastic either , but at least the first Batman film made in the late 80 's , despite not being true to the comic , was still a fairly good film . Unfortunately , all the Batman 's to follow did n't have the same flair . Once Batman and Robin came , however , that was the end of Batman as we knew it . Or so we thought.Christopher Nolan , the man behind such films as Memento , decided to revive Batman . Just about everything done in the movie is right , with only a few minor issues that some probably wo n't be too upset about.The movie , like many of Nolan 's films , beings by jumping around a bit . We alternate between Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- as a child and as an adult a little bit in the beginning . Most of you know the story of Bruce Wayne . His parents were murdered , and its a moment Nolan and crew capture extremely well . As well as why Bruce Wayne becomes Batman in the first place . The plot itself centers around Gotham City . A city Bruce Wayne believes is n't beyond saving . Years after Bruce Wayne was declared dead , he resurfaces after having gone undergo some training . With the help of Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- he soon gets all the gadgets and gizmos he needs to become the dark knight.At first the movie centers on Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- and the corrupt system of Gotham . Falcone has been able to get his thugs into the asylum because of the helpful Dr. Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphey -RRB- who makes everyone believe they are merely insane . This upsets Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- who will stop it nothing to put him behind bars . Wayne decides to clean up Gotham and to do that he becomes Batman . But he 'll soon discover that there 's much more going on in Gotham City than Falcone , and that Falcone himself is nothing more than a puppet.The movie is dark and intriguing . Put simply , this is one of the finest super hero movies ever produced . Bruce Wayne , in particular , is built up extremely well . The way everything comes together in the end is nearly flawless . With some other fine and believable performances by the likes of Liam Neeson and Gary Oldman , Batman Begins is fantastic . In part because the story manages to be extremely well fleshed out without overdoing too much.The only real problem the movie suffers from is that it takes nearly an hour before Christian Bale dawns the bat suit . It 's forgivable considering the absorbing story , and it surely wo n't upset too many folks in the long run.This is Batman done right . A fine movie with a fine director and an unbeatable cast .
 This review is about the HD DVD . First off , the movie is excellent with adventure , great villains , intrigue , etc. . Acting and direction and special effects are all stellar . Nolan delivered one great movie.I am a huge fan of the Spider Man movies . However , I think this one easily bests them in terms of all of the above . Especially because it does n't have the annoying Mary Jane ! : -RRB- The HD transfer is stellar . Use this disk to show off the beauty of HD DVD . Audio is great as well.So : Movie
 Read the synopsis for the story line . As for the HD DVD , `` Batman Begins '' delivers outstanding video and audio quality , as well as plenty of behind-the-scenes extras.Christian Bale makes an ideal Batman , as Michael Caine makes an excellent Alfred ... come to think of it , there is n't a miscast role in this entire film ! The great performances combined with the creative and original story elements all add highly to the watchability of this cinematic masterpiece.For fans not only of Batman , but also of great movies in general , I highly recommend this film !
 I 'm not going into the whole story here , just what makes the HD-DVD version special . Needless to say , the movie is great.First , the picture quality . There is NEVER any blockiness that you sometimes see in fast-motion HDTV broadcasts . The colors are perfect . The blacks are pure black . When not in the dark , the colors are rich and full.The movie features lossless Dolby TrueHD . Even if you have the XBox 360 HD-DVD drive , you 'll notice an improvement in sound . The sound is clearer and has more definition . It is hard to describe , but the sound is just better.This is one movie that is a must to your HD-DVD collection . It is great demonstration of the quality of HD-DVD .
 Batman Begins reivents and restarts the Batman movie franchise with an excellent story concerning Batman 's origins and how he came to be.Bruce Wayne 's journey to becoming Batman starts in Tibet where he meets a man named Henry Duccard . Henry offers him a purpose and Bruce trains with the League of Shadows only to discover their pursuit of `` True Justice '' clashes with his beliefs . Saving his mentor 's life , Bruce returns to Gotham . There , he gathers the tools needed to take his war on crime to the streets.As Batman , Bruce stands up to Gotham 's notorious mob boss , Carmine Falcone , leading him to discover a plot to destroy the city ... Excellent acting , Christain Bale IS Bruce Wayne and Batman . Completely believeable and very real . Batman is placed in a world where he can exist , without making the audiece feel like they 're watching a fantasy movie.Katie Holmes is good as Bruce 's childhood frined Rachel Dawes . I 've never udnerstod why fans disliked her . She was n't in the oomics , and for creating a character from scratch , David S. Goyer did an excellent job.Michael Cane , Alfred Pennyworth , a wonderful performance , with the charm and witty humor that is perfectly associated with Alfred Pennyworth , love watching him.Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox is just plain and simply put , spankin ' awesome . His role as Lucius is perfect , they could n't have cat anyone better than him for the role.All in all , a wonderful Batman movie , the story 's top notch . The cinematography is fantastic , the action sequences will blow you away . All fans of Batman who were bitterly disappointed with Batman and Robin , you have been vindicated with a movie worth of the title `` Batman Begins '' . About the Extras : The second disc contains documentaries regarding the origins of Batman , the making of the movie , the comic books and how they made the Tumbler for the movie . If you 're a sucker for special features , wich I am , you 'll love this disc.Get these DVDs while they 're still in stock , this will be gone before you know it !
 I 've never been a great fan of the Batman movies . . although I did enjoy Jack Nicholsons ' Joker ... so , naturally on renting this movie the expectations were not very high . To my surprise this was such a good movie we ended up buying it . This is by far and away the best Batman movie yet . It is jam-packed with so many great performances that it 's a treat to watch over and over again . There is Christian Bale 's pensive Bruce Wayne . . soul searching through mysticism to become Batman . Michael Caine as the intelligent save-the-day butler Alfred . Liam Neeson , who always lights up the screen whenever he 's there , as Ducard . Gary Oldman as the skeptical Officer Gordon . Cillian Murphy as the creepy Dr. Crane . Katie Holmes as the inquistive Assistant D.A. Rachel Dawes . Rutger Hauer as the `` did n't you get the memo '' Earle and the always good Morgan Freeman as the scientist technical advisor Lucius Fox . With all this star power , the actors could have easily overpowered the movie . Fortunately each role was kept in check leaving the Batman character room to develop properly.What is really impressive is that there are no bad performances in all the movie . They finally got all their ducks in order and made a Batman movie worth watching .
 Eight years after the disaster that was `` Batman and Robin , '' the Caped Crusader returned to the silver screen in Christopher Nolan 's epic `` Batman Begins . '' And the wait was definitely worth it . Nolan 's film is , simply put , the best in the series . Christian Bale captures the true essence of the character , playing him neither too weak -LRB- like Tobey Maguire in the `` Spider-Man '' films -RRB- or too strong , but somewhere in between , and perfectly . The great supporting cast , fantastic action sequences and dark tone converge to create the best superhero film since the original `` Superman . '' The 2-Disc Deluxe Edition comes with amazing extras and a fascinating 72-page comic book with three stories that inspired the movie . Fans of the comic books or previous films will not be disappointed in `` Batman Begins . `` Movie/DVD Grade
 This is the best movie so far of 05 . With dissapointments to both star wars and war of the worlds I decided to go and see this . I was impressed in this movie . You get more of the story of bruce wayne training and learning to be a better fighter to then become the dark night . And do n't listen to these other people because this movie is not boring . This has a story and it has great action . If you want to see a gret movie than go see this movie . Or if you want to see crap then listen to the nay sayers and watch fantastic four . But you wo n't regret watching this movie .
 After the recent series of big screen Batman films one wonders how a film titled `` Batman Begins '' could add anything to the story , but this one does . Former films describe the tragedy of his parent 's death then jump to his adult crime-fighting career . Most Batman fans know he received special Ninja training during those missing years . This film fills in the gaps and fits nicely with the films that have gone on before . This is one of the better Batman films . I wonder where they will go from here ? Will they continue to blaze new trails or settle for telling the old story in new ways ?
 Having seen all the previous Batman 's I was hesitant to watch yet another Batman but , to my surprise I found myself quite taken with this movie 's approach . Batman Begins , takes you behind the scene of Bruce wayne 's animosity towards the criminal mind and therefore gives clarity on the way he becomes Batman . Bruce 's journey to self discovery was quite believable embarcking the taste of desperate while learning the patterns of criminals . What I really enjoyed about the movie was watching Bruce Wayne 's metamorphis into Batman . The director took great care in showing the audience the difference between Bruce Wayne the man and Batman the Ideal . An unforseen twist takes place when Bruce is confronted by a man who becomes his teacher . Bruce learns the art of ninja as he confronts the demons of his past.Out of all the Batmans I have to say Christian Bale takes the prize ! He is completely comfortable with the role of Batman and at home in his mansion at Wayne 's mannor . Christian has a natural chemestry with his butler and loyal employee Morgan Freeman . Of Course Gary Oldman does a perfect job as Officer Gordan . All in all the cast was well organized and perfectly matched ! I was pleasantly surprised with the outcome of this movie and recommend this to any super hero , comic fan who enjoys the history of his heros as much as the adventures .
 BATMAN BEGINS is a dark , brooding and exceptionally well done entry in the heretofore worn out series . Christopher Nolan 's direction keeps the focus on the dark side of Bruce Wayne 's life and he also has as keen eye for visuals and action scenes . Although the film is necessarily slow in its initial scenes , due to expository reasons , that does n't keep it from being engrossing and mesmerizing . Christian Bale who looked so awful in THE MACHINIST is now looking fit and capable in his role as Wayne/Batman . Bale brings the inner guilt and frustration with the death of his parents , and also his dedication to bringing justice to the ever corruptable Gotham . Katie Holmes is surprisingly good as Rachel , the dedicated DA assistant also out to bring justice to the corrupt city . Michael Caine is the perfect Alfred , showing a fatherly side to his butler role ; Liam Neeson is sinister in his role as Batman 's mentor/nemesis ; Gary Oldman does a good job as Commissioner Gordon ; Cillian Murphy is effectively evil as the Scarecrow ; and Morgan Freeman seems to be having a good time as Batman 's munitions expert . With its intelligent and witty script , and a good lead in Bale , the Batman series seems to be heading in a fresh new direction .
 Movie franchises are cherished commodities in Hollywood , when a studio finds a series of films that works well with audiences they will fight tooth and nail to hold on and capitalize on that success . Sometimes this tenacity proves to be the undoing of the specific franchise , because in the process of capitalizing the movie studio churns out installment after installment in the franchise , and often times loses sight of what made the franchise so great in the beginning , resulting in diminished box office numbers and the end of a franchise . However , sometimes franchises work for long periods of time , now they may hit some bumps in the road , but after taking a break the franchise returns with renewed vigor and blows audiences away . Examples of this trend would be the ever-popular ` James Bond ' series , the ` Superman ' franchise , ` Star Wars ' , and ` Batman ' . With each of those examples , time away has produced strong box office numbers , and even with changes made with the cast and directors involved the success remains . Examples of franchises that suffered from over exposure and lack of story and craftsmanship are as follows
 I 've always been a casual Batman fan at best . I liked the 60 's TV show and the later films , but found the first two way too dark for my tastes . I had little desire to see this film until friends and family started raving about it . I decided to give it a try . Am I ever glad I did.Ignoring all previous movie and TV series , this movie begins with a Bruce Wayne unsure what to do with his life . Through flashbacks , we see his tragic childhood including his parent 's murder . Back in the present , Bruce begins a quest to deal with his inner demons . Ultimate , it leads him to return to Gotham City in his dual roll . And it 's just in time . Corruption and crime have overtaken the city , with the Scarecrow leading the pack . Can this rookie vigilante deal with the menace?I think what impressed me with the movie was the back story . For once I finally understood why a millionaire would risk life and limb like Bruce does on a regular basis . For a superhero movie , the story is slow , especially in the set up . But it really feels more like a drama then a superhero movie , so it really works well . And there are plenty of action scenes , not to mention a climax that is intense enough to make up for the earlier aspects of the movie.Ultimately , I walked away from this film feeling very satisfied . This is a movie everyone can enjoy whether they are a die hard Batman fan or not .
 I knew this movie was being made long before its trailer hit theaters . Not knowing who the cast , writer and director would be , I was very afraid of a repeat attempt at the kind of Batman that 1997 's `` Batman & Robin '' punished us with . As soon as more info came in and I eventually saw the film . I could n't believe it . Not only is this a dramatic improvement over the last Batman film , its arguably the best comic book-adaptation film ever made . Being treated like a credible film , you sometimes get the impression you are watching a creepy , gripping psychological drama rather than just a comic-film . Rather than its special effects , stunts , or over-the-top music that drives it ; this is helmed by a superior cast and a great script to match . Not to mention the perfect portrayal of the story by director Chris Nolan . Christian Bale simply IS BATMAN ! This is Batman the way that Bob Kane originally intended . It is the most exciting , dramatic and emotionally gripping of any of the more recent comic book films , certainly of all of the Batman movies . If you must judge what the Batman character was really meant to be from a movie , make it this one ! I 'm sure glad I 've all the other films first , or this one would make them look like a let-down . DO NOT RENT IT ! BUY IT ! By , the way , the special features will keep you up watching for hours also . They pretty much hold the same structure as the rereleases of the first four films .
 When Joel Schumacher destroyed the other Batman series , the best thing to do is start over aagain and make it better . Batman Begins is definitley the best Batman film , the best film of the year and it 's definitley a masterpiece.After being the Batman champion for 16 years , Christian Bale has took that title away from Michael Keaton . Do n't get me wrong , Michael Keaton is still a great Batman , but Bale was a greater Batman and a greater Bruce Wayne.I love how the film starts where Bruce Wayne -LCB- Bale -RCB- meets a man name Ducard -LCB- Neeson -RCB- who will teach him to become a warrior . I also like how they show his past , where he finds the batcave that 's under Wayne Manor , how his parents were murdered and the pain it 's causing him . It 's very close to the comic , only difference is that he never had a childhood friend name Rachael.Anyway , after he is trained by Ducard , Ra 's Al Ghul -LCB- Watanabe -RCB- wanted Bruce to kill a man , but Bruce refuses . And now , a feud starts and Bruce leaves and heads back to Gotham City . Only to see that crime is getting bigger.One thing I love about this film is that it shows a very good relationship between Bruce and Alfred -LCB- Caine -RCB- , like it shows how much of a father figure he is . Also , the relationship between Batman and Jim Gordan -LCB- Oldman -RCB- , which you really did n't see in the other Batman films . How Lucius Fox -LCB- Freeman -RCB- shows him all the new technology he needs to become Batman . Cillian Murphy brings out a brilliant performance as Jonathan Crane/Scarecrow and Katie Holmes was a good additional character to this film.Some people say that this film is too talky . It 's called Batman Begins , you 're not gon na see any action until you see how it all began.This 2-disc DVD edition with cool features is perfect for all Batman fans . It 's definitley worth every penny and you wo n't be disappointent .
 A must see ! Great for pre teens . No language . Great fight sequences . Engaging storyline . Much better than the previous Batman films . Bale is the most convincing Batman . Worth the DVD purchase !
 Now this movie starts out with bruce wayne as a youngster and has some very good moments from him before he was batman . So a not long enough scene , and one of the poorer scenes of the movie , his parents are killed and this leads to a very good scene . So bruce wayne being very troubled in life goes on a spiritual journey and ends up in jail sorry I ca n't remember where , but there is a mountain and it is very icy . There he meets liam neeson and becomes like a ninja , well a crucial moment happens and bruce has to leave , after saving liam neeson . From this point he comes home and becomes batman . Pretty good movie from here , with an ending that was as good as any movie I have seen in a long time.Now I have a big and a small problem in this movie , though everyone I have talked to have disagreed with me . I feel that they just do not watch movies close enough and must not be big fans of batman . # 1 - I think that it must have been the directors fault , so let me correct him on his mistake . When bruce wayne is around alfred , a villain , or anybody who knows that it is him , he SHOULD use his dark voice , which christian bale did n't do a good job at , but it is still an acceptable voice . Now when he is talking to ANYBODY else he uses his christian bale voice and they should have showcased more of this than they did . I am a huge fan of batman the original animated series and tim burton 's version which captured the voice perfectly , in fact the cartoon did n't slip up in A SINGLE episode whereas batman begins hits like double digits with how many times they screw this up . So still a very good movie but this was a major problem for me . # 2-everybody who bruce wayne knows , knows that he is batman , I think they should have at least thrown in a couple more just to have them around he did n't know to round it out , I mean I think there are like 1 or 2 characters who actually know batman as a mystery in this movie . Now this was not as big of a deal to me because hey , it 's a movie .
 i saw this movie in the summer i thought was pretty good after seen batman forever and batman and robin this movie was better than the two films before it one thing this movie got right the joker didn , t kill batman pranets i think micheal keaton played a better batman his verison of batman is more ture to the comic . mrs Bale did good job but the movie has flaws . my review 7/10
 ... especially the one with Alicia Silverstone . Although , `` it 's time for a freeze ! '' is a damn good line , no denying it . Anyways , onto the review.All in all I 'd have to say this was a pretty good movie , I 'd say the second best Batman film made , next to the first one with Keaton and Nickleson . I especially enjoyed the first 45 min , dealing with Bruce Wayne 's tutelage under Liam Neisen , who is brilliant in the film . The whole Batman character has been made much more realistic than in past films -LRB- although less comic-booky -RRB- , and psychologically this movie is far superior to its predecesors . The idea of Batman as an object of fear is well explored , and I find it refreshing in the face of too-friendly superheroes like Spiderman and the like . Katie Holmes is passable -LRB- at best -RRB- as young Bruce 's romantic interest , although the romance really takes a major backseat to the crime fighting an all . Cillian Murphy is great as the Scarecrow , one of the more interesting Batman villians -LRB- and just not as fruity as Riddler -RRB- . So mostly good , but some areas to watch out for : - Fight scenes
 I CANT WAIT TO SEE IT BUT JUST ONE QUESTION IS ROBIN GOING TO BE IN THE MOVIE CAUSE I WAS JUST ASKING
 the year i was born . batman came out . i was first exposeed to it when i was about 5 , then batman returns shortly after that . and those are my 2 favorite movies of all time . and the animated series was amazing as well . but batman forever and batman and robin didnt make batman look dark and gritty . they made him look tacky and well ... too much of a good guy . this movie has the scarecrow and ras ' a goul as the villians and i have been waiting for the scarecrow for ever . behind the joker , the scarecrow is where it is at . this movie will be great if A. its gritty . B. if christian bale dosnt suck . C. katie holms isnt overused . and D. they make refrences to jack napier and harvey dent and things of that nature . not tell them there future villians . but at least let us batman fans know that these guys were around and doing stuff to get media attention . good or bad . well july 17th ... lets go in the cinema with our fingers crossed
 Christopher Nolan is one of my favorite directors and christrian bale has become of my favorite actors after seeing BATMAN BEGINS.Totally different from the very first one in that it was a lot more visual as far as atmosphere , which is classic for gotham city , which is known for it 's dark and merky settings -LRB- if you 've read as many comic books as I have -RRB- . Pure entertainment !
 I did not know they were making another Batman movie . I think its cool . I love Batman . I own all 4 batman movies on VHS and I own games also . It looked pretty cool but I will have to wait and see if it is really good . Some people did not like the last 2 movies in the series but I have enjoyed them all myself . I will be 24 when the new batman movie comes out in 2005 because my brithday is April 1st and I was only 8 when the first movie came out . So you can see batman has been around for awhile even before the first movie and how Batman has come along way . When I have seen the movie I will give it whatever rating in my opiion it deserves . But for Now the 5 stars are for the first 4 movies . The TV show and the games . ca n't wait . Thanks
 my wife called it a guy movie . lots of action and no romance . It is more more philosophic and moody then most action films , something i like . Lots of room for thoughtfulness and threads to think about . But with things that go boom and hand to hand combat as expected from a comicbook character . Nice movie , worth regular price and buying the DVD .
 This movie is an awesome prequel to the Batman story and the best Batman movie made to date -LRB- including The Dark Knight -RRB- . Blu-ray looks fantastic and the movie does not get old . It 's one of those movies that if you see it on broadcast/satellite TV , you will probably tune in to watch it even though you 've seen it/own it .
 I do believe that out of all of the Batman movies this is my favorite . It definitely sets a good foundation for the numerous sequels . Christian Bale gave an outstanding performance as Batman . I highly recommend Batman Begins for all Batman lovers !
 If you have n't ' seen this movie ... Crawl out from the rock you 've been living under , run to the nearest computer , log onto Amazon.com and purchase this movie . `` Should n't I rent it first '' might be popping into your head ... `` NO '' is my answer . You could , but you 'll want to end up buying it anyways ... so save yourself the trouble and just buy it.THANK GOD for this movie ... it has saved the Batman franchise , after the last two prior movies.This movie is who and what Batman is . It 's almost like the characters walked off the comic-book pages to film a movie .
 I like Tim Burton 's Batman and Batman Returns . They are dark , funny , sexy , and work great as comic book adaptations . Then of course Schumacher 's Batman Forever and Batman & Robin derailed completely the franchise . A new reboot was necessary but I do n't think anyone was prepared to see how Batman 's return to the big screen was going to be that spellbinding in the hands of the gifted director Christopher Nolan.Batman Begins takes the hero to its origins in a most realistic , dark way . Bruce Wayne is not a perfect hero , he is driven by sorrow , anger , fear and desire of revenge and we see his struggle to overcome this in order to become Batman . Christian Bale is perfect as the tortured Wayne and also as the no-nosense Batman . What I like most about this film is how Nolan and Goyer were able to give Bruce Wayne the same weight as Batman and give him enough room to develop the character . Also , Bale is surrounded by an extraordinary supporting cast composed by Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Morgan Freeman , Cillian Murphy and Katie Holmes.This film is not full of big action sequences or special effects . This is a much human and realistic portrait of an amazing character that slowly builds the foundation of future Batman films . A spectacular reboot.Video & Audio : BB has a solid but flawed video presentation . It 's not bad and is superior to the SD DVD but it 's not demo quality as The Dark Knight . Some night scenes look crushed and there is softness in some scenes . Still it offers balanced colors and there are not compression artifacts to see.The 5.1 Dolby TrueHD is also great but it 's not spectacular.Bonus Features : BB comes with some special features that include a PIP commentary , many featurettes which delves with the creation of Gotham , the cast , the action sequences , the special effects and more and the Imax Prologue of TDK . There is a great assortment of bonus material that will keep you engaged and entertained.Closing Thoughts : Batman Begins is the best origin movie for a superhero and the second best Batman movie -LRB- behind its sequel -RRB- , its has a great story , a compelling hero and amazing supporting characters that make this film to stand above the usual hero films . Warner 's BD is not perfect but its not awful and it has many insightful featurettes to keep you interested Recommended !!!
 I saw the sequel to this film , with Heath Ledger as the Joker . He did a good job as Joker , but I was not impressed with that film overall . However , I am very pleased with this one . So many reboots just end up being bad , but this was actually a very good reboot , with a reasonable storyline and two villains -LRB- Ra 's Al Guhl and the Scarecrow -RRB- I liked the story , it was well-written , and actually made sense . Even if I did n't like the sequel to this film , this film by itself was awesome , and even if you liked the original Batman movies with Michael Keaton , this is still a great film for any Batman fan .
 As much as I like the Dark Knight , in terms of replay value I think Batman Begins has it all
 I believe that this is the best Batman saga put out to date . It 's dark and informative . A lot of questions get answered that other colorful Batman movies just did n't deliver . They make this Batman seem more human which is a plus . Blu-Ray just makes it that much better !
 I have all the Batman Series of movies and am a comic book fan from way back . I wanted the new take on the character . The movie does n't disappoint . It goes back and gives a new look at the beginning of the man becoming the character . The cast is well developed as the story progresses and it is a joy to watch the film . This is a more serious Batman than some of the other incarntions . The action is fast and cast is great . I will enjoy this movie over and over .
 I have just recently seen Batman Begins , I would not watch it for as long as i could remember although when The Dark Night released my wife insisted on seeing it because of it being one of Mr. Ledgers -LRB- rest in peace -RRB- last films I must say he did do quite an excellent portrayal of the Joker not Jack Nicholson but for the context of the movie he was perfect I dont think anyone could have done better although my main reason for writing this review is because Batman Begins is not rated R as it is posted for the listing of this movie here on Amazon im really not sure as to who should be addressed on this but they should correct this information because it is clearly a mistake .
 It was about time we saw the original roots and essence of Batman ; what made him become Batman ? What did the Bat represent ? All other Batman movies had certain flaws
 Christopher Nolan -LRB- `` Memento '' -RRB- takes the helm for the latest entry in the successful -LRB- `` Fading , '' my a -- , though I have n't seen `` Batman Returns '' or `` Batman Forever '' -RRB- franchise , steering it away from the first 4 movies , thus re-inventing the Dark Knight for a new generation . The acting was excellent on all levels -LRB- Oscar-winners Morgan Freeman , also doing some voice-over work in Steven Spielberg 's awesome remake of H.G. Wells ' classic sci-fi novel `` War Of The Worlds '' -LSB- see my review on it -RSB- , and Michael Caine appear as Lucius Fox and long-time `` Batman '' staple Albert , the butler , providing the comic relief when neccessary -RRB- . Katie Holmes -LRB- best-known as the love interest in `` Dawson 's Creek '' -RRB- does a great job as Bruce Wayne 's love interest , aside from being another pretty face . Christian Bale -LRB- the little boy in Steven Spielberg 's `` Empire Of The Sun '' and the `` Boy '' in Kenneth Branagh 's `` Henry V '' -LSB- see my review on it -RSB- -RRB- has come a long way since then , turning in a ferocious , yet completely believable , performance as Bruce Wayne . Liam Neeson -LRB- best-known as Oskar Schindler in Steven Spielberg 's epic `` Schindler 's List '' -LSB- see my review on it -RSB- -RRB- , Ken Watanabe -LRB- the samurai leader in `` The Last Samurai '' -RRB- and screen villian Gary Oldman , doing a 360-degree turn , bring up the supporting cast ... and do it very well . All I can say is , BRING ON THE SEQUEL !! Why not cast Tom Cruise as the villain in the next film ? Christopher Nolan -LRB- `` Memento , '' `` Insomnia '' -RRB- opts for a darker take on the origins of `` The Bat Man , '' thus creating the atmosphere for an emotionally gripping , more stylized version of Bob Kane 's immortal comic book creation , ditching the campiness of the first four -LRB- unless you count the 1966 `` Batman '' film , which was based on the 1960 's TV series -RRB- movies . The scene where Rachael -LRB- Ms. Holmes -RRB- literallt slaps some sense into Bruce should 've been extended and ended a little differently , but screenwriter David S. Goyer had the right idea , choosing to further explore the here-to-fore uncharted reasons that drove Bruce to becoming `` The Dark Knight . '' The small scene where Rachael is protecting a little boy also should 've been extended , but it probably would 've driven the movie way off track , however further it would have developed her character . Cillian Murphy turns in a sinister performance as `` The Scarecrow . '' Rated PG for some violence .
 Batman Begins is a cinematic triumph because it does n't allow the power of Hollywood glitz , to get in the way of a compelling story that is character based and powerful . Bale is at the heart of that story - giving a portrayal of Batman that is at once - tortured and dark as well as warm and sensitive . The Batman franchise is back and in Bale , they have a powerful leading man.Bale - a veteran of recent films portraying psychopaths , brings a psychopathic element to Batman
 I was fortunate enough to catch the June 6th screener of this movie . Not only is this the best Batman movie so far , it 's quite possibly the best comic book-based movie ever.Fair warning - if the wild neon lights and anatomically correct suits of the previous 2 films were your cup of tea , this movie is not for you . In fact , unlike any of the previous films , this one centers on Bruce Wayne and his evolution into Batman . He does n't even appear in costume until halfway through the movie.Batman Begins is dark , intense , and completely faithful to the source material . Christian Bale nails the parts of Batman and Bruce Wayne perfectly . It also does n't hurt that the supporting cast is stellar , featuring names like Morgan Freeman , Gary Oldman , Katie Holmes , Rutger Hauer , Liam Neeson and Michael Kaine . The story flows fast and fierce , with few slow points . There is even a perfect segue into a possible sequel in the movie 's final scene.This movie comes with my highest possible recommendation .
 Either this or Sin City is going to the best summer movie of next summer . Batman Begins will probely make the most money , since the hype is up so high all ready . Let me tell you what I think of Batman 's next big movie . I think the idea of making a Batman prequel is the best Warner Bros has come up with so far . Now we can go back and see him when he was all fueld up with revenge . I ca n't wait to see what Scarecrow is like in this . He 's probley my favirte Batman villian , so it 's good to see him on the big screen . Cristain Bale looks like his going to be the best Batman yet . The movie looks so cool and I ca n't wait to see it . I 'll write an offical review when I see the movie .
 I 've submitted this review twice - I deleted the first one - and each time , within hours , it gets a slew of `` not helpful '' votes . Why ? I gave it 4 stars fer Pete 's sake ! And I pointed out a genuine problem with the formatting that I think might be of value to potential buyers . But NOOOO ... any review that does n't say `` Oooh , what a great movie ! '' gets voted `` not helpful '' by its fans . This certainly undermines my faith in Amazon 's ratings , as apparently only THE MOST FAVORABLE reviews get high marks . Readers beware!Anyhow , `` Batman Begins '' certainly contains some spectacular moments -LRB- e.g. the `` Tibet '' sequence , actually filmed in Iceland -RRB- and the plot contains enough twists to keep you guessing -- but Christian Bale never really brings The Batman to life , and the Grand Finale is all too predictable . Except for the surprise identity of the Evil Mastermind , there 's little to distinguish the last half-hour of the movie ; it 's the same old chase/fight mix we 've come to expect in movies of this genre.Also , although the DVD I rented is described as `` Widescreen , '' on my wide-aspect TV the image shows up with bars on the top and bottom , as well as on both sides . Instead of filling the whole screen , it floats in the center , a shrunken version of what it should be . I was able to enlarge it by going to `` panorama '' mode , but this creates distortion at the edges.So , overall , 4 stars -- above average , but hardly the masterpiece some have proclaimed it to be .
 wow ! this movie is sooo cool . i went to see it the first day it opened and it was awesome ! well worth the money , it 's story was real good , the actors were talented at playing their roles , and christain bale is the best batman i 've ever seen!keaton was overrated in his preformance in the first batman movie , but christain bale stays on top the whole time.the villians are a lot more real and creepier too!cillian murphy did a wonderful job at portraying dr. jonathan crane/scarecrow . four times better than spiderman or fantastic four ... this movie rocks !
 After being disillusioned by just about every comic book `` blockbuster '' of recent times -LRB- yes i was a minority to the two Spiderman movies , i did n't care for them , same goes with Daredevil , Hellboy and the first X-Men ... they frankly sucked . -RRB- Batman Begins comes as a nice surprise.The film draws a lot of visual inspiration from the actual comics and looks all the more impressive for it . The storytelling is done at a decent pace , giving each stage just enough time to have an impact before moving on . On the acting front Liam Nesson is excellent as always , Michael Cane as Alfred is brilliant as well serving as the comic relief . Katie Holmes is a bit disappointing but her role is largely forgettable . Christian Bale does an excellent job of re-imagining Bruce Wayne . Watch out for Cillian Murphy as the Scarecrow ... genius in the making ... . Just goes to show , with this and Sin City looks like Hollywood is turning a to a `` real '' look for comic book films .
 I honestly expected less when I wathced this movie . Best Batman ever ... loved the Scarecrow and the plot . Renting the rest of the trilogy tonight !
 What ? You do n't own this yet ? Seriously ? Buy it , because this is the film that kicked off one of the best trilogies Hollywood has ever put out.This movie was already a 10 . The Blu-Ray merely cranks it up to 11 .
 As far as I am concerned , this movie is a discussion of evil . At what point does the eradication of evil become evil ? I saw it at the movie theatres 6 times and purchased it as soon as it came out . The movie provides not only action and a hero with humanity and human failings but it gives one food for thought .
 This was the film that originally made me go with HD-DVD . Batman Begins is truly not just a super hero film , but a wonderful work by Chris Nolan . Excellent sound , dialogue , picture quality is excellent . This will become a classic masterpiece like vinyl .
 Was n't sure if this was going to be good but it 's great -LRB- as a fan of the 80 's movies -RRB- that this reimagining can be done with such passion , be different but also be so much more entertaining and enjoyable . I really enjoyed Bale 's performance , even if you do n't like his voice .
 Feel sorry for the next writer/director who has to follow Chris Nolans Batman ! Great movie to complete my collection on Blu Ray .
 Chris Nolan reinvents the legacy of batman by telling his back story and how bruce wayne turned into the man that gotham criminals fear Batman
 This is much better than The Dark Night or the Dark Night Rises . Bales role in Batman Begins was outstanding . It really shows the dark side of Batman and makes it believable . The next two were more corny and seemed to focus more on the effects and not the story .
 Great movie.i watched it over and over . I would recommend to anyone . def get entire series and watch to get full history
 Great Movie . The Christopher Nolan trilogy is one of my favorites . I had to watch this one again after I watched The Dark Knight Rises .
 The movie seemed dark at first ; but has a good storyline , kept me on the edge of my seat and Christopher is so good looking !
 Love the story , love the choice of casts . Would definitely watch this movie multiple times . I did not think of wanting to collect the Batman series but after watching the whole 3 movies , I would like to have them as our family 's private movie collection .
 The superhero movie that was n't afraid to be different . Instead of creating a world that was fantastical and `` comic booky '' , Christopher Nolan decided to take the franchise in another direction and introduce a Batman that existed in the real world . Christian Bale is great as the caped crusader , and it has everything you would expect from a Nolan film ; a smart script , terrific editing , and incredible action sequences .
 good cast , good story , great effects . good to watch in order ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . .
 Batman begins is a very good movie for starters . The hole heroe scene were overall good and every character was well proved to deliver its part . Nice work .
 Never caught this one in the theaters , so I watched it after the third one.It 's great story telling by Nolan and I hope there is a boxed-set soon .
 Did n't notice at first when we ordered this but this is the French/English version of Batman . It has everything in English so it 's fine and actually just funny to own .
 Excellent movie one of the best . Batman a super hero of the old time y es una de mis peliculas favoritas se las recomiendo
 As my wife says , `` This is the perfect movie '' . The plot is incredibly well thought out and complex with everything tying together perfectly !
 Great way to start the trilogy . I had only seen clips online and decided to buy the movie , certainly do n't regret it . May watch it next week or so .
 As a huge fan of the first `` Batman '' movie , I had some serious doubts when I continuously read reviews , stating that this was the `` best ` Batman ' movie yet '' . I just did n't see how any actor could play Batman better than Michael Keaton or how any villian could possibly top the performance of Jack Nicholson as the Joker . Then , I went to see this movie last night . WOW !!!!! This movie is simply amazing !! Christopher Nolan decided to take us deep into the mind , heart and soul of the ` Caped Crusader ' and let the audience see what , how and why Batman is Batman.We get to see Bruce Wayne as a child and watch the horrific murdering of his parents -LRB- this scene was very similiar to the first `` Batman '' , except in the first one , the Joker kills his parents . That is not the case in this film -RRB- . The audience is also treated to more of Wayne 's father . Nolan did an excellent job of depicting the relationship between Bruce and his father . Every exchange we see between the two , easily displays the un-dying love Bruce 's father had for him and the extreme respect both Bruce and Gotham City had for his father . -LRB- I get chills thinking of his father telling Bruce 's mother that they are leaving the Opera , because he needs fresh air , not because Bruce is afraid of bats . Truly an emotional scene and one that `` brings home '' the love between father and son -RRB- . After his parents are murdered , Bruce goes traveling and lands himself in a jail -LRB- for stealing merchandise . All of which was from Wayne Enterprises and was actually owned by him . -RRB- In prison , Bruce has his chance to release his anger over his parents murder on all of the convicts . He is very feared and is very capable of handling more than 1 man -LRB- more like 8 or 9 -RRB- . From prison Bruce is picked up by Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , whom works for a gang of vigilantes , headed by RA 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Wantanabe -RRB- . Here , Bruce is taught to use his fear as a weapon . He is taught to fight , be invisible , instill fear into his enemy and most importantly , harness his fear as his greatest weapon . At the end of his training , Bruce is asked to inhale the fumes of a very rare flower -LRB- which will be used by our villians in a plot to ruin Gotham City forever -RRB- . As he does this , he begins to hallucinate and is told not to fear his greatest fear ; bats . As he stumbles for footing and repels the soldiers that are trying to sneak-attack him , a large horde of bats swarms over him -LRB- in his hallucination -RRB- . Bruce falls at first , just to get back up -LRB- Alfred teaches him this lesson -RRB- and finally overcome this dreaded fear . This is where Bruce graudates from training and is asked to execute a criminal the vigilantes have caught . Bruce claims he is not an executioner and in a great action scene ; burns down the vigilante headquarters , kills all of the members in the explosion , saves Ducard and returns to Gotham City to fight crime and return the city to the grand vision his father had always seen it as . Oh , and on the way , the man who killed his parents is paroled . Bruce decides he is going to kill him , but is beaten to the punch by the Gotham 's crimelord , who kills the murderer in the hopes of gaining Bruce 's favor . That does n't work.For the next hour or so , we are brought back to Gotham , introduced to Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , Rachel Doss -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- and Mr. Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- . We are shown Wayne Enterprises . We see Rachel Doss in the courtroom , trying , to no end , to convict criminals ; only to have them set free and declared legally insane by Jonathan Crane A.K.A. `` the Scarecrow '' -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- , who is on the payroll of the crimelord and will do what is needed to keep his men out of prison -LRB- Or so it appears at the start of the film . As we learn more we see that he has a plan for these men , once he gets them into his asylum . -RRB- I do n't want to spoil any f the film for those who have not seen , but I did want to set up the premise for the film . There are many twists and turns that start at about the point I have stopped at , and again , I would n't want to ruin this film , due to how magnificent it is.My favorite part of this film is probably Michael Caine as Alfred . He is simply perfect for the role and this movie gives us the best depiction of Alfred . In previous films , Alfred was basically a friendly servant , with dry humor . In this film , we see that Alfred is almost a father-figure to Bruce and actually persuades Bruce into keeping the mansion , and upholding the Wayne family name . Alfred and Bruce argue quite a bit throughout this film and the dialogue between the two is so intelligent and so well-worded that you almost forget you are watching a `` Batman '' movie . -LRB- Nothing beats the repeated `` Bruce , why do we fall down ? So that we can learn to get back up . '' This line is repeated 3 times by Alfred during the movie and each time , becomes more powerful -RRB- I love the dialogue , because it makes you realize that Wayne is an educated man , not simply a good-looking crime-fighter as depicted by the likes of Clooney , Keaton and Kilmer.Morgan Freeman is also a joy as Mr. Fox , an applied scientist at Wayne Enterprises . He is funny , smart , and a very large part of the plot , albeit the fact that his screen time is relatively short in this 2hr 20min masterpiece.Cillian Murphy is very creepy as `` scarecrow '' . KAtie Holmes gives an adequte performance as Rachel Doss . She 's pretty and has that quality of appearing as such a sweetheart that she makes the role very believable.Christian Bale IS Batman . He truly fits this role better than I had imagined and gives Batman a human quality that his predecessors could not pull off in previous films . He keeps the calm , quiet mystique of Bruce Wayne , while delivering what seems like a total different performance when he dons the Batman costume.The scene that made this movie for me , is when Batman reveals his identity to Rachel . In a scene that will give ANYONE goosebumps , Batman is on a rooftop , just having saved Rachel and a little boy from certain death , when Rachel asks for his name . Batman repeats a line Rachel had told Bruce earlier in the film , during an argument the two had ; `` It 's not whats underneath , but your actions that determine who you are '' -- this is such an emotional and wonderful part of the movie , my words simply can not describe . It 's this sort of dialogue/writing that make this movie oscar-worthy ! Another great part of the movie is that Gotham City is clearly modeled after my hometown , Chicago . This is very clear on the skyline shots -LRB- I would know -RRB- and the ` EL ' , which Bruce 's father built to help the `` lesser-offs '' comute cheaply.Folks , I can not say enough about how fantastic this film is . Kudos to Christopher Nolan for reviving the `` Batman '' series and ending it on the high note it deserves ! There is NO WAY any `` Batman '' fan can be disappointed by this film!ENJOY !!! P.S. I watched this movie at a Drive-In and as my friends and are were staring , completely engrossed in what was going on ; a bat swooped down and zipped right between us !!! I swear it happened and freaked the hell out of all of us .
 `` Batman Begins '' is all about a man who battles his enemies and inner demons . It 's about fear , acceptance , morality and reality
 Batman Begins is by far the best Bat-film ever . For this film to be as great as it was , was absolutely necessary.The Batman took a hard punch in the face with the Batman and Robin film and ruined the series . The Tim Burton films and Batman Forever were good movies , but flawed.Good , but not great.With those films , we never got a real sense of who Batman was or really why he chose to do this . And they also had a very surreal world theme to them . Batman Begins answers all the questions , has a real world feeling and fantastic performances.This is the Batman movie I have been waiting for ! I enjoyed this more than I did Spiderman 2 -LRB- A Great Movie ! -RRB- . Batman Begins finally got it right !!
 What makes a hero movie is faithfulness . Is it faithful to the character ? Is it faithful to his/her motivations ? Pathos ? And in a case such as Begins , is it faithful to the history and character boundaries set by the creator?Only a few minutes into Begins , and we 're already deeper into backstory than all of the previous `` Bat '' films combined . It only gets better . It 's more than the when 's of Bruce Wayne/Batman . It 's the what 's , why 's , who 's , where 's , and how 's . What happened to him ? Why choose to leave Gotham ? Who influenced him ? Where did he travel to ? Who did he meet ? What did he learn ? Why does he choose that life ? Why does he return to Gotham ? How does he become Batman?With a deep root in Long Halloween , a nod to Frank 's Year One , and zealous direction that chooses realism over cartoon -- this is it . For longtime fans of the character of Batman , this is the film that most gets it . In a word , worthy .
 Great Movie ! I did n't know it was the first part to the Dark Knight Trilogy , I had seen the other 2 first and this one cleared up some confusions I had ! Loved it !
 This product is awesome . I originally had problems with a seller because the image here says it 's Canadian with the inside artwork , but what I got was the U.S. Best Buy version . The difference is that in the Best Buy version , the inside is completely blank , whereas from Canada it has an awesome picture of Batman.I highly recommend this steelbook , it 's one of my favorites !
 This is the best Batman movie yet . It stars Christian Bale , Liam Neeson , Katie Holmes , Gary Oldman , Rutger Hauer , and Morgan Freeman . The Batman story gets a new chapter never before seen on film . This movie is filled with tons of awesome action , special effects , and great acting . It 's my favorite Batman film . You have to see it !
 As mid October rolls around , brisk winds sweep through the crisp autumn air , jack o'lanterns decorate steps and porches , the scent of wood smoke radiates from wood stoves , and the leaves are in their peak season of color . October is a magnificent month , and in celebration of its annual visit , I 've decided to review a few great flicks for the Halloween season . The titles that I 've chosen to review are `` alternative '' Halloween movies ... not the classics that generally spring to mind , but fun movies with elements of the supernatural . Just good , lighthearted stuff here ... nothing gory or scary -LRB- at least not too much -RRB- ! `` Batman Begins '' is an exceptional movie , no matter how you want to judge it - drama , superhero adaptation , or action movie . What I particularly loved about it was how it gave a credible origin to the legend of Batman . Rather than just asking the viewer to accept that Bruce Wayne has a ridiculously high aptitude for stealth and combat , director Christopher Nolan SHOWS us why this is . Wayne 's training in a remote sanctuary of ninjas , as he slowly acquires his remarkable skills , is fascinating and engaging . This is a movie that benefits greatly from the HD transfer to Blu-ray , and it is a treat for the eyes to witness this legendary character 's origins.And let 's not forget , `` Batman Begins '' works perfectly as an `` alternative '' Halloween movie , as this crisp October weather rolls in . After all , it features a very cool villain called `` Scarecrow '' , whose weapon is nothing less than fear itself ... the story of `` Batman Begins '' will draw you in from the first moments , and hold your attention until the final , climactic battle .
 Anybody who has seen this movie knows how good it is , but unfortunately , since The Dark Knight came out , this movie has been constantly overlooked . Catch it again , and you 'll be reminded of its excellence !
 I could n't believe the cheap price , and it arrived quickly . Love to have blu-ray of this DVD and did n't want to spend a lot . Thanks for a terrific gift idea .
 Movies usually either meet , go below , or totally exceed your expectations . < em > Batman Begins < / em > was more masterful than I could 've hoped and as far as comic book movies go it blows < em > X2 < / em > and < em > Spider-man 2 < / em > totally out of the water . Not only that , but it 's a great movie even without being in the comic book genre . This movie has nothing to do whatsoever with the first four Batman incarnations and is not really a prequel . It 's a starting Batman movie the way it was meant to be done . The acting was completely and utterly spot-on . I ca n't imagine if Bruce Wayne would 've been so perfect without Christian Bale and Michael Caine really puts Michael Gough to shame as Alfred . Hopefully , more people will show love for Gary Oldman after him aptly portraying a pre-Comissioner Gordon . Cillian Murphy is finally showing the mainstream public , who likely had n't heard of him , how good he really is in his role as Scarecrow and it just felt right . Katie Holmes and Morgan Freeman did very well reinventing their characters and I just love how they both interacted with Bruce Wayne . I 'm not going to talk about Liam Neeson and Ken Wantanabe to avoid spoilers , but just know that they were no different from the rest.I still have more to say though so indulge me for another paragraph . Acting is all well and good , but what is it that makes this movie so special ? The careful attention poured onto every shot . When you ca n't tell what 's cg and what 's real , you know you have a winner . You may think that the bats are n't real , but you 'd be surprised which scenes actually had live bats . Part of this grueling attention comes from the dialogue though , which I just fell in love with . Not a single line was actually corny or out of place , but rather it got to its point without having to dumb things down at all . It all seemed pretty intricate , and I liked how key lines -LRB- especially those relating to big themes -RRB- came back . < em > Batman Returns < / em > came on last night and comparing this script to that one is like comparing night to day . David Goyer really outdid himself and so did Christopher Nolan . For the latter to top < em > Memento < / em > is no small feat , and yet he managed to do it right here . Not only was his hand in the script good but also his sense of art direction and grabbing the essence of Batman . The whole movie seems designed for people my age and older because of how dark it is . Batman is n't scary when he goes around in a batsuit like in those old four movies , but he may strike fear in you a couple of times when he does what he does this time around ! It 's hard for me to scrape up anything I did n't like besides one thing I do n't really want to spoil -LRB- very minor anyway -RRB- and how fast the hand-to-hand combat was . I think the latter was on purpose , but I just would 've preferred to see them go a little slower . Of course , it makes sense that in real life the people fighting would n't slow down and what this movie did best was putting you in a world where everything happening seemed possible , not gimmicky . I loved the subtle explanations of things and the batmobile may not look as sleek as before but it 's definitely more useful.The video and sound quality are pretty good , though I feel that the transfer could 've been a little brighter though I was watching the movie on an older television model . The special features are accessed via a comic book , which is kind of neat , but I 'd rather just have it all straightforward rather than hunt for them -LRB- though if you navigate to the last page of it you can do this also -RRB- . The features I 've watched so far are really good and none are too long so you can easily watch them all in short bursts . They range from his training to the history of the movie 's development to the costume design and down to the creation of Gotham City . Plus , you learn a lot of nifty things like how much fighting Christian Bale actually had to learn and that the scenes in the mountains were filmed on location . If you enjoyed the movie I feel that this set is pretty worthwhile . Even if they were to release a super duper edition , this is really all you need to thoroughly enjoy the film . The only thing that 's missing is a commentary track , but I 've heard that Nolan 's commentary on < em > Memento < / em > sucks anyway so it 's no big deal .
 You 've got to hand it to Warner Bros. ; they finally got it right . With Memento director Christopher Nolan at the helm , Batman is finally given the right treatment that the classic DC Comics icon has deserved as Nolan and co-screenwriter David Goyer take the Dark Knight back to his roots . There 's no major celebrity villains that take up most of the film , there 's no fourescent colors , there 's no Bat-nipples , and there 's no Robin ; this is the way Batman should be . Christian Bale wonderfully cast as the brooding Bruce Wayne , searching across the world for a means to battle crime as he is haunted by the death of his parents . He meets a man named Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who trains him and offers him a place in the League of Shadows led by Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- . After a spectacular action sequence , Bruce returns to the crime ridden Gotham City which is under the fist of crime lord Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- ; and with the assitance of his faithful butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine , perfectly cast -RRB- , technical genius Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , and honest cop Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman , wonderfully cast against type -RRB- , Batman is born . Unlike the other Batman films , Batman Begins really gets to the heart and soul of the character , and Bale could n't be better as the Dark Knight . The cinematography is superb , the fight scenes are nicely orchestrated , and the rest of the cast is great as well , including Cillian Murphy who is perfectly creepy as the vile Scarecrow . The only weak point of Batman Begins is Katie Holmes as the Gotham DA/love interest , but her she does n't have a significant amount of screen time . All in all , Batman Begins is a magnificent return to form for the character , and it 's one of the best comic to film adaptations ever .
 Sorry I love the Tim Burton movies , but this is the best Batman film . The story , actors , music , all make this a really good movie . Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento -RRB- and David S. Goyer -LRB- Blade -RRB- reinvent Batman and make the movie more about him than what was shown in Burton 's films . Their are villians , they just do n't steal screen time from the hero . Michael Caine is great as Alfred he brings a warmth to the role . Gary Oldman is phenominal as Jim Gordon , I was happy at the way he played the character . Cillian Murphy is menacing as the Scarcrow and Liam Neeson is also great as Batman 's mentor . Really good movie and from the end of it , I 'm waiting for a sequel . Highly Highly Recommended .
 By far , BATMAN BEGINS is the best of the Batman movies to date . Just a few minutes into the movie , you forget you are watching Batman or even a superhero movie at all ... very well done ! Leaving the flashiness and flamboyence of the previous movies behind , this Batman is packed with action , a great storyline and superior acting ... Christian Bale is Batman . I only wish this movie had been the first and the others followed in it 's tradition . I 'll also add ... the Batmobile has never been badder !! You do NOT have to like superhero movies to like this movie .
 I am not one of those detractors of the last cycle of `` Batman '' films . For those too young to remember Tim Burton , the director of `` Batman '' and `` Batman Returns '' , was a young visionary filmmaker and his offerings in the series reflected his comic-goth outlook . Joel Schumacher , the director of `` Batman Forever '' and `` Batman and Robin '' , took a campier approach to the character . While Schumacher 's films were entertaining there was n't much artistry to them . Also , these films were geared towards casting movie stars instead of actors appropriate to their roles . For instance , Jack Nicholson , who played the Joker in the first installment -LRB- and was quite good -RRB- , received top billing over Michael Keaton as Batman . The makers of this film probably took their cues from Sam Raimi in how he cast his `` Spider-Man '' films . Though Tobey Maguire , Willem Dafoe , or Alfred Molina would be considered household names they were the right actors for the roles and that contributed to the success of Raimi 's films . Warner Brothers must have taken notice because they hired a director , Christopher Nolan , whose previous work , `` Memento '' and `` Insomnia '' , were critical successes but hardly blockbusters . Where he departs from the previous `` Batman '' films is that the emphasis is on Batman and not on the `` guest villains '' . Christian Bale is the perfect choice for the conflicted Bruce Wayne/Batman . Bale , aside from his impressive physique , expertly displays the torment of a man who loathes injustice but has to skirt the fine line between crusader and vigilante . An example at how well cast a film this is Cillian Murphy , who is excellent as the Scarecrow , is n't the most interesting secondary character . That plaudit goes to Liam Neeson as Ducard , Bruce Wayne 's mentor in Tibet . Ducard is by no means a cardboard character rather a complex one who loathes the criminal element but differs from Bruce ever so slightly in combating it . Michael Caine , born to play Alfred the butler when he reached a certain age -LRB- Michael Gough , you were fab in the first four -RRB- . Lastly , I refuse to be fashionable and diss Katie Holmes as Bruce 's love interest . Katie , you were great .
 This is THE Batman movie that fans have been waiting to see . Christian Bale stars as Bruce Wayne , coming to grips with tragedy that befalls him by searching for life 's meaning . It 's a quest that will eventually lead him to become the masked vigilante Batman , who hides in the shadows dispelling his brand of justice . As this is the origin of Batman , there is a lot of setup , or in other words
 Not at all being one for the comic book fantasies that continue to flood the screens and gobble the dollars , camouflage weak scripts with tacky overblown computer graphics , introduce bizarre meanies and barely clothed wonder women , etc , I approached this BATMAN BEGINS with a big bag of prejudices . And in no time at all that bag of unjustified prejudices began to fill with applause for a truly fine film that carries style , wit , character , and enough dazzle to please everyone . This is a surprising good movie!It takes courage to move a larger than life fantasy hero into the realm of humans who through reasons of their own feel the need to become superheroes to the down and outers of the world . Watching the early life of Batman as produced and trained and stimulated by believable characters makes the non-believer want to return to the earlier forays into the genre . So very much of the success of this film lies in the hands of a brilliant cast
 As a long time Batman fan -LRB- I do use a Batman Comforter -RRB- , I think that this Batman movie is the best of the lot . While all are fun this one seemed to capture the dark charm of Batman so much better then the others . You get to see Bruce Wayne before Batman and really see that Batman over any other superhero is really just a man trying to make the world a safer place . Now , that I 've got that out of my system let me just say that Christian Bale was great . The whole movie had fantastic casting . Katie Holmes was n't very believable as a strong district atorney and really did n't hold up that well against Bale on the screen . I believe that the moive is interesting enough that even people who are watching the movie simply because it is Batman will love it too .
 It is great to finally see Hollywood stay pretty close to the actual darkness and storyline of a character as he was originally written.The Batman of the 1930-1940s was not the campy characters often seen in the 1960-1970s TV series.There are a few moments of humor in this movie , but not the usual comic farse Hollywood seems to throw into everything they make these days.This Batman is about as close to authentic as we can probably ever expect from any major studio.True , there are some minor complaints and areas where the film could have been improved upon , but this would be nitpicking.The one MAJOR NEGATIVE in this film is Katie Holmes !!! Ugghhh ... . what terrible casting.It is hard to imagine how the Casting Dept chose her for this role.Her screen presence is bad , she does not fit the role , her acting is below par compared to other actors on the screen and there is ZERO chemistry between her and Christian Bale.An actress like a Naomi Watts or Kate Beckinsale would have been much better in that role !
 Finally a movie that captures the nature of the Dark Knight and makes me hope this team will continue the series in the same vein . This is a fantastic movie , which must be watched . Not only was a good script written . But Christian Bale is perfect as both Bruce Wayne and as Batman . During the parts of the movie were we watch Bruce Wayne , not once did I wonder where Batman was . He played Bruce Wayne so well ... I wanted to see what Bruce would do next . And then you have a fantastic cast surrounding him . This is a winning formula.Batman Begins takes us back to the beginning . And shows us how Bruce Wayne get the skills to be Batman . And within this story we see how he chose the symbol of the bat . The movie jumps over his youth where Alfred raises him . But takes us to the end of the trial of his parent 's murderer where he his vengeance has pushed him . Bruce learns that though he is filled with anger and feels he has nothing to lose ... he does . So Bruce discards his identity and travels throughout the world learning all he can about the criminal mind . For as he was told , you only fear what you do not know.We also see the process he goes through to not only condition his body , but to learn martial arts . The disillusioned Bruce is enticed by mysterious League of Shadows who claim to fame is dispensing Justice . And it is here that Bruce learns to channel his anger and fears into his newly honed skills . Making him a true fighting machine . But he learns he can not follow the leagues methods , for they do not only dispense justice ... but also go to the extreme and become the judge and executioner as well . A line Bruce will not cross . He finally decides he needs to go home to Gotham and help stop its downward spiral into corruption . And Batman is born.The extra material not only includes the movie 's trailer , a wonderful plethora of posters , but a spoof on Batman staring Jimmy Fallon on his way to an MTV Movie Award program . The spoof is well done , fun and silly all at the same time . There is also eight short features that cover everything from the Batmobile being built , casting , Mr. Bale 's conditioning , all the great work on the Bat Suit , the sets being built and what I thought was most impressive , the filming in Iceland.The included comic book shows more of what Bruce Wayne did to prepare himself in his travels and schooling to become Batman . And it has a couple of other stories in it as well . One , which includes Harvey Dent , called The Long Halloween . All in all the deluxe set is a winner .
 Because the first time I only caught the end of the movie , at first I did n't realise that I 'd seen it already . That notwithstanding , it was still an enjoyable experience on second viewing . Casting of Liam Neeson in the type of role here was a little unusual given his past casted roles , but spectacular action scenes and good use of martial arts and swordwork .
 Came really quickly , didnt have any trouble playing the dvd . good movie and would not have picked a different one .
 I my opinion Christian Bale is the best Batman of all time . Dark and creepy . Batman at it 's best . Highly recommended .
 i mean even with an all star cast they turned out to be a joke . This is how batman was supposed to be interpreted , i know there are many sagas of the comics , but the newer ones all have a darker theme to them .
 My son is a Batman fan . I have been a fan for over 40 yrs . This movie was slow a the beginning , but quickly moved along in the middle . Christian Bale was a great choice for Batman
 Chris Nolan reboots the Batman story with a darker tone and an amazing cast . Considered one of the best films of that year , it is a must see for any movie lover .
 Had not seen these so got them to watch on a long flight . Enjoyed the flight even though I had to sit in the middle of a row .
 If you are a fan of any of the batman movies , shows or comics , it is a must own . I am a huge fan of the original -LRB- Keaton -RRB- batman movies and these new ones really give the original a run for its money . Great acting too .
 the best batman seriessaw this when we were in middle school and loved ithighly recomendreally good buy
 Christopher Nolan has done an outstanding job in making this franchise shine . Christian Bale is probably the best &#34; Batman &#34; to date -LRB- hopefully no one gets creative and wants to re-launch ... again ! -RRB-
 When I was a kid , I 'll admit that I kind of hated Batman , thanks to reruns of the 1960s television series . On TV , Batman was sanctimonious , shallow and corny . In 1989 , however , the advent of Tim Burton 's Batman movie exposed me to a whole new side of Batman
 `` Batman Begins '' or more likely , `` Begins Anew '' . We already know Bats 's origins - driven to become a costume vigilante to save Gotham City but also avenge the years-past murders of his parents , Bruce Wayne becomes Batman . Glanced briefly in the 1989 movie , this film actually shows the murders , then follows Wayne across the world in self-imposed exile . Rescued from a horrid Asian prison by the mysterious Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , Wayne finds himself recruited into Ras-Al-Ghul 's League of Shadows , a small vigilante army . In the frost of some unnamed eastern wilderness , Wayne learns the ways of the warrior while confronting personal demons harbored since his parents ' murder . Successfully earning his way into The Brotherhood , Wayne learns of its merciless approach to criminal justice and its plans to restore order to Gotham City , and betrays it . -LRB- The Brotherhood proves to have a longer memory and reach than Wayne had anticipated , using mass destruction to stave off chaos throughout history - they sacked Rome , brought diseased rats to medieval Europe and burned London to the ground . -RRB- Escaping the Brotherhood , Wayne returns to crime-ridden Gotham , beginning an anti-crime campaign that puts him at odds with both criminals and cops . Meanwhile , Jim Gordon , Gotham 's last-good-cop pursues his own investigation . While the city is apparently ruled by crimeboss Carmine Falcome , the script hints at an even darker power lingering in the shadows , ready to strike.This was a pretty good film , though at times it took itself a tad too serious , hoping to escape the self-conscious dark camp of the older movies with their storybook and cartoonish settings . At times the movie seems unsure of how it wants to look , alternating between conventional looking settings and some mix of Bladerunner and Steampunk . It is perhaps a bit too dark for its own good , and the action was often hard to follow . Though showing Batman from his origins , the script begins with Bruce Wayne already having the motives of Batman to take on crime - just looking for the gadgets and Kevlar to facilitate his caped crusade . We never find the source of Bruce 's heroism , though we 're supposed to assume it just runs in the family . The story is n't that well defined either , as if they decided that all they needed was to toss Batman into a city of crime , come up with some plot to destroy the city and the rest would write itself . Of the characters , Alfred and Lucious -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- are the only fun ones . Cillian Murphy is the forgettable Scarecrow , a psychiatrist who rules by fear . Tom Wilkinson is actually well cast and plays Falcone like some 40 's era crimeboss , but the story gets rid of him quickly . The best role here is actually Neeson 's - he 's much more interesting as a morally-questionable killer . In short , it does n't match the '89 Batman , but easily beats everything that followed it .
 This was bought as a gift ! my husband loves the movie and loves the clarity of the high dfinition
 I loved the story line beginning with Bruce 's childhood and bringing him up through the development of Batman . I was really surprised by the intensity of Bale . The only other character I remember him as was the guy in `` Little Women , '' a very different character to be sure . Michael Cane is perfect as Wayne 's butler , Alfred . All the others put in very good performances . Great CG . Nicely done for a comic book to movie .
 I do n't know where to start to even say how awesome this film is . I will just say this is what Tim Burton COULD NOT do back in 1989 , nor could he really do it now either . I do like Burton 's take but it was very shallow in terms of what makes Batman tick -LRB- Tim has always been all style and no substance -RRB- , Nolan on the other hand gives us what we all wanted and that is the man behind the cowl , the motivation and lessons learned to make him the Knight that he is . Nolan delivers a great cast with a great scrpit , all told with great direction . The years spent making taunt psychological/film nior films like Memento and Insomnia have all lead up to this and Chris did not fail in the least bit . Bale makes the most promising Batman and Bruce Wayne since the casting news of Michael Keaton , whom would go on to drop the ball as Batman in the Burton films along with Jack Nicholson dropping The Joker too -LRB- sorry Jack DID NOT KNOW how The Joker should be -RRB- . Along with Bale there are some very good actors fleshing out , and I mean fleshing out the roles of some of Gotham 's citizen such as Micahel Cain -LRB- Alfred -RRB- , Gary Oldman -LRB- Gordon -RRB- and Cillian Murphy -LRB- Dr.Crane / Scarecrow -RRB- just to name a few . The use of actual sets and stunt scenes are most welcomed instead of being once again exposed to CGI.I know there are people that will argue that this movie was too long or boring , and if they do they just do n't get it . And if they are like me and have read the comics of Batman and still say they do n't get it , then there just might be a room in Arkham for them .
 Finally a Batman movie made with a realistic approach and the main focus is on the iconic cape crusader and not the villains . I would have to say this might be the best comic adaptation ever made , surpassing `` Spiderman '' and the original `` Superman '' . Do n't even hesitate to buy this film because it is truly a classic .
 Hands down , this has got to be the best Batman film yet . It is pretty neat seeing how they sketch out Bruce 's beginnings as Batman , how he was trained , etc. . A word of caution , however , the first part of the movie might be a bit much for preschoolers . It skips around quite a bit there and is very difficult to follow for that age group , not to mention the extreme amount of violence involved.That said , the movie gets quite interesting as Bruce determines all the nifty `` gadgets '' that are in his parents ' firm , Wayne Enterprises , and how they will work to fight all the goons therein . The car , without a doubt is just awesome ! What is it about the Batmobile that seems so sacred ? All cars seem to pale in comparison to it and this one is no different - it is the definition of cool!Personally , I think the only downfall of this movie is Katie Holmes . Honestly , I 'm not sure who on earth told that girl she could act . Her character adds absolutely nothing to the film and is very easily forgetable . Unfortunately , this could have been changed with a better gal in the role.Lastly , I wish that they would not have allowed one of the police officers to utilize the Batmobile to save the city . Batman is all about secrecy and he not only has the police officer use the car , but he also very easily tells Holmes ' character who he is in real life . Just do n't think that was in keeping with the Batman legend . Other than that , this is just a superb movie and I highly recommend it !
 last week i went with some friends to another city for another friends ' wedding . The night before they wanted to go aout and party ! I dont do that !!!! Also they said they wanted to go out and `` get some squirrel '' -LSB- sick -RSB- There word for soemthing I wont repeat because iam a gentleman ! As they were getting ready , gelspiking there hair , putting on there strpped hilfigure dress shirts , i didnt know what to do.Thats when I noticed Batman Begins was on the Hotel tv 's pay-per-view !!! I thought they might want to stay in and watch it , but they didnt !! This was different from years ago when we ALL would have and then discussed it afterwords !!! So as they left , the smell of Hugo trailing behind them to the closed door i setled in !!! What a great movie !!! i watched it twice in a row that night -LRB- although ihd alredy seen it in the theatre -RRB- !! It made me think , PEO-PLE !! that friend 's change but heroes dont !! sure , maybe Spider man has a blak costume or superman realizes he ahs a new power , but Heroes are always that , HEROES !!! they are our omfort and protectors ... Thye are and alwyas will be our ... FRIENDS .
 I liked this . It was well written and the special affects were high-quality . I also enjoyed the acting and the fact that it was n't extra corny like any of the prior Batman films . I think Bale did a excellent job as Batman along with the supporting cast . The only reason that I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I was n't too thrilled with the fact that they took an awfully long time building up Bruce Wayne 's character . We only get to see him in action as Batman for the last 30 minutes of the film . Another thing that I was puzzled about was the decision to cast Katie Holmes as Bruce Wayne 's love interest . It did n't seem like there was too much chemisrty between the two , to me . I think her role was absolutely pointless and it added nothing to the film . Other than those two things I think its a decent film to rent or possibly buy to add to your collection .
 There are too many people refering of this new installment of Batman as the fifth movie . Wrong ! This is the first one of a new serie ! The four movies from the last decade never happened !! The director took them all and flushed down the toilet ! As a matter of fact , it 's a good thing pretending that these movies never happened because all of them are very untrue to the comics , so forget about them!Batman Begins is the first movie that adapted Batman 's comics the right way . There is no such things as a Joker killing Bruce 's parents , bat-nipples , bat-card or an excentric Two-faces . EVERY BATMAN LIVE ACTION MOVIE FROM THE 90 'S ARE WRONG ! They never happened and they never will!Batman Begins is the only one Batman movie now . Even the things that Nolan and Goyer created for the movie can be incorporated to the comics mithology , like Ras being Bruce 's master , for example , or the assassing , Joe Kill -LRB- his name in the comics -RRB- being dead by that woman , witch explains why the assassing was never found again . The new Batman is not only true to reality , but also true to the essence of the character.Even better
 The movie is great , but the service -LRB- and prices -RRB- amazon provides for this film is great . I 'm very happy to have bought the rights to this digital product rather than buying a dvd from some brick and mortar retailer ! Great movie , great convenience !
 This movie is great . Better than that , watching it on Amazon saved us from having to find copy somewhere . We watched Begins and Dark Knight the night and morning before we saw Dark Knight Rises . Awesome series !
 One of the best movies ever ! Too bad the Joker wo n't be back . Rest in peace Broke Back Mountain dude !
 I rented this movie because i was catching up on the trilogy preparing for DARK KNIGHT RISES !!! This movie was awesome , was really sets up for the next movies . Along with the other two , this movie is a must . Plus because i didnt own the dvd , Amazon was a fantastic alterative , with superb streaming quality !
 excellent service . good movie . movie was shipped in record time . keep up the good work and service . thanks . enjoyed the film .
 AWESOME MOVIE !!! Trilling-Action-Packed !! Begins back your childhood !! Love it !!! MUST SEE IT !! GREAT FOR A MOVIE NIGHT FOR FRIENDS OR FAMILY !!!
 The Batman movies with Christian Bale are the best ones in my opinion . There is more depth to the storyline/plot and much deeper character development than the ones with Michael Keaton , Val Kilmer , George Clooney , etc. . Also , the action sequences and special effects are great as well .
 I 've never seen Batman Begins till last night and I think it is a good movie . My husband and I enjoyed it from the beginning till the end . This is a must have if you are a Batman fan/collector .
 Price was awesome arrived in good time and disk was clean , overall a good buy I would recommend this movie
 Great movie composed of an amazing story and good acting . Batman Begins is one of the best Batman movies up to its release and is followed by an equally enjoyable film , Dark Knight .
 After the terrible Batman and Robin movie , a reboot was absolutely essential . They hit a home run here with Nolan , as he tells the origin story of Batman in this spectacular movie , Batman Begins . Batman can be taken seriously again . This is a great movie . Not just as a comic book film adaption , but a film itself . Nolan takes the Batman legend into a realistic atmosphere to the point where it is actually believable that someone in the real world can probably be Batman.If you want to know why Batman is Batman , this movie will tell you everything you need to know . 5 stars !
 I bought this because I am a huge Batman fan and love the movies directed by Christopher Nolan . This guy is a visionary . The limited Giftset edition is a plus . You get a set of added content that I do n't think you will be able to get anywhere else . The movie in Blu Ray is just perfect 10/10 . If you 're a fan then get this
 Finally ! A Batman movie worth owning , let alone watching . The blu-ray transfer is excellent . Now I own two Batman movies , this one , and Dark Knight -LRB- but only for the Joker -RRB- Enjoy the movies !
 Batman Begins -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a reboot of the Batman movies after the excessively campy Batman & Robin -LRB- 1997 -RRB- failed critically and commercially . This time around the emphasis is on plot and character and no campy nonsense . Director Christopher Nolan takes the story seriously and he avoids the `` weirdness '' from the Tim Burton/Joel Schumacher Batman movies . Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- is living in Asia after college . Wayne beats up criminals and also ends up becoming one himself . He 's still haunted after seeing his parents killed by a mugger . A group of Ninjas led by Ra 's Al Guhl teach Wayne martial arts , but he leaves them after refusing to kill a man in cold blood . Wayne returns to Gotham City and is reunited with his butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- and his love interest Rachel -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- . Wayne becomes Batman and he must stop The Scarecrow -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- from unleashing a fear-inducing gas on the city.Batman Begins is a solid film , but it 's 20 minutes too long and it suffers from choppy editing ! People complain about Christian Bale 's raspy , `` Cookie Monster voice '' . Michael Caine sure adds a sense of cool to his version of Alfred Pennyworth.Morgan Freeman is quite good as Lucius Fox . Liam Neeson played Ducard , an ally of Ra 's Al Guhl . The music score by Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard is subtle and never `` in your face '' ! Cillian Murphy -LRB- 28 Days Later -RRB- is quite good as The Scarecrow . People also complain about Batman 's large , bulky Batmobile-Tank in this film . This film does a good job satirizing the post 9/11 era . Batman Begins saved the Batman film franchise and The Dark Knight came out in 2008 .
 While it has its fair share of silly , over-the-top moments , Batman Begins was quite an enjoyable experience . My complaint has to be Rachel -LRB- the `` girlfriend '' -RRB- ; the actress portraying her could have done better , the character herself was n't likable in the least , and her only redeeming attribute was the fact that she was Bruce 's childhood friend -LRB- and that she offered a couple of fortune cookie advices -RRB- . Otherwise , her only purpose seemed to be saying things she had no right to say , fitting the role of worried but strong woman for the hero to save , and turning on her headlights at will . Yawn.This story HAS to be told , and the ending left a nail-biting cliffhanger to The Dark Knight -LRB- which , I must admit , is the sole reason I bought THIS movie in the first place -RRB- . Many scenes were done well , and I enjoyed the action sequences . The famous parents scene near the beginning brought tears to my eyes , especially when young Bruce was sitting in the police station . I 'm sensitive , but it takes a special piece of cinematography to make me feel such empathy . Setting aside typical superhero movie flaws , such as mediocre background acting and goofy little lines , Batman Begins is a fun ride and I know I 'll watch it more than once . Amazon delivered it promptly and in great condition . Hope this review was helpful ; I nitpick , but it really is a great movie and I recommend it to any Batman lover because it does the franchise justice !
 Batman Begins is a great movie that shows how he became Batman . I would say that if you do n't see this movie , than you have problems and should buy Batman Begins right know . Because it has great acting , great action sequences , A great villian , And I think all the credit goes to Director Christopher Nolan who has made a Batman movie that I actually enjoy watching over and over again . If you ever want to watch Batman , skip the Batman movie of the 80 's and 90 's and the animated tv series.Instead watch this great movie .
 The product was at full expectations , if I have any complaint it took a very long time to get here , but I believe it was because of the distance it was coming from .
 La pel&iacute;cula es la batman que a todos nos gusta y en una presentaci&oacute;n que se ve muy linda al lado del reproductor . Los extras son muy buenos incluyendo el `` Tankman ! de los MTV awards . L&aacute;stima para los que no hablamos ingl&eacute;s que los extras no traen subt&iacute;tulos .
 I grew up watching the old Batman TV series and reading the comic books , so I love Batman . This movie is actually pretty good .
 Purchased this product used and it came without a scratch was able to play it and keep it for less than it would have cost to rent it .
 Excellent movie all around . The acting , directing , special effects , etc. . . all around amazing . It is a great way to start the trilogy . The DVD arrived in great condition and timely .
 Great product for any Batman fan . Especially if you love the Nolan universe of Batman . Idk if there are any of these left out there , but if there are , jump on it !
 Very good moving , it puts a human spin on the Batman franchise . I highly recommend anyone to see this movie .
 It is a bit slow at the beginning , it gets better eventually . Overall , it is a good movie specially for kids .
 We enjoyed the movie , rented it from Amazon Prime . My review is in regard to the streaming quality of the rental , which was very poor . We rent frequently from Amazon Prime and the past 2 rentals have been glitchy and lagging . Frustrating to watch .
 very good story but it is hard to understand , so my family agree to watch all bat man movies . I think every body like its , Oh Batman
 Although this theme can never be realistic , this one gets much closer . This was the best story line of any of the previous batman movies and I think better than the &#34; The Dark Night &#34; as well .
 I have the DVD copy but wanted to watch it in Blu-Ray . I have to say it looks pretty good !
 I 'm not a fan of comic books or comic book movies and was surprised how much I enjoyed this fantasy adventure
 Epic sound and picture quality , Price was also amazing . A must have to all batman fans who loved this new trilogy .
 When you walk into a theater that holds the title BATMAN BEGINS , you better believe that that movie better accomplish or at least surpass the original . Many people have seen the 1989 version of BATMAN but there are some who thirsted for a deeper knowledge of how bruce wayne became the dark knight . Talk about thrist bein ' quenched ! This movies re-introduces you to bruce wayne , re-telling his dark event that made him , delving deeper into the history of wayne enterprises , giving the butler more of a character , and shows you how batman got all his cool gadjets , and taking you through the first adventures of the batman . This movie is a perfect collection to a great movie collection . Christopher nolan , director of MEMENTO , really outdoes himself in this one . Oh , and the scarecrow ! Fans , believe me , you wo n't be dissapointed !
 I do n't know why this Two-Disc Deluxe Edition is n't the one being sold in stores everywhere -- I did n't even realize they had released it yet until I looked for it here on Amazon.This is a great DVD . Obviously the film looks great , the transfer is perfect . I 'm sure that 's the same on the single disc . It 's the extras DVD you 're buying here and it 's well worth it . Long segments on things like the design and construction process of the Batmobile -LRB- including footage of tests and jumps -RRB- , or the design and construction of the costume . Great stuff with on-camera interviews with the director , star , writer , DP , production designer , costumer designer , etc.It 's great , I was n't disappointed.Buy it .
 This movie was flawless ! Christopher Nolan and David S. Goyer did a SPECTACULAR job with the screenplay and Christopher Nolan proved himself a fine director . Christian Bale is amazing as Bruce Wayne and a lot better than Michael Keaton -LRB- BLAGGH ! -RRB- . Bale , Gary Oldman , Cillian Murphy , and Liam Neeson are among the few who did an amazing job in this movie . The action scenes were stunning especially the chase scene with the Batmobile . Special effects were great but the sets were the best . Most of Gotham City was REAL ! You 'll learn that on the special features which are also cool cause the main menu is an INTERACTIVE COMIC BOOK ! AWESOME ! By the way depending on how much you liked the movie you should buy this edition because of the special features and the comic book which is really cool and has a picture of the V for Vendetta movie starring Hugo Weaving and Natalie Portman coming out from the creators of the Matrix . You can check out the trailer , too . I 've never been more surprised by a movie than I was when I saw Batman Begins . I walked into the theater thinking I was going to see a good action movie but I got an awesome movie with acting , special effects , music , and plot . By the way the music by Hans Zimmer who is doing the music for Pirates of the Caribbean 2 was decent . Amazing movie . Not as good as Star Wars but still a GREAT movie and a great DVD . Get this version because the comic book is worth the extra bucks . Awesome movie and way better than the originals . Batman was good but Batman Returns was HORRIBLE ! I do n't like Michael Keaton as an actor and I do n't like him as Bruce Wayne either . Jack Nicholson was not meant to be the Joker and Danny De Vito was good but not that good as The Penguin . Anyway THIS movie was awesome and is the best Batman ever .
 First off , I really liked the BATMAN in the 80s with Michael Keaton . That said , this take on Batman is just better.Why?Well , yes , they 've got CGI and a better budget to help them out and the cast is arguably more known . But the big thing is that it 's true to the actual comic books . For instance , unlike the older BATMAN , the Joker did n't kill Bruce Wayne 's parents.Also consider that big name actors chose small roles to be in this ... most notably Morgan Freeman.Action scenes are purposefully fast to make it more realistic.Character of Batman is far well-defined than in any other Batman movie . Several payoff dialogues add closure to the tale -LRB- i.e. with Katie Holmes , the homeless dude and Rutger Hauer -RRB- . Enjoy !
 The new Batman movie , the first since Joel Schumacher ruined the franchise eight years ago , can basically be divided into two separate movies . The first part plays out almost like an episode of Lost , unfortunately of the second season variety , where Bruce Wayne finds himself in the Himalaya region where he is recruited by , Henri Ducard played by Liam Neeson in full Qui-Gon Jinn mode with Wayne as his apprentice , to join his League of Shadows . And the training sessions , with its clich&eacute;d metaphors , are peppered with a younger Bruce Wayne , showing what in his life led him to this point . These flashbacks also lead to some revisionist flashbacks most notable that The Joker was not the one who killed Wayne 's parents nor did the killer even mutter the phrase , `` Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight ? `` The first act is saved by the closing fight sequence between Wayne and the villain of the first half of the film , Ra 's Al Ghul played by Ken Watanabe from The Last Samurai . It seems as if Ken was cast solely for the fight sequence because his role is quite limited in the movie.After his exile in Tibet , Wayne finally arrives back in Gotham to start the second act . It starts out slowly as Wanye starts to create his Batman alter ego with Batsuit , which we do n't get to see until an hour into the movie , and Batmobile , which is now a tank rather than the classic sports car from past incarnations of the franchise . The villain of the second act is one of my favorite from the Batman mythology , the Scarecrow , second after the Penguin . But much like how the ruined the Penguin in Batman Returns , the Scarecrow is usually seen as his alter ego , Dr. Jonathan Crane , both played by Cillian Murphy , no relation tom Eddie or Charlie , and his only rarely puts the mask on . And when he permanently turns into the Scarecrow , he only makes a small cameo in the final epic battle.In the final battle , they tie in both first and second acts well including a plot twist that I never saw coming . The acting is top notch , but that happens when your supporting cast includes Neeson , Watanabe , Micheal Caine as Alfred , Morgan Feeman as scientist Lucius Fox , and Gary Oldman as not quite yet Commissioner Gordon . Christian Bale , who I will always remember as the title character from American Psycho , is Bruce Wayne , which he does a good job at . But , like his predecessors , I really do n't think he does a god job as Batman . Katie Holmes , most known as Tom Cruise 's latest promotional tool , plays the token love interest who , like all of Batman 's love interest not named Catwoman , is one-dimentional .
 With shades of `` Ed Wood '' , the deluxe edition of `` Batman Begins '' is also another recent recall . Rumour has it that due to some rights issues with the comic book included in the set , the whole she-bang is being discontinued and recalled , suggesting this set wo n't be re-released for some time , and minus the comic book . That said , those interested should act fast . The movie is near flawless as we all know , and this would make for a great collectors item for any Bat-fan .
 -LCB- Some spoilers -RCB- : Now , I 'm not saying that all the other Batman films were that bad . But THIS ... is darker than Spiderman . Dr. Jonathan Crane -LCB- Cillian Murphy -RCB- becomes more viscious than any other villain in a Batman film as the Scarecrow . His mask shoots out a harmful fear toxin that poisons the victim and makes them imagine that they are seeing something freaky . It gets worse when the Scarecrow spreads this stuff out all across Gotham City affecting everyone , and that it would destroy itself in fear , and Batman -LCB- Christian Bale -RCB- has to stop it . Both Christian Bale and Cillian Murphy pulled off their roles quite well for one being the hero and the other as the villain . The other actors were great too , including Liam Neeson and Morgan Freeman.The movie starts with Bruce Wayne in Asia training in karate . However , when he gets back to Gotham City afterwards , it is overrun with crime . Then , he finds a batcave under a hole in the ground where he fell when he was just a child . This is where he decides to become what he is
 Finally they got batma begins right from Bruce Wayne to Ra 's AL Gul and Alfred . I like how the movie is centred around bruce and how he becomes batman . Alfred did a good job on by telling bruce to do n't waste your father 's name everyone did a good job on the film.The best film of the year
 They got it ! Other than BATMAN
 I did n't know what to expect when I bought this , I 'd heard good reviews ... but another remake ? I loved the Tim Burton version , especially the Prince soundtrack . The colours and sound made it funky.The background info on how Bruce took on the bat persona made it interesting , and how he did n't get the mandatory girl , kept his dark , brooding character more believable . I had the surround sound system pumping -- the batmobile sounded awesome . Highly recommended.SPOILER
 Batman gets a bad rap in comics and movies as a supposedly `` dark '' hero . But really , like the criminal elements he haunts , so many people have missed the point . Batman is not dark . He 's about justice , helping people , protecting the innocent , and stopping the guilty . His dark image is just how he chooses to become a larger than life `` supernatural '' force against crime , but it 's merely a tool to fight evil . Anyone who misses that does n't understand Batman at all.I HATED Tim Burton 's Batman interpretations . To begin with , the bad guys were more important than Batman . True , they 're complex characters and a lot of fun to watch , but the movies did a lousy job of that , too . A bunch of loonies running around in funny costumes is not what superheroes are about.This film understands that . It begins slow , presenting a very real , very damaged Gotham City . The same could be said for Bruce Wayne . His development from spoiled richboy to force of justice is both believable and larger than life . A very neat trick.The cast is perfect , especially Gary Oldman as Jim Gordon who finally gets to be the good cop he never got to be in the TV or movies . And the script solid . The only bad thing about it -LRB- -1 star -RRB- is the clumsy action scenes , which can be difficult to follow . Still , a great rendition that I was overjoyed to finally see made .
 After the first four Batman movies sucked , I was a little hesitant about seeing this . After seeing it , I said , `` Either I 'm on pot , or this is the best superhero movie of all time . '' Good thing I 'm not on pot.Not only is it fun and exciting , it was very well done . The camera work -LRB- mostly hand-held -RRB- was excellent . The lighting was dark and perfect for the world of Batman . The editing was superb . Even the special effects were good.This is the Batman movie I was waiting for.Yes , Spiderman 2 was good and X2 was pretty good , but this one was still so much better . I personally prefer the D.C. comics over the Marvel .
 A REAL Batman film ! BB junks all 4 of the previous films which , including the first , were little more than travesty to true Batman fans ; they played with the legend , departed radically from the comic books , created stuff that never `` existed , '' involved scores of implausable-even-at-comic-book-level situations and characters , had villians that were more strange and/or stupid than menacing , pityable dialogue , and worst of all , made you endure musical interludes -LRB- well , the first one , anyway -RRB- . BB strips away all the crap and gives us Batman the way he should be portrayed in the Dark Knight era . It 's got a telented cast , a razor-sharp script , and a followable plot that 's totally in synch with the legend . Yeah , the film has a few flaws -- particularly a certain so-called `` actress '' in a semi-key role -- but for the most part , it 's entertaining and dead-on in its portrayals . Bale and Oldman are real standouts in particular , The next in the series oughta be great !!
 I enjoyed every moment of this movie . It followed the comic to true form and added a little spice with the Rash Al Goul character . I wish they would have added more about the Joker in the next film . But hopefully they make the Joker as badass as the Batman . The man behind the Bat was an excellent choice and having Chicago as Gotham City was a plus .
 As a young child , i remember seeing batman returns in theaters . I being only 8 years old and not knowing much about batman or the back issues of the comics , fell in love with the story and the idea of a normal man dressing up like a bat to fight crime . Sadly though , i was only hooked up in the flash and dazzle of the movies and tv , and not with the core story of batman.As i got older , i desided to re visit the batman films of the 90 's and to my disapointment , these films were alot worse then i remember . i distinctly remember thinking , `` wow , these films are for kids '' and they were , espically the later 2 films . Burtons take on batman now seemed unworldly and gothic , were the other films seemed like the campy 60s tv show with better special effect . In all , out of 4 films , not one managed to really capture the story and emotional pull of batman , and just treated him as if bruce wayne just one day awoke and said `` gee , ill dress up like a bat `` Then came batman begins , a film i followed since the pre production stages . When i herd that batman would be alot more realistic , i thought , wow what a great idea.It worked for the xmen , why not take a respectful , realistic aproach for batman?and to my suprise , it worked , and worked extremly well . For once we 're told why and how bruce wayne became batman , why he desided to dress up like a bat and how he got `` those wonderful toys '' . And for once , he was the focus of the movie , and not the villian . Also , the villians werent overly flamboyant , or wearing silly cosutumes , but were done well and believable . Scarcrows mask isnt just for show , same as the bat suit . Each has its purpose . Also , the action isnt over the top matrix style nonsense . Ive often found myself chringing at the fight scenes as people are sent flying and end up hurt.As for the story , pure genus . It takes its cues from the best of the batman graphic novels , and yet combines them together to form a well thoughout and told story that shines new light on batman and his motives for what and why he does what he does.overall forget the 90 's batman . there last centuries take on the dark night . If you wana see the real batman , check out batman begins .
 Director Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento & Insomnia -RRB- and star Christian Bale -LRB- The Machinist -RRB- resurrect the popular caped crusader in the remarkable summer blockbuster `` Batman Begins '' . After the tragic loss of his parents , young Bruce Wayne -LRB- Bale -RRB- travels the world to understand the criminal underworld and learns the means to fight injustice . With a striking new disguise and some high-tech gadgets , his dark alter-ego Batman begins his quest to protect Gotham City from crime and corruption . `` Batman Begins '' is one of the finest comic book adaptations to hit the big screen . The movie avoids the colorful silliness and the bland one-liners that deteriorated the `` Batman '' franchise . This impressive comic book movie contains a well structured and engrossing plot , solid emotional depth , dazzling action sequences and fine performances . Christian Bale is certainly engaging as the emotionally tortured Bruce Wayne . The all-star cast also includes Liam Neeson , Michael Cane , Katie Holmes , Gary Oldman , Ken Wantanabe and Morgan Freeman.If you already purchased `` Batman Begins '' on HD DVD then you might be disappointed that Blu-Ray holds no big surprises . `` Batman Begins '' is presented in its theatrical 2.40:1 widescreen format . The picture quality is the same as the previous HD DVD release but is still an excellent transfer . Its 5.1 Dolby TrueHD Dolby sound offers a great home theater experience . The special features are the same as in the previous 2-disc DVD and HD DVD versions . They include eight short behind-the-scenes featurettes that deeply explore the making of the 2005 blockbuster , a few picture galleries and its theatrical trailer . `` Tankman Begins '' is a funny spoof of the film that was broadcasted during the 2005 MTV Movie Awards . With such terrific presentation and worthy extras , `` Batman Begins '' gets a solid `` A '' .
 This was THE best movie in 2005 , hands down . Christian Bale does an incredible job as Bruce Wayne and the Dark Knight , his supporters like Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine really shine , and the storyline is true to the original series . Anyone who likes good movies should watch it , even if you 're not a ` comic book nut ' or action fan . It 's the only movie I paid twice to see in theaters this year , and that 's saying something because I never go to the theater !
 In my opinion , no one can top the Batman movies that Tim Burton directed . However , Tim Burton aside , this was the best Batman movie ever and I ca n't wait for the next one . First of all , it actually had good actors in it . I think Keaton is the best Batman/Wayne but Bale did very well . Kilmer was n't that great and Clooney was the worst choice of Batman EVER . Caine was perfect as Alfred -LRB- though I will miss Michael Gough -RRB- and Gary Oldman -LRB- a great actor anyway -RRB- reminded me exactly of Gordon from the animated series from the 90 's . Also , the addition of Liam Neeson and Morgan Freeman was just amazing . Secondly , the storyline was awesome ; they went the best way about it . It brought the dark back in the Dark Knight and showed the origins and training with the ninjas . It set up the process of designing the suit and Batcave . And also showed how actually frightening bats can be . Lastly , the bad guys . The scarecrow was a perfect villain to have and a great addition to the Joker -LRB- Nicholson -RRB- , Catwoman -LRB- Pfeiffer -RRB- , and the Penguin -LRB- DeVito -RRB- and was actually somewhat scary . Poison Ivy -LRB- Uma Thurman being the only good actor in Batman & Robin -RRB- and Harvey `` Two-Face '' Dent are left out of that list because of just how crappy Batman Forever and Batman & Robin were -LRB- correction -- are -RRB- . And the Riddler is left out because Jim Carrey played him too much like the Joker , however Carrey would have been a great Joker he is not a great Riddler . The one thing I did n't like about the movie was the ass-ugly Batmobile and I seem to be the only one who thinks it is ugly , however , it had all the cool gadgets that are complete Batman style . Over all ... f *** ing great movie . I recommend for all -LRB- whether you are a fan or not -RRB- . And thank god he did n't just whip out a spray whenever he was in a hang-up .
 Any fan will tell you that when Tim Burton announced that Michael Keaton was his Batman , there were gasps of disbelief and horror . Tim Burton and Michael Keaton , however , made us believers . After the first two movies , Burton and Keaton had the good sense to move on before the inevitable
 The '05 Warner Bros. release ` Batman Begins ' is an excellent addition to the previous four Batman flims and not only extends the Batman mythos into the 21st century but also provides us with an in-depth look into the early years of Bruce Wayne 's physical and psychological formation . Now we can finally comprehend the life altering experiences and intense training required to become the fearless Caped Crusader.Christian Bale stars as a deeply driven , complusive-obsessive anti-hero unlike any Batman you 've seen before him . A man seemingly on the edge of madness held together only by his thrist for revenge against the insideous evil that took his parents lives when he was only a boy . This is a Batman you can sink your teeth into . The overt comedic elements of the previous Batman films is nowhere to be found in ` Batman Begins . ' For this Batman evil is n't funny.Get ready for the next generation in comic book superheroes , marvellous special effects , strong script and a cast to die for ; Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman , Katie Holmes , Cillian Murphy and Michael Caine as Alfred the butler .
 One thing movie makers are starting to learn is that you can start a series anywhere in the timeline of the story , and then go back and fill it in . In the late '70s , it was a gamble for George Lucas . Now it is priven fact , and a true monument to his genius and creativity . This film is another example , and with a cast to match!I loved the casting of this movie . Christian Bale outperforms the Cloonies and others who have tried to portray the most entertaiing action hero - Batman , and his second Bruce Wayne . He restored the character to my most favorite potrayal by Micheal Keaton -LRB- who will always be `` Batman '' -RRB- . He even looks somewhat like him , which adds to the prequel format of the film.The plot is wonderfully written , and is a trbute to the writers , producers , and directors , who put in the time to make it a spectacular story that will be watched and enjoyed over and over , which makes it a wonderful value in the world of movies.A great film for any collection . What more can I say !
 I really enjoy the comic book movies . Some of have been done very well like , the Spiderman movies , and the X-men movies , but then some have not exactly hit the mark like , The Fantastic 4 , and Daredevil . Batman Begins absolutly deserves to be in the class of super hero movies that have been done well.I confess that I was a little leary about watching this movie . I really enjoyed the original Batman movie with Michael Keaton , and I thought the second movie -LRB- michael keaton as well -RRB- was quirkey but enjoyable . But after these two the batman movies were honestly not that good.The cool thing about the first two batmans was the fact that they did not try to hide that these were comic book inspired films . They were kind of like live movies that resembled animation . It was n't believable , but I do n't think it was suppossed to be . The last two Batmans , took the comic book animated look to a new level , and it just did n't work.Recently with the X-men movies we saw a new style of comic book movies being made in a more believable , less comic book style format , and that format for the most part has created a better movie . With the creation of the Spiderman movies I believed the format hit perfection . The super hero movie was n't going to get any better.After watching Batman Begins I have changed my mind . I think that this movie edges out Spiderman 2 , by a hair . The action and story is just as good as Spiderman , but the evil enemies in Batman are scarier than Spiderman.The cast in the movie is great . Katie Holmes , Christian Bale , Morgan Freeman , and Liam Neison play great parts . But my favorite actor in the movie was Michael Caine , who does a superb job as Alfred.And the most surprising role in the movie was Gary Oldman . Until this movie I had never seen Oldman in anything but the villain , but he plays a great supporting character to Batman.The only thing I disliked about the movie , was the fight scenes were a little confusing to watch.This is a great movie !
 I am a big fan of all the Batman movies . `` Batman , '' `` Batman Reutrns , '' `` Batman Forever , '' and `` Batman and Robin . '' i loved all of them , and this movie is no exception . This movie bassically completes the series in telling the story of how batman came to be . Its great and if u are a fan of the Batman movies or just Batman in general you should definetly see this movie . The plot and story in this movie is probably better than all the rest , the action is very cool and you will really get sucked into the dark world of Gotham . The only problem that i had with it was that i wanted to see more of the villians of gotham , but the scarecrow was pretty scary and i guess all the other movies show the other villians . My favorite Batman has always been George Clooney ... that was until i saw this movie , Christian Bale did an excellent job !
 My Grandson and I loved the movie . Thanks for the great bargain .
 Just when you think that the Batman franchise was dead , in comes a new film to give the franchise a breathe of fresh air . `` Batman Begins '' takes the story of the superhero Batman right to the beginning . The viewer sees what lead Bruce Wayne to become Batman and not in just brief flashback scenerios . The first 45 minutes of the film goes into great detail to how Bruce Wayne acquired the skills that he knows as Batman through his rigorous training with Liam Neeson 's character Henri Ducard . In the begining , one ca n't help notice the similiarities between Henri and Liam 's character in `` Star Wars I
 The past Batman movies have been mostly disappointments for me , so I did n't bother to see this one in the theater . Last week , my father gave the DVD to me as a present . I did n't expect much , so I was really surprised and pleased to see that this is actually a movie and not an exercise in foolishness.First of all , the character of Batman is really well developed . In previous movies , the idea of Bruce Wayne dressing up as Batman never seemed believable , but in this film , the steps toward becoming Batman are well outlined . If you 're looking for a good Batman movie , this is the best one yet .
 Rarely does a movie live up to its hype . This is one of the exceptions.If you did n't catch this movie in theatres buy it now . It 's not only as good as you 've heard , it 's actually even better . For the first time , a Batman film has succeeded completely in capturing all of the elements of the fabled comic book character while also producing a Batman that seems fully grounded in reality.Let 's face it , though the Tim Burton Batman movies have a large and devoted following , those movies are ultimately less about the Dark Knight and more about Burton 's ongoing fascination with offbeat characters and the bizarre . Joel Schumacher 's `` Batman Forever '' was an enjoyable if overly campy romp but by `` Batman & Robin '' this series had collapsed under the weight of too many villains , sidekicks , and corny dialogue . It 's telling that on the recent DVD special edition of that film even Schumacher admits that movie stunk and issues a public apology for running this series into the ground.This meant that `` Batman Begins '' director Chris Nolan had a hell of a task on his hands when he took the reins of this film
 The newest movie of Batman is the darkest and the best of any movie that has the Dark Knight sweeping off of roof tops onto bad guys who never really seem to learn how to point a gun right . Anway a star studded cast and possible one of the best evil plots ever to be put on screen gives this wild ride a perfect score ... Batman Begins does not have the well known comical evil villians that everyone knows about ; Two Face , The Joker , Poison Ivy , The Penguin , and perhaps the biggest cliche of them all , Robin , do not appear in this movie . However there is one character who does appear that really does n't have that much publicity as the others do , and his name is the Scarecrow . Its really creepy how he plays a role in this movie.Let me just make it clear , that not having all those evil guys in the movie is NOT a bad thing . In fact that is one of the reasons why Batman Begins actually works rather than watching Danny Devito rise up out of a crater in the floor . Christain Bale -LSB- who plays Batman -RSB- gets a chance to dwelve into character more and we can relate to seeing someone who has a rough past trying to make a good future for him and everyone else in Gotham City.The plot goes like this -LSB- Do n't worry , no spoilers -RSB- After the death of his parents , Bruce Wayne goes on a trip around the world , trying to find his own inner self while also looking at the way the criminal mind works and how to conquer evil . This eventually leads him to prison in a foreign country , I think it was China , and he is left there to rot basically.Liam Neeson plays a mysterious man named Ducard , who arrives at the prison to offer Wayne a chance to become someone that can fight evil in a secret brotherhood known as the League of Shadows . -LSB- The movie does a great scenery shoot of snowy mountains and rugged terrain and the music is just excellently placed in the right tone with it . -RSB- Meanwhile Gotham City is like Chicago in the 1920 's but just a few times worse . Corrupt cops and businessmen , and also crime lords rule the city . Katie Holmes plays Rachel Dawes , a district attorney , one of the few that 's actually fair and not corrupt . She starts to realize that some thing big is starting to happen to Gotham.A lot of flashy camera work and dramatic music really help this Batman movie to really shine on its own . As Wayne comes home and starts building a secret hideout for Batman he starts to see just how badly his city has turned into . Morgan Freeman plays Lucious Fox , a weapons designer who spends countless hours perfecting spyware and weapons vehicles . His services help Batman out more than once in the movie.The plot takes twist after twist . Double crosses , and killing sprees are to be expected , as well as poisonous gasses that make people hallucinate . As puzzle clues start to come together the plot just gets that much more captivating.I will say the main bad guy is a surprise -LSB- it was for me -RSB- and the ending is dramatic and nail biting as the entire city is on the verge of chaos -LSB- But how and why are two things I am afraid you will have to watch and see for yourself . -RSB- I might also add that Michale Caine does a wonderful job as Wayne 's always reliable butler . A great supporting actor if I ever did see one . So many great actors , one great evil scheme , and a great dark tone in the movie gives this a five star rating from me , so go out and buy it now !
 It took a long 8 years but it was worth the wait . Batman Begins was everything that the first film should have been . Even though I prefer the first slightly better , this movie comes a very close second . The tone of the film is serious but not too serious . The film has it 's dark moments but it is nowhere near as dark as `` Returns . '' It 's awesome to see Bruce evolve into the Batman right before our eyes and finally establish himself as the saviour of gotham . Ca n't wait to see the next movie with The Joker . Let the new Bat-Era begin !!
 Batman has been brought back to full life and over powers all the rest except the fist one , because I 'm still a fan of the first Batman but this one is purely fun and exciting with satisfaction written all over it . Christian Bale -LRB- American Psycho -RRB- jumps into the role as Bruce Wayne , who has had a fear of bats all his life . His father Thomas Wayne , played by actor Linus Roache -LRB- The Forgotten -RRB- and his wife were killed by a thug . Wayne grows up in the hands of Alfred Pennyworth , played superbly by Michael Caine -LRB- Get Carter -RRB- . Years later the thug that killed his parents is found not guilty and is shot coming out of the court room . So , Bruce Wayne turns to the life of crime and ends up in a prison camp where later he meets a man named Henri Ducard , played nicely by Liam Neeson -LRB- Kingdom Of Heaven -RRB- , who tells Bruce Wayne that he can become a `` legend '' . So , Bruce Wayne goes to the temple of Ra 's Al Ghul , played by Ken Wantanabe -LRB- The Last Samurai -RRB- , and begins his training but Ra 's Al Ghul has devious things in plan which Wayne doesnt want to be apart of , so Wayne fights his way out of there saving Ducard 's life . So , Wayne returns from being gone 7 years and his father 's company being run by another man , who is played by Rutger Hauer -LRB- Sin City -RRB- . Plus , Gotham City is corrupt all over by the hands of Falcone , played with a overhammed Tom Wilkinson -LRB- Rush Hour -RRB- . Wayne 's childhood sweetheart Rachel , played by Katie Holmes -LRB- The Gift -RRB- is on the verge of getting rid of Falcone and his scum . Enter Dr. Jonathan Crane , played with balls by Cillian Murphy -LRB- Red Eye -RRB- , who puts on a orangish sack over his face spraying his victims with a powder substance that the victim can see what they fear ... his villain name is called The Scarecrow . Soon , Wayne becomes Batman ... a very buff Batman with help from his father 's friend Lucious Fox , a very groovy Morgan Freeman -LRB- Million Dollar Baby -RRB- and Wayne also has the help from cop Cheif Gordon , played by Gary Oldman -LRB- State Of Grace -RRB- . Soon , Wayne finds out that the baddies are trying to poison the water supply and an old friend is behind it all . Fast , fierce and exciting ... much , much better then 1997 's Batman and Robin which was a big disappointment with the Batman suit having nipples and Clooney 's unconvincing performance . Bale makes his role his own putting a twist on it and he works it out perfectly . Also starring Mark Boone Juinor -LRB- Se7en -RRB- as Gordon 's corrupt partner .
 Batman Begins is a reinventing of Bob Kane 's original comic book hero , and it is generally a successful transition into the 21st century with some nice wrinkles and updates . The comic book hero from D.C. Comics has captured the imagination of the public in print , television , and film . Director Christopher Nolan 's vision cleverly takes threads of the original story and merges them with unique twists and turns.The wealthy Wayne family of Gotham City is well lauded , and young son , Bruce , lives an idyllic , pampered life with childhood friend Rachel . A chance accident lands him in a cave of bats which begins a cycle of trauma that will culminate in the murder of his parents in the city streets . A wayward , lost soul , Bruce -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- grows into a young man who remains distant despite the support of family butler , Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- . Seeking meaning in his life , he travels the streets of the world to understand the criminal elements until a fateful meeting in Asia with a mentor , Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who beckons Wayne to a temple/fortress in a remote mountain . There , he meets a group of avengers who have great fighting skills and unyielding , harsh justice . Bruce learns from Ducard to shed his inner fears of bats and harness the feelings of his parents ' death . As Wayne masters his physical and mental prowess , his sense of humanity ultimately collides with the shadow group 's ruthless sense of justice.Wayne returns to and assimilates into Gotham City as a ` millionaire playboy ' who secretly assumes the symbol of a bat to fight crime as Batman . In a city of increasing corruption and crime enters crime lord Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- and his cohort , Dr. Jonathan Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- whose alter ego , Scarecrow , will figure in an ever complicated plot . With support from Rachel -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- , who works for the District Attorney , and Detective Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- , Wayne also finds within his corporation an advanced weapons division overseen by Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- who helps to arm Batman with state of the art body armor and sophisticated devices . As Batman commences his crime fighting , Scarecrow and ultimately a figure from Wayne 's past will threaten Gotham with ultimate doom.This film stakes a claim to its own vision and resists previous , formulaic blueprints like Spiderman for depicting super heroes . With the most recent Batman films reducing the franchise to an uninspired shadow of its former self , someone had sense enough to let visionary director Nolan -LRB- Momento , Insomnia -RRB- have a crack at it . He has a great knack for incorporating his nightmarish imagery and integrated flashbacks into a brooding , dark exploration of human paranoia , memories and fear . Nolan cleverly traumatizes young Wayne with bats which ironically will be his salvation.This is a different kind of narrative with more mood , psychological depth , and deliberate pacing . When Batman appears from above , it is an iconic vision of terror and swift justice , the perfect distillation of urban redemption in the guise of a bat facing down evil . Comic book aficionados will revel in a faithful rendering that stays true to the original 's roots and at the same time pays homage to recent updates like the critically acclaimed , Frank Miller 's The Dark Knight . Fans will also be amused at the new interpretations and somewhat poetic license taken on such established conventions as the bat cave , the bat signal , the coming to be of future Commissioner Gordon , and Alfred the butler . It is refreshing that the hero and villains are not really superhuman like Superman but rather ordinary people who are driven by a psychological bent.The only real letdown is that while it starts out on a promising path , it degenerates into a conventional , by-the-numbers action formula in the last fifteen minutes . The story , which admittedly takes its good time to unfold , starts to run out of steam and momentum about three quarters of the way through and drags a bit until the revved up end . One could almost forgive the obvious teaser at the end which is a deliberate setup for a future sequel . It 's ironic that as much as the filmmakers tried to make Batman plausible and grounded in reality , there are credibility gaps especially towards the end . In one scene , Gordon attempts to operate the Bat vehicle , and it just does n't ring true . A fight aboard an elevated train -LRB- and earlier fight scenes -RRB- is at best standard fare.Christian Bale -LRB- The Machinist -RRB- has been perceived as a rising talent whose persona is that of dark intensity ; who better to portray the Dark Knight ? He is surrounded by an exceptional supporting cast . Caine is effortlessly stoic . It is amusing in one scene to see both veteran pros like he and Freeman counsel Bale . Liam Neeson is good as a mentor but he is in danger of being typecast in these kinds of roles . Oldman is cast against type and quite effectively as a good cop . Ken Watanabe -LRB- The Last Samurai -RRB- as the leader of the temple is not given much to do unfortunately.The luscious musical score by committee is appropriately strong and heroic without leaning on a catchy title theme as previous Batman scores have popularized e.g. Nelson Riddle on TV and Danny Elfman in film . The art direction and set design are impressive in their own interpretation of Gotham City compared to the earlier Tim Burton films which set a new standard.By the climax , you root for the film to fulfill its promise but it does n't quite succeed . Although successes like X Men and Spiderman are good examples of mainstream , pop hero entertainment , the makers of Batman Begins for the most part have raised the super hero film to an art film , and that 's not a bad thing .
 I do n't want to be critical of Tim Burtons `` Batman '' with Michael Keaton as the first caped crusader , which was fresh , dark and engaging when it first hit the screen , but this is better.Christian Bale brings vehemence to the role not seen before in my opinion , and although the story suffers -LRB- like all first installments -RRB- of a good deal of story explanation the end result is arguably the best Batman flick to date.Bruce Wayne , as the story goes , witnesses his billionaire parents being murdered and after finding no peace through adolescence into young adulthood sees what slender grips he has on truth and justice vanish as their murderer looks set to walk after an early parole.Disillusioned with the rising crime and general lawless mob rule in Gotham , he seeks anonymity and sets off to the Far East to witness the criminal mind , and lifestyle first hand , ending up embittered in a hell hole prison somewhere in the middle of nowhere.Enter at this point Liam Neeson -LRB- in another mentor role -RRB- who takes the raw and angry Wayne and subjects him to a tortuous training regime high in the mountains , in the hopes to enlist him into the `` League of Shadows '' a group of Ninja exponents thinly disguised as vigilantes , with some rather extreme methods and ideas on justice.After completion of his training , Wayne however , turns Neeson and his goons down and returns to Gotham to set about administering his own brand of justice to the decadent masses . With the help of his butler Alfred -LRB- played very ably by Michael Caine -RRB- and Morgan Freeman as a scientist working for Wayne Industries , he creates Batman , and then the story really begins to unfurl.This is a very good movie , and considering the talent on display is not -LRB- I 'm happy to say -RRB- a CGI festival or cartoon revenge story . Gary Oldman , Rutger Hauer , Ken Watanabe as well as those already mentioned are well cast in their respective roles , and there is a real polished feel to the whole picture.If I had to make one complaint it would be the new techniques used in close quarter fight choreography that seem to be the norm these days . Very quick and choppy , may be realistic , but it does nothing for the eye , and in some ways reminds me of older movie special effects that were always filmed in low lighting to hide the stunt work.Other than that , just about everything is here , villains a plenty , the necessary love interest , and the whole story told anew , with a fresh approach that seems to stay faithful to the DC comics creation . I actually forgot about the other Batman movies while watching which is testament to the production here . Will Batman thwart the bad guys and save the day ? - you 'll have to see for yourself . I for one ca n't wait for the next installment . Great Movie ! - Enjoy !
 Now this is strange . Why did it take so long for this to be done right ? I 'll completely disregard the last two Bat-flicks and jump right in by saying that ` Batman Begins ' could be one of the best films so far this year.It 's by far the best in the series.We meet two kids in a dream . Bruce and Rachael . They 're doing what kids do ... although after Bruce falls through a covered well in the family greenhouse , his life is radically changed.Bruce -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- , now much older , awakens in a prison in some unnamed country -LRB- the credits say Iceland -RRB- where he 's been researching the criminal underworld by ` becoming ' like them . By seeing how they act . He meets Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson , pitch-perfect -RRB- and is released with the knowlage that if he follows Ducard 's invitation , he may find peace to whatever he 's looking for.Bruce climbs to the summit of the cold mountains to Ducard 's home , a monstrous mansion to where no roads lead . He meetsRa 's al-Ghoul , a man `` greatly feared by the criminal underworld . '' Under Ducard 's training , Bruce becomes a great fighter , a warrier of seemingly ancient techniques . -LRB- All of this is edited together with such speed it 's hard to believe forty minutes go by . -RRB- The movie takes its time
 Batman begins is a good movie . It answers several questions for those who have not read the DC series -LRB- i.e. . Why `` bats '' ? , Why are all the bad guys escaped from Arkam ? , Where does Bruce Wayne get his cool crime fighting gadgetry ? , etc. -RRB- . The stunts are great . The bat-suit and utility belt are still imaginative . The bat-cape is still too cool ! And , I want to park my '70s muscle car and drive this bat mobile -LRB- unlike the tiresome cars in the previous 4 flicks -RRB- ! Bale is great as the Caped one . Caine , Freeman , and Hauer are memorable in supporting action.The movie really takes off after the first 30 minutes of Zen-Judo weirdness . The prison and ninja fights scenes are dull and boring - bordering on silly -LRB- as usual with martial arts stuff -RRB- . Take a Date to this movie , you 'll both enjoy it .
 Batman Begins
 I know that a lot of people think that the Tim Burton Batman movies are masterpieces , but I did n't like them . And it is true that Batman and Robin was pretty stupid and hackneyed . I basically thought that the Batman series was dead , but then Batman Begins provided a fresh outlook on the whole Batman concept.This movie tells the origin of Batman , a subject that no previous Batman movie had whole-heartedly attempted to do . In the movie , a young Bruce Wayne falls down a well and is frightened by bats , establishing a chronic phoebia . His fear of bats leads him to persuade his parents to exit an opera that they are attending featuring bat-like costumes . Tragically , Bruce witnesses his parents being mugged and shot to death in the alley outside the theater and blames himself for their deaths . Their killer is caught and imprisoned but Bruce can not allay his angust . Several years later he travels to Asia to understand the criminal mind . There he meets Ducard , who trains him to control his fear and anger . Bruce takes these skills back to Gotham and becomes Batman . And in Gotham , he finds that he really has his work cut out for him ... I thought that the actors in this movie were well cast . Christian Bale carefully balances Batman as a strong hero who has dark inner troubles . His Bruce Wayne is young , consequential , and above all a inheritor of the powerful Wayne name . Katie Holmes was also fitting as Rachael , a childhood friend of Bruce 's and a future love interest . She was at times a damsel in distress , yet still a firmly grounded force to be reckoned with . Liam Neison was great as the mysterious mentor Ducard , and Morgan Freeman -LRB- Fox -RRB- and Michael Caine -LRB- Alfred -RRB- both served as perfect father figures for Bruce.Finally , the plot was one of the best that I have seen in a Batman movie . The main motiff of the movie is fear . Batman learns to use fear to his advantage , while others fall victim to the Scarcrow 's hallucingenic toxin that causes them to be tortured by their personal demons . The villians in the movie are well characterized and conduct their devious plans with the uptmost guile . As the movie progress , the viewers sees Batman 's accretion as a hero and will be routing for him to win in the end . This is an action packed movie with a get hero and even a more austere yet still powerful Batmobile.This movie ends by adumbrating that sequels are in the works . I sure hope that this is true because if Batman has such a promising begining , I ca n't wait to see where the journey will take him , even if future movies involve re-inventing characters that are present in existing Batman movies . Let 's hope that Batman 's legend will continue for years to come .
 All right , I do admit a like for the first four , but this one knocks them all out of the running . This is how Batman was meant to be seen . It is the closest thing to the dark cartoon series , and the comics , I have seen . The size is giagantic , and makes you feel surrounded as you watch . Christian Bale is perfect for this role , he has an underlying tension , that makes all of his characters verge on psychotic , and a few actually were , but for Batman , it was perfect . The ability to get so many well known names to come across as these characters believably is wonderful , and makes you care about all aspects of Gotham City . As long as Chris -LRB- Nolan -RRB- stays on this same wave length with the rest , Batman will never die .
 While Batman Forever focused on the psychology of destruction and human emotion 's justification power , the psychology , or rather , mental illness , of Batman Begins shows the power of mental thought in healthy individuals -LRB- no body problems or mental disorders that prevent ordinary function with humans or travel -RRB- and also recorded that feeling when applied to the sense of the unknown.Hence Batman is a rogue warrior trying to be different from all other fighters . The movie portrays him as a man trapped in China trying to find his way to his soul . He will do anything to mess up his mind and life to get to the ultimate form of combat . He trains with a group known as the League of Shadows -LRB- with the excellent Liam Neeson -RRB- and even learns how to get along with them . At the end , in a surprise , he breaks free of them and kills them all -LRB- by accident or by skill -RRB- in an explosion , saving Neeson , who is his trainer . The skill of teaching must be respected in this case.However , that is the most -LRB- or least -RRB- Batman , played by the excellent Christian Bale , will allow . He will preserve the art and skill of a fighting technique , but otherwise trusts entirely to gadgets , and of course , Wayne Enterprises and his luxurious outfit . However , his fearless devotion to being seen as mentally unstable yet accomplishing his goal is something to be lauded for sure.The film 's main antagonist is an insane lawyer who locks people up in Arkham Asylum , scene of most of the villains ' demise in the cartoons , if you 're a fan of those . While I 've not read the comics , I do know that the movies are gently entertaining , and do n't dispute with them , nor conceive of something better or worse . What 's interesting is his use of a spray that makes all those who breathe it fearful of everyone around them . Then a fight ensues of a different kind on the island where the asylum is located . Batman has trained himself for this moment and has an antidote , and it 's here where the fighter 's skills show up.Trained to be aware of the fear , not just merely know it , and capable of making his enemies ten times better at fighting him due to his weakness , his ultimate awareness leads not to boredom , but to insight . His ultimate insight
 Batman has really never been a great superhero movie franchise , but he 's always been a great superhero because he has to do his stuff without superpowers , and is willed by choice more than anything else . Batman Begins is one of the best movies ever at exploring how a superhero becomse a superhero . The darkness one probably would have to go through , as well as the training and experiences , are depicted very well.Christain Bale is the best Batman and Bruce Wayne ever on screen . Cillian Murphy is wicked as the devious Scarcrow , and Michael Kane and Liam Neason perform their respective roles of influence well . On the other hand this is one of the few movies I 've seen that Morgan Freeman failed to really impress me , and Katie Holms as Bruce 's love interest is average at best . The only other real downside to this movie is it 's really not a great storyline with a few too many major villans and some confusion towards the end . The actions scenes are terrific , and the new Batmobile is the coolest yet.The best superhero movies for me are still Superman 1 and 2 and Spiderman 2 . Batman Begins is the best Batman by default that none of the others were really that good . What one has to respect about this movie is it 's so widely accessable . You can know absolutely nothing about Batman , and still understand and enjoy this . It 's great entertainment despite some of its weaknesses .
 In my opinion , Batman Begins is the best Batman movie ever made . Christian Bale plays the role of Bruce Wayne superbly . I also think he portrays the Batman character as well as any of the past previous stars -LRB- Michael Keaton , George Clooney & Val Kilmer -RRB- . As with most Batman movies of the past , this one begins with a young Bruce Wayne witnessing both his parents being murdered in cold blood.At a very young age , he vows to devote his life to fighting crime.After spending time in some sort of prison facility , Bruce meets up with Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who introduces him to martial arts . After mastering martial arts , Bruce is now slated to lead a group of ninjas , with the consent of Henri Ducard . His initiation consists of his killing a past criminal.Bruce decides this is not the way he wants to fight crime . In turn , he decides to fight the very group he 's trained with for so long . This does not please Henri Ducard at all.After a brief battle , Bruce ends up out of the group . With no where to turn , Bruce finds his way back to his hometown , Gotham City . It is here where he meets childhood sweetheart , Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- . It is also here that he decides to come up with the Batman gimmick.With Gotham City in such disarray , Bruce is determined to bring the city back to respectability by fighting crime . This is his passion.Once Bruce becomes Batman , he eventually goes head to head with Dr. Jonathan Crane , a real mask-wearing psycho , played by Cillian Murphy . Dr. Crane , better known as `` The Scarecrow '' is a big-time drug dealer that has been running rough-shod over the competition.Let the battles begin.The cast in this movie consists of such veterans as Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , Rutger Hauer & Gary Oldman.Caine plays the part of Alfred very well . Morgan Freeman plays the part of Lucius Fox , who introduces Bruce Wayne to the batmobile . He is memorable in this role as a good guy.On the other hand , Rutger Hauer plays bad guy Earle , who has been running The Wayne Foundation ever-since the murder of Bruces ' parents . He will do anything and everything to stay in this position . But boy does Bruce foil his plan when he returned to Gotham City.Gary Oldman plays good-cop , Jim Gordon , who helps Batman in any way he can . Nice to see Oldman in this role.Lots of good action and fight scenes follow in this very-good remake of Batman.This is a must see for any Batman follower .
 THIS FILM IS GREAT BECAUSE IT ERASES THAT LAST INSTALLMENT WITH GEORGE CLOONEY AS THE BATMAN WITH ALL THE BICARIOUS WEAKEN-WATERED DOWN VERISON OF THE HERO WE ALL KNOW AND LOVE . I LOVE TO BE ENTERTAINED BUT WHEN YOUR INTERPETING SOMETHING TRY TO KEEP IT SIMPLE AND NOT LIBRITIZE THE FIGURE OR THING YOU INTERPETATION . AND THAT 'S WHY I THINK NOLAN & GOYER DID SUCH AS GREAT JOB AS KEEPING IT SIMPLE AND TRUE TO WHAT BATMAN IS , WAS AND EVER WILL BE A MAN AND MAY HAVE SOME HELP ELSE WHERE DOWN THE LINE BUT DO N'T TRY N PLAY THE UP . CUZ TRUE FANS KNOW WHOM BAT 'S IS MAN . THIS MOVIE IS GREAT BECAUSE IT TAKES BATMAN TO A MORE HUMAN LEVEL THAN BURTON/SHUMAKER 'S VERISON EVER DID . SO I THINK ALSO WITH OTHER INFLUENCES FROM THE COMICS WIT ADDED A LANDSCAPE OF FOUNDATION TO CREATE A CONCRETE FIGURE CLOSER TO ICON WE KNOW AND LOVE . SO I GIVE THEM 5 STARS ON THIS FILM
 I agree with almost all the good reviews . Best Batman film , etc. . My only complaint -LRB- it 's really more of a question -RRB- was why did Batman seem so mentally moribund?Where was the great mind , the detective side of him ? There was a bit , but he seemed much more dependent on the intelligence of others -LRB- like the Freeman character -RRB- than coming up with his own ideas.One of the things I always loved about the character was that he 's a `` self-made '' superhero . A HUGE part of that is his intellect , a feature that really sets him apart from a lot of super power superheroes . I got the feeling Bale 's Batman had done his physical homework ... but that he may have been cutting class to do it.That having been said , I ca n't really say that ANY of the live action Batman movies have ever done a good job of this -LRB- the best may have been the Adam West Batman ... and what does THAT say ? -RRB- That having been said , I 'm going to buy this DVD ... and I do not own any of the other Batman movies in my home collection.So there you go .
 `` Batman Begins '' is one of the classier comic book adaptions of recent years . While it has far less in common with the DC comic book than one might think , virtually all the changes made to the characters and their history were essential for an audience that remembers the Tim Burton Batman films but seldom -LRB- if ever -RRB- reads a Batman comic book.This DVD is the single-disc version of the film , without most of the extras that the two-DVD set contains . Be aware of this before you order . If the extras are what you 'd like , go for the two-DVD set . If not , used versions of the single-disc version are cheaply and readily available.The film traces Bruce Wayne 's journey from an embittered and self-destructive young man into his metamorphosis into a mysterious and powerful urban vigillante . Christian Bale throws himself into the dual roles of Bruce Wayne and Batman , giving us the best Batman since Michael Keaton . He 's also given ample support from a Who 's Who of Hollywood blockbusters - including Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Rutger Hauer , Morgan Freeman , Katie Holmes , and Cillian Murphy . Along the way , there are strong echoes of the Tim Burton films , through the character designs , music , and general mood . There are also some top-notch action sequences , including one of the strangest car chases you 're likely to see.The film is n't entirely successful due to the almost total lack of chemistry between Bale and Holmes , and the absence of a truly gripping villain . Coming on the heels of the `` Spiderman '' movies , `` Batman Begin '' has villians whose motivations are far too shadowy to fathom . Liam Neeson turns in a fine performance as Ra 's Al Ghul , and Cillian Murphy is appropriately eerie as the Scarecrow , but neither character is fleshed out enough -LRB- or over-the-top enough -RRB- to command our attention the way Jack Nicholson did as the Joker many years ago.Still , this is a great start to what will hopefully be a long-running and successful series . This is a movie well worth watching again .
 So here is Warner Brothers attempt at reviving the Batman franchise after the ridiculous cartoons that were Joel Schumacher 's Batman Forever and Batman and Robin . When the original movie with Michael Keaton came out in 1989 I was a bundle of overexcited 11-year old joy . I was a huge comic book fan as a kid and Batman was always my favorite character . I loved the Tim Burton version with Keaton , but I recognized that Burton 's Dark Knight was slightly different than the detective Batman of the comics , not to mention the difference in the costume . As that original series progressed , both the costume and the character of Batman devolved into silly cartoon caricatures of the dark , conflicted character of DC Comics . Fastforward to 2005 and Nolan 's rebirth of the franchise with Batman Begins . Nolan understands more about the Batman mythos than either Burton or Schumacher , and the film is a thrill ride that does n't forget to focus on the interesting internal dynamics that make up the character of Bruce Wayne/Batman . It reminds me of the fantastic Batman
 Batman has obtained cult status with all ages . And of course I am a fan of the big black bat and own all the other movies.Actionwise this movie is fantastic . The special effects in the battles are very good . I have seldomly seen better . The only thing that bothers me about this movie is that there are some changes in the storyline which have already been explained in the earlier episodes . I think that takes a lot of the realism away . For instance some parts of the beginning of batman have been changed , where little bruce see 's his parents die , which was a main part of the movie with the Joker . But I do n't want to kill the suspense.I really think this movie is worth watching and I am glad that I got it . I definetly recommend it for any Batman fans .
 This is the Batman film fans have been waiting for , Chris Nolan and David Goyer have truely brought Batman back from the dead with this cinematic masterpiece . Exploring the true origins of Bruce Wayne and his journey in becoming the Legendary icon known as The Batman . Solid casting has played a huge part of this film from the brilliant casting of Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman , no one has embraced the character quite like this before . Michael Caine is great as Alfred , along with Gary Oldman as Lt. Gordan and Morgan Freeman as Lucuis Fox . Liam Neeson brillant as always and Cillian Murphy makes a truelly creepy and psychotic villian as Scarecrow . The film goes into great detail to explain why Bruce Wayne would dress up like a Bat and also how he ends up with his infamous gadets . The new Batmobile or Tumbler as it 's also know as makes all previous Batmobiles look like toys compared to this thing , the chase scence is breathtaking . The film 's only weak point is Katie Holmes and her unconvincing performance as an assistant D.A and love interest Rachel -LRB- the role should be recast with someone who can act -RRB- . Fans and general moviegoers should throughly enjoy this movie .
 Batman has taken a whole new twist in this completly different telling of the story of the dark knight . The 40 's produced some lame seriels , the 60 's produced a campy comedy of Batman and Robin , but it left confusion when Tim Burton decided to base his 1989 version of Batman on the comic books and show the REAL Batman story that only the comic book fans knew about.Tim Burton did a great job with his Batman , and a decent job with Batman Returns -LRB- 1992 -RRB- but the saga slipped and fell on its bat-butt with the other 2 shockers.Now , 16 years after Tim Burtons vision of Batman became what it became , this newer version goes back to the roots of Bruce Wayne . Everyone knows the sotry of Bruce Wayne , even your great grandmother whose not a fan knows Bruce Wayne 's parents where killed , then he goes into hiding and returns to Gothem as the caped crusader ... . BUT , for the 1st time ever , we get to see what happend in those years he was away from Gothem . And where he learned his skills , and the big question of WHY he would decide to be Batman.This edition focus 's its history and remaking from the comic books . So , forget everything you saw in the Tim Burton versions , this is not a prequel to those same stories , this is comepletly starting over and is the begining of many more sequels to come.PLOT.Dorothy finds herself in a strange place over the rainbow.New stuff.I didnt like the look of the new Batmobile at first , but after a while it grows on ya , and when ya can see what it does ... well , i wonder if I have a stocking big enough for Santa to fit one into?The Batsuit and gadgets are more beleivable this time around . Which was there intention . It all ends setting up for the sequel.Batmans no academy award winning movie , but that matters not to me , cos i avoid those overrated garbage flicks anyway . This movie you can just sit on ya bat-couch , on ya bat butt , with some pop-guano and kick off ya bat-boots and enjoy watchign Batman .
 Take all the hype and granduer and over-merchandized insanity of the first four Batman films and throw them right out the window . This is Batman stipped down . No big deal stars ! -LRB- Unless you 're a huge Michael Caine or Rutger Hauer or Liam Neeson freak ! -RRB- No over-exposed criminal masterminds ! Director Cristopher Nolan strips down The Bat it his primal form and lets it rip . Get it straight ... I 'm not saying that the first four Batman efforts were a total waste ... Nicholson , Burton , Keaton ... etc. -LRB- Except for the 4th which was utter and complete crap ! -RRB- I 'm just pointing out that Batman Begins is honest . It does n't hide behind stars and stage-dressing . It relies on ... acting . There 's a change for Hollywood . This movie rox on levels that most movies never even reach . Great ensemble cast of characters -LRB- including Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman -RRB- a plot that actually develops into something from something ... sure it 's been rehashed a little . -LRB- Some of us are asking `` Did n't Jack Napier a.k.a. . The Joker kill Bruce Wayne 's parents ? '' Are we supposed to discount all the films from before ? -RRB- Well , I guess so . Now , if Nolan continues the story where he leaves off -LRB- Good luck to him -RRB- then the next installment should include The Joker . Does Nolan have the balls to go after Nicholson 's performance ? Who knows . All I do know is that as long as WB keeps The Bat pure and simple then it will continue to flourish and attract new fans . If it gets corrupted like it did before and turned into a media-holocaust ... oh well at least there 's The X-Men and Superman and so many more classic characters to explore.Dig it !
 In 1989 the long awaited film debut of the Dark Knight , BATMAN , was released . The movie was directed by Tim Burton and Burton , with his child-like imagination , gave the world a BATMAN movie that was worth waiting for . Despite the `` controversy '' about the nipples on the Batsuit and the casting of Michael Keaton as Batman , Burton 's BATMAN has remained as the best of all Batman films and one of the better film adaptations of a comic book . As brilliant as Burton 's film was , in his own way he began the downfall of the franchise with BATMAN RETURNS . That movie , like the first was rather dark and sinister , but too much so and the characterizations which had developed in the original were thrown by the wayside in favor of a macabre worldview . After Burton gave up directing the franchise , things went totally downhill , first with BATMAN FOREVER and then with the cartoonish romp , BATMAN AND ROBIN -LRB- the Batman tv series was better than that -RRB- . Warner Brothers was in deep trouble and with a flagship franchise on the verge of completing sinking , they got serious and took help from those who knew best.After years of entaglement , rewrites , changes in directors , etc. . BATMAN BEGINS arrived . It was worth the wait.BATMAN BEGINS revises the original Batman films . Christopher Nolan and company probably knew there was no point in trying to continue the series -LRB- and there was no way to salvage anything from the last two films in the series -RRB- , so pulling their own `` DC revision '' they rewrote Batman 's origins . Batman does n't even appear on camera until about 1/2 -2 / 3rds of the way through the film . Instead , the audience is presented with the struggles of Bruce Wayne . His fall down into a cave where hundreds of bats swarmed around him , the callous murder of his parents -LRB- sadly the Zorro reference has been altered in the film -RRB- , his aimless wanderings around the world to discover his identity are all explored . These experiences make Bruce Wayne the man he is and in turn , allow him to become the Dark Knight.Those who are more inclined for an action-filled picture will abhor the first 1/2 of the movie . However , it is essential to the plot and makes the characters on screen much more believable and realistic . However , once Batman shows up , the action quickly picks up until a dramatic showdown on a runaway train.For a picture based upon a comic book , the acting is superb . But of course with a cast that includes two Oscar-winners and a few more nominees , one should n't expect less . Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman is the best person in the role to date -- he fits both as Bruce Wayne and as Batman . Michael Caine is a wonderful Alfred , Morgan Freeman is perfect portraying Lucius Fox , and Gary Oldman -LRB- one of the most underrated actors today -RRB- does a remarkable job of pulling off a young Jim Gordon . Katie Holmes looks beautiful , but despite the working-class roots of her character comes off as little more than a piece of eye-candy . Unlike Man of Steel , Batman is a knight , and a true knight can never be with the lady he loves.All in all , BATMAN BEGINS is a great action movie and the best Batman picture since Burton 's 1989 adaptation .
 `` Batman Begins '' portrays the story of the Dark Knight in the manner it was intended . Christopher Nolan , as well as everyone involved with this A-List production , deserves a well-earned pat on the back . This movie sponges away the bitter aftertastes left over from `` Batman Forever '' and `` Batman & Robin , '' and gives us the Caped Crusader we have all longed for since Tim Burton 's landmark original.But even that movie 's greatness has been improved upon . Nolan 's extraordinary film takes the viewer back to Bruce Wayne 's troubled past . We find out that it was not , infact , the Joker who murdered his parents . Here , you will see the real story unfold . We finally gain insight into what makes Bruce Wayne tick , both as a man and as his famous alter ego . We get an in-depth look at the intense physical training he goes through . We meet the man who instills him with most of the gadgetry he later comes to possess . And , most importantly , we are introduced to the Batmobile . I saw this movie twice in theaters , and I still want that car !!! I have to say that this was easily the very best Batman movie I have paid to see in many long years . It actually left me hungry for more . And , if the screenwriters can manage to keep things as dark and serious as what I saw in this film , I would be more than happy to see more movies made . Trust me when I say , this is the Batman you want to see .
 WHAT A DIRECTOR ! WHAT A CAST ! WHAT A SCRIPT ! WHAT A MOVIE ! I just saw BATMAN BEGINS last night and it 's easily the best superhero movie I 've ever seen , and maybe the best movie I 've ever seen -- period!Val Kilmer and George Clooney were both good as Bruce Wayne/Batman , but Christian Bale is better looking , and goes from Batman to Bruce and back like he was born for the role!Director Christopher Nolan 's created a masterpiece here , with a terrific Hall of Fame cast with Michael Caine as butler Alfred , Gary Oldman as a wierd police buddy James Gordon -- not yet Commissioner ! -- Morgan Freeman as a dedicated but isolated Wayne Corp staffer who becomes a sort of Tonto to Bale 's Batman , and Liam Neesom as the main heavy , with Rutger Hauer hanging around as a corporate heavy at Wayne Corp.The script keeps moving right along , and introduces an actor I 've never seen before -- Cillian Murphy -- and boy , does this Irish kid steal the show as crazy Dr. Jonathan Crane alias the Scarecrow !!! Murphy looks terrific , and he 's one of the few modern actors with a great voice , which he uses to full effect in his terrifying role!The music is great , too , and the only bad things about BATMAN BEGINS are that the action scenes area so fast you can never see what 's going on , plus there 's a stupid scene at Wayne Manor whereWayne pretends to be drunk to run off some birthday party guests from impending danger -- why could n't a smooth guy like Wayne just send them off diplomatically ??? Plus , Katie Holmes is a dud as love interest Rachel Dawes -- she just does n't look good enough for Bale!But BATMAN BEGINS is beautifully filmed , and the movie keeps rolling along till the end when you 're left wanting more -- and that 's the way movies are supposed to be !!! BATMAN BEGINS IS THE BEST BATMAN MOVIE EVER MADE !!! Chari Krishnan RESEARCHKING TANGO2200@HOTMAIL.COM
 I ABSOLUTELY loved this movie and wanted to give it 5 stars . However , it 's Mr Nolan 's first summer blockbuster and unfortunately this movie is not without its faults .1 st , as many others would agree , the fight sequences are a bit too shaky and closed up , I wished Mr Nolan would pull the camera back a little to reveal more what was going on . Batman is a martial artist after all , especially this batman with such brutal and lethal and wraith like fighting styles . I understand what he intended but it did n't work out that nicely2nd , as I have stated in many comic book movies , I wanted to see the superhero instead of his alter ego . This movie is about 50/50 , and I can stand with that , not to mention it 's an origin tale . So I hope they would show more batman with batman problems.Ok , it almost sounded like I hate this movie , but as I stated in my first sentence , this movie is a must see both comic book fan and non comic book fan . Put it simple , this movie upgrades a summer blockbuster to a mixture of summer action thriller and dramma with a psycological level in such a way that it almost include all the movie genre one can possibly think of . If you are looking for horror , it 's there , if you are looking for action , it 's there , if you are looking for science fiction , it 's there , and many others . and you might think such a mix would ruin the movie but not here . make no mistake , the mixture is simply perfect.The soundtrack is of some arguments and I am positive with it . It may not have a clear main theme and may not have danny 's mystic heroic gritty feel , but it stands out in the movie . I would n't recommand the soundtrack on it 's own , but you will definitely be absorbed into the movie as the soundtrack gives you the exact feel of the scene.The cast is simply amazing to look at . some may dislike katie but i would n't think it 's her fault , she is a fine actress who just could n't stank out with such a huge cast . imagine yourself as an slightly above average actor and put into this situation ... Christian rocks as his three-part role as the main character
 I seen this film with high expectations , I 've seen all the Batman films , and I liked them all , well , Batman and Robin was...sub-par . Batman and Batman Returns were well done , and Batman Begins could easily compare . Christian Bale is a magnificent actor , after I seen him in `` Reign of Fire '' and `` American Psycho '' . He did have a little problem with his Batman voice , it was a little too raspy and tough-guyish , but other than that , he was a frightening hero who saved Gotham from a deadly gas.The film has a large and effective cast . Micheal Caine , a great choice for Alfred , brings laughs and a warm heart . Morgan Freeman plays Batman 's gagdets man Lucius Fox , who has only a small role , but still great . Katie Holmes plays Rachel Dodson , Batman 's close friend and heart 's interest . She 's pretty good , compared to Kim Basinger and Nicole Kidman . Gary Oldman plays Gordon , Batman 's friendly police officer , and does a good job at it too . The Commisioner Gordon in the later Batman films is Pat Hingle , and he was n't that good . Liam Neeson is awesome as Henri Ducard , Batman 's former trainer turned villain . Cillian Murphy played the horrific Scarecrow , but onlyhad a small role , which was dissapointing because it was such an awesome character , and he did n't appear to be defeated , he was electricuted by Rachel and then he was gone from the rest of the film . Too bad.The action was great , great car chase scene , and explosions and things crashing and smashing , and the fighting was good too , except the camera was awkward during fights , making the view close up and weird to distinguish between whats going on and who 's getting hurt.Something that bothered me was how it interacted with the first Batman film . In Batman , Jack -LRB- the Joker -RRB- kills Bruce 's parents . But in this , some thug who 's name I did n't catch -LRB- but it was n't Jack -RRB- kills his parents . And at the end of Batman Begins , Gordon hands Batman a Joker card telling him this is his next villian , but in Batman , Jack does n't turn into the Joker until later in the film.Overall , an awesome and well-done and well-casted movie !
 Christopher Nolan , with his new Batman Christian Bale , set out to tear down the franchise as it existed in the previous four `` Batman '' films and reconstruct it anew . They did so with great success by building the movie around the Batman character , and by building the Batman character bit by bit.Here were the two main problems with the Batman franchise in the other four films
 `` Batman Begins , '' superbly directed by Christopher Nolan , is a film that works on many levels , but above all , it makes a modern hero relevant again , much like Sam Raimi 's spidey flicks . We all knew Batman was awesome , we just needed to realize it again . And no one could have done that better than Christian Bale , who was born to play the Dark Knight . Exuding equal parts menace and wounded heart , he makes Bruce Waynes ' familiar fear , anger and rage fresh again . His fear and guilt stemming from his beloved parents murder is palpable and real . At first , Bruce Wayne is in a Chinese prison , on a lifes ' quest to understand the criminal mind , and how best to fight them and rid himself of the guilt that has haunted him for years . From this , a mysterious stanger named Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- plucks him and takes him into the Himlayan Mountains , where he trains Bruce the ways of the League of Shadows , led by the nefarious Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe , given too little screen time -RRB- . Their goal is to purify the world through by purging it of wickedness . Bruce jets the League when he is faced with the execution of a suspected criminal and makes his way back to Gotham where he seeks redemption by saving the city his father loved , now overrun by gansters and corruption , most of it personified in Carmine Falcone -LRB- a commanding Tom Wilkinson -RRB- . Working with his beloved butler Alfred -LRB- a heartfelt Michael Caine -RRB- and good cop Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman , in a role that finally gives Gordon something to do -RRB- , Bruce goes to work to renovate the caverns underneath his house , collects hardware from scientist Lucious Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman at his wryest and loosest -RRB- and builds a batsuit with which to turn his fear into a weapon against his enemies.From the beginning , `` Batman Begins '' is fixated on fear , and how it can move or change a person . One of the main villians is the Scarecrow -LRB- a creepy Cillian Murphy -RRB- a psychologist who scares the living crap out of people using a toxin that makes the person see what they fear most . And Batman must fight them all by using his skills of manipulation to defeat them . And although director Nolan leans a little too much on the jump cuts and close-up shots , the action scenes are among the brawniest , most bracing and innovate in recent memory , including an amazing car chase feauturing the souped up Batmobile and a climatic monorail fight between Batman and some old enemies from the League of Shadows . But above all , Nolan and fellow screenwriter David Goyer focus on the characters an motivations in the bat story . And even though the ending begs a sequel , the indulgence can be allowed . After all , after resurrecting the Batman franchise in such rousing fashion , who ca n't wait for the next of Batman ?
 Honestly this is a lesson to Hollywood . If you want to give a film a bit of piece de resistance , then include British actors and a British director.Batman was a joke.It 's now a work of art .
 Listen up !!!! Get yourself a HD-DVD player and be ready to be blown away with this movie ... Great image and sound that will make you swear it is all happening in front of you.Beautiful colors and contrast ... INCREDIBLE ! INCREDIBLE !! INCREDIBLE !!! This film is a must have !!!
 This is the best Batman movie they 've made so far . Christian Bale does an awesome job , and Liam Neeson and Cillian Murphy are great as the villians . Katie Holmes is n't that great , but at least she 's nice to look at . Also , it 's cool that they actually did something good with the Scarecrow character . I was worried it was gon na be like in `` Batman & Robin '' , with the horribly done Bane with the super-crappy foam suit , and the guy making `` Rerrr ! '' sounds . But they actually pulled Scarecrow off really well , and Murphy 's natural creepiness fits perfectly.Definitely buy this , if you 're a Batman fan . It 's surprisingly very good .
 I just saw Batman Begins . I 've seen all five Batman movies . I was somewhat disappointed with recent Batman movies and put off seeing this one because I expected very little . I was pleasantly surprised . Batman Begins is the best Batman movie by far . I liked the characters and cast . The story was somewhat dark , but there was also humor in it . Even though Batman does n't appear until partway through the movie , Batman Begins is filled with action and there 's never a dull moment . I hope there will be a sequel !
 Not much to say other than
 An excellent movie ! the best movie that i have seen all year ! It is the best superhero movie ever and the best batman movie ever ! I cant believe how good it is and You wo n't Either ! The director did a sensational job and so did Christian Bale ! He was so good and such a believeable Batman ! He is the best batman yet ! There was so much action and so much dark and touching Drama ! The director made it so realistic it was so so awesom one of the top five movies I have ever seen !
 Not since the days of the original Batman feature film adaptation back in 1989 have fans of the Cape Crusader experienced joy with the venerable franchise on the big screen . Burton 's follow-up to the perennial favorite entitled Batman Returns did not quite live up to the expectations that had been set down for it . Maybe too much had been demanded of it to live up to the greatness of the original or two major villains in one picture was bit much for audiences to handle . Whatever the reason may be the Batman franchise was never the same from that moment on . When Burton dropped out , director Joel Schumacher stepped in to take over the directing reins . And in spite of Batman Forever 's success , grossing twelve million more in domestic box office receipts then the previous installment , fan fervor over Schumacher 's neon obsession began to boil over and came to head with the introduction of the ` nipple suit ' . Director Christopher Nolan , the man behind the critically acclaimed Memento and Insomnia , now returns fans to where the legend began to return the Dark Knight to his beloved glory.The story for Batman Begins strays dramatically away from the direction in which past franchise films have been forced which , thankfully , is a good thing in this instance . Batman Begins harkens back to the gritty atmosphere that was so abundant in Tim Burton 's original adaptation and even proceeds to take audiences one step further . Though dark in tone , Burton 's Batman remained set in the realm of fantasy which , in its own right , was fine at the time but Christopher Nolan makes the Dark Knight real , which in effect strikes a stronger tone with audiences . Knowing that the Cape Crusader is made of flesh and blood , that he can be knocked down or burnt to crisp and left for dead like the rest of us and yet get up and continue the fight to win the day makes him a far more captivating mythological figure then if he were invincible.Christian Bale , a rising performer who to the surprise of many has been in the movie industry for several years now , has at long last come into his own in the role of billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne which is merely an alter-ego for the Dark Knight who battles crime and injustice on the streets of Gothem when the sun sets . Bale is nothing short of remarkable in his portrayal of Bruce Wayne/Batman , a more realistic and gothic style version then modern audiences , plagued with the nightmarish images of neon splattered Schumacher creations long gone , are not accustomed to , even those who are old enough to recall Tim Burton 's adaptation of the Cape Crusader in the late-1980s . Bruce Wayne is an inordinately conflicted man , battling not only the crime lords and the gangsters for the streets of Gothem City but also with his alter-ego , Batman , for control of his personal life and even with himself for the direction in which his life after his parents ' deaths is to proceed and in what capacity . Bale , like Maguire in the Spider-Man franchise , proves effectively , both through heart-wrenching emotions and body language , that the life of a superhero is not what it is cracked up to be.Liam Neeson is positively impeccable as Ducard , the mysterious and often deceivable assistant to Ra 's Al Ghul who tracks down Bruce Wayne so that he may train him in the ways of the League of Shadows in order to overcome his fears and enact justice on the city of Gothem . Though he undoubtedly has the talent capacity to successfully pull off a performance like this one , it remains a bit unnerving , at least for some , to see him in a role as this , especially after his powerful role in Steven Spielberg 's Oscar winning film , Schindler 's List . Ducard is the type of character who presents a truly emotional roller coaster attraction for his audience . He clearly has the right intentions in mind , wanting to combat injustice and stave off evil , but as Bruce Wayne discovers he takes his dedication to preserving justice to an unhealthy level in which the ` heroes ' are almost as bad as the villains themselves . Just as you grasp the concept he is advocating he goes and says something that touches a moral nerve . Easily the most diabolical villain in the Batman film franchise to date.Alright , putting it as concisely and politely as possible , Katie Holmes ' performance as the persistent and slightly perky , particularly near the end of the film if anyone noticed , assistant district attorney Rachael Dawes is not exactly as prestigious as her newfound beau Tom Cruise built it up to be but neither was it as disastrous as it certainly could have been , especially given her track record of ` distinguishable ' projects . The romantic aspect of the storyline between her and the Cape Crusader 's alter-ego Bruce Wayne , though undeniably evident from the beginning , is quite possibly the most downplayed of the Batman franchise which to say is not a bad thing given that its audience cares more about the story and the action then anything else , particularly romance . All in all , Miss Holmes , likely to be Mrs. Cruise soon , will not be missed terribly given she was the only cast member not to be picked up for the upcoming sequel , likely to the fallout caused by her relationship with Tom Cruise . But it is tradition , in much the same vein as the James Bond franchise , for the Batman films to interchange the love interest of billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne to keep things flowing , so for fans this will be use to this.Two villains which fixture prominently into the Batman Begins storyline appear to be quite underutilized , at least from first glance . These would be Dr. Jonathan Crane , more commonly referred to as the Scarecrow , played fiendishly by Cilian Murphy and Ra 's Al Ghul , a stylized performance commanded by Oscar nominee Ken Watanabe . However , it would seem as though Crane is used merely as a distraction , and the same can be said of Ken Watanabe 's character as well , and was never meant to be used to his full capacity in this chapter of the Batman saga . Given that he was never officially captured at the end of the film , the Scarecrow may play a part in pictures to come , with two sequels already in the works with Nolan at the helm , but with The Joker clearly being the featured villain in the second movie , it does n't seem likely.The always entertaining British actor Michael Caine brings to the role of Bruce Wayne 's faithful butler Alfred a style that is all his own . For the first time Alfred is not exclusively viewed as only Bruce Wayne 's dear friend and close confidante but also the lone father figure following the deaths of his parents . Gary Oldman scores a home run performance in the role of Sergeant Jim Gordon . Fans of the Dark Knight will certainly be taken back a bit by the lackluster appearance and stammer of Jim Gordon , clearly noting how far he has come from when the comic book superhero 's story began . Those unfamiliar with the Batman legend or the feature film franchise will view Gordon , the only good egg in the bunch as far as the police force in Gothem is concerned , as a pathetic sap , in spite of his willingness moral standings , which only increases the audience 's anguish for the prospects of the city . Though Morgan Freeman is delightful as Lucius Fox , he is not seen in quite the capacity audiences may expect , which is a bit disappointing to say the least , but there is hope his character 's role in the Batman legend will expand with the upcoming sequels.Overall , Christopher Nolan at the helm of Batman Begins triumphantly returns the Dark Knight to his long since forgotten former glory which existed in the time of Tim Burton 's original big screen adaptation and even exceeds expectations by taking the Cape Crusader to a level which he has never experienced before - the real world . True , not everything which takes place in Batman Begins has its basis in reality but the characters and their actions are more intone with our world then in any other film present in the franchise which makes it so poignant and insightful . These individuals , these human beings , are easily vulnerable and are not the squeaky-clean heroic figures your parents grew up with . Though Bruce Wayne eventually finds the path of justice which would lead him to become the legendary figure he is seen as today , he contemplated killing his parents ' attacker in cold-blood as he left the courtroom and would have gone through with it if it were not for an assassin sent by the mob boss of Gothem . And in spite of their perceivable evolution in character and spirit as the film progresses towards its climax and beyond , the closing credits of the picture hardly mark the end of their progression , which will continue through the rest of the series . Likely the most frequent complaint from audiences will be that there exists not enough action in the storyline to make the film as interesting in terms of scope as the rest of the franchise . There is a reason the film is called Batman ` Begins ' . Starting from scratch , Christopher Nolan must develop these characters from the ground up and , through the process of a few sequels in the near future , make them into the mythological figures we have come to cherish . We can only hope , not expect it if history has taught us anything , that the integrity of this new chapter in the Batman film franchise will remain intact as the series continues and not deteriorate in light of its public and critical success .
 I was extremely skeptical of this movie from the beginning . I could n't believe that Warner Bros. was allowing the franchise to start over again and that it all came together so quickly -LRB- Quicker than Alien vs. Predator -RRB- I was expecting it to be another dumbed down version of the batman story -LRB- At the time I happened to think that Val Kilmer could have played a better Batman in the first two movies . -RRB- Now , I say without any hesitation that Christian Bales is by far the best Batman/Bruce Wayne so far adapted to film ! there are a lot of differences in the story as far as how he became Batman and it makes the transition more human and less omnipitent -LRB- and even less egotistical -RRB- . `` My parents died so now I 'm Batman . '' * Yawn * What makes him so special ? answer from `` Batman Begins : '' HE 'S NOT!The origins are truly amazing and more believable in this 2nd attempt at a truly great story . I want so bad to point out how they took the perceptions about his origins from the `` Batman '' and `` Batman Forever '' films and destroyed it , but I do n't want to ruin it for anyone who has n't seen it . -LRB- but believe me , I openly grinned when I realized what they had done ! -RRB- I was glad to see some good actors in this movie too . Liam Neeson is great ! -LRB- again , I REALLY want to go into detail , but I do n't want to ruin it ! -RRB- Michael Caine was ALWAYS the obvious choice for Alfred even back in 93 . Katie Holmes has not always impressed me as the greatest actresses , but her acting in this movie has me coming around . -LRB- and shows her potential to become more -RRB- Cillian Murphy as Dr. Crane is an EXCELLENT choice and just shows how the writers and Director wanted to have antagonists just as deep as the protaganist.I 've seen almost every major movie to come out this year , and I must say that this one is the best one so far ! -LRB- See my Episode 3 Review ! -RRB-
 This is not just the best Batman movie , but one of the best movies I have ever seen period . In a word ... EXCELLENT ! Just go see it . George Lucas could learn something about story telling and choosing excellent writers , actors , and directors.The characters are well developed and well acted . You actually care about them . The story and atmosphere are real . You get sucked in from the beginning and stay until the very last frame . Christian Bale IS Batman and Michale Cane does a great job as Alfred . The biggest surprise is Gary Oldman as a good guy . He should do it more often . Ca n't wait for the next installment !!
 `` Batman Begins is not better than Tim Burtons 1989 epic . One reason is that this movie takes its self to seriously , There is no sence of adveture or fun . Batman begins may have taken what was missing frrom the old movies but he forgot to give us the colors , the fun dialoge and the joy of Batman here we have a scary , dark drama . I perfer the first two `` Someone said this in a review on this site . This person just doesnt know about the real batman . This isnt based on the comics . Its a graphic novel . There is n't suppose to be fun ... its very serious and is suppose to be dark . This movie has NOTHING to do with the other four ... it is a clean slate . NO ONE SHOULD COMPARE THIS MOVIE WITH THE OTHER FOUR ... IT ISNT RIGHT TO DO SO . This is how the story should of been told from the very beginning . Read a book ... get a clue ... best batman ever ... first one of its kind and NEVER think of this movie with the others ... 5 freakin stars baby !!!!!!
 This is the way to do it ! All the other Batman movies were lame ducks . In this one , acting goes from good to extraordinary good . Visuals are superb . Cinematography is excellent , darkish , ominous looking , just ca n't be any better . Stunts and fight sequences are magnificent.Any low point ? Yes . My main problem was the water-down violence , in search of a PG-13 rating . That was bad . Let 's look at it for a second . Batman is a crime fighter . Criminals do evil things , are ruthless , kill everybody and shoot twice at the wounded . So Batman is a goody-goody fellow , never kills anybody except by chance or accident , and avoids romantic involvenment.Well , that is not good in my agenda . But that is just me . It is my usual complain against PG-13 ratings which kill potential great movies by turning us into grown-up children.Film violence is always carefully choreographed to avoid injuries . In this movie they go to the borderline , and the actors perform their own stunts most of the time , adding realism to the action . Thus , the fighting sequences are great . However , in order to make it less shocking , the scenes are filmed mostly in close-ups and with fast editing . Remember the `` Moulin Rouge '' disaster ? Just similar . Too bad . Bruce Lee did it best 30 years ago . All his fighting scenes are shot from a distance , so the viewer can see the whole body of the hero and his foes.That said , this Batman is the real thing . I hope the sequels are equally relevant to the saga.Did I forget something ? Well , yes ... the Batmobile . In this movie is called The Tumbler and I assure you , is the coolest , greatest Batmobile ever . It 's sooo wonderful that they should get Detroit to manufacure so people could drive it to the supermarket or kids to school .
 In my opinion , Batman Begins -LRB- 2005 -RRB- should have been called The Dark Knight because Batman takes centerstage in this movie , unlike in The Dark Knight -LRB- 2008 -RRB- where Batman seems to take a back seat to The Joker and Two-Face . That 's the irony - in the movie that 's called The Dark Knight , Batman actually takes a back seat to the villains , who steal the show . I personally think The Dark Knight should have been called The Joker Emerges , or something like that.Now I want to make some observations about this movie.First of all , it 's inevitable that the new Christopher Nolan movies will always be compared to the Tim Burton and Joel Schumacher movies , so that 's one thing I myself will do . In contrast to Burton and Schumacher , Christopher Nolan went for darkness , realism , and seriousness in his Batman movies in an effort to make them far different than the semi-campy -LRB- though dark -RRB- Burton films and all-out campy and bright Schumacher films . I feel that Batman Begins is TOO real . It 's TOO serious . To me , Batman movies should have an element of fun to them . An example is Batman -LRB- 1989 -RRB- - The Joker was evil , but he had dark humor to go along with his evilness . He used gadgets , like a hand buzzer and squirting lapel flower . Sometimes he went a little too far , like dancing , etc. , but he showed he was funny as well as dark and evil . It was a good balance . It seems that in the Nolan movies , all the fun has been sucked out of them and they 're way too serious and realistic . Their overall atmosphere and look seem a lot like cop dramas that you see on primetime weeknight TV . I found Batman Begins a little boring for the first hour or so , and this is a big reason why . However , the second half of the movie kind of makes up for it with lots of action and suspense.I thought the acting was pretty good . The best acting came from Liam Neeson as Henri Ducard . Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox was also pretty good . Cillian Murphy as Dr. Jonathan Crane/Scarecrow was OK . I thought Scarecrow was somewhat of a boring villain who did n't do much , and borderline cheesy . Gary Oldman was pretty good as Commissioner Gordon . I thought Katie Holmes was pretty good as Rachel Dawes . I like her portrayal of Rachel Dawes a little better than Maggie Gyllenhaal 's in The Dark Knight.Christian Bale ? I thought he was a mediocre Bruce Wayne and a mediocre Batman . Not bad , but not good . His voice while he 's Batman sounds as if he 's been smoking for 40 years . Bruce Wayne comes off as too much of a playboy in this movie as well as in The Dark Knight . He seems to have an attitude and is arrogant . I think Michael Keaton owns the role of Bruce Wayne/Batman in the 1989 and 1992 movies.I dislike the Batmobile in this movie . Now , the Batmobile has been through many incarnations in previous movies . First , there was the Batmobile from the '60s TV series and 1966 movie called Batman
 I just saw this movie on 7/23/2005 and what a surprise it was . Several friends and co-workers had been telling me to go see it . I took a chance and saw it and was blown away by how good it is . Christopher Nolan has brought this franchise back from the dead !!
 I was just a 7 year old kid when batman forever came out and it was followed by batman and robin . And the fact is that i wasnt old enough to grasp the grotesque direction the series had been steered in to by the release of those two movies . To me the Cartoonish and hi-tech action of the two movies seemed amusing along with how Batman was now being portrayed as more of a happy go lucky crime fighter rather then a `` dark knight '' . But as i grew older and became more of a comic book fan i realised that those two movies had failed to portray the character accurately . I saw the first two baman movies `` Batman '' and `` Batman Begins '' to further see how the series had started out really well but was ending up going in a wrong direction.But this movie changes all that . Batman Begins is everything a batman movie should be . New director Christopher Nolan takes the whole experience of the movie closer to the feel of the comic books , something true fans are bound to appreciate . A darker edgier batman is portrayed by Christian Bale who is probably the best Batman yet . The movie lays emphasis on story and plot rather then stupid cartoonish antics , so if you are one of those people who just expect the action to keep flowing because you are not mature enough to appreciate the storyline then this movie is not for you . Bottom line is all hardcore fans of the comic books will not be dissapointed . There have been many dissapointed fans who have complained about the previous two batman movies , but rest assured there prayers have been answered with this masterpiece
 This is a different Batman alright , it 's definatly darker . Christian Bale makes a good Batman as well . Not enough Scarecrow though . From the trailers I thought this would be Batman vs. Scarecrow , it 's not theres about three vilians in the movie . Scarecrow is cool vilian I like the gas as a weapon and how the screen got all distorted when he used it and how is voice sounded when he put on the mask . His first appearence on screen kind of creeped me out . All in all this look like the begining of a good new franchise .
 the movie batman begins was really good ! it was the best batman movie ever ! i hope christiphor nolan makes another batman movie ! christine bale was in it and it was awsome ! this movie was about how batman begins ! he trains to be a ninja in asia and then becomes batman ! this is epic !
 Well do not get me wrong , I loved the movie , but It looks like they always have to change something and come up with different versions of what is on the books , -LRB- comic books , etc , -RRB- , wich it is by the way , the Batman that we know and have known for more than 40 years . First they killed The Joker , of course they had to do it because someone thought that it would be a great idea to have him know who Batman really was and that he , -LRB- The joker -RRB- killed his parents ? Come on ` are this people really writing this stuff and nobody has a word to say about it before it goes into production ? and they continued vandalizing `` The Classics '' . Now we have a New Batman , so far the Best in years . . but already they keep on vaporazing the Villians , -LRB- well , at least we know one has the means to come back from the dead , -RRB- but Batman ` s mentor , `` Ducard '' does not have a Lazarus Pit to bath on.Seriously , you do n`t kill the arch nemesis , the bad guys , the criminal minds , think about Freddy Krueger and Jason , they always come back for more and people go to the see their movies without thinking if this is real or not . The word it ` s Enterteinment , so forget about the `` non initiated '' and if they are going to see the movies thinking or believing `` this could be real '' . The writers should keep it `` real '' by sticking to the classics.Yeah ! I know , I am a weirdo . I am a comic book reader , a nerd , a geek , whatever . So is Frank Miller , Jeph Loeb and others , -LRB- no offense meant guys -RRB- Next movie should be `` The Long Halloween '' , but `` The Man who Laughs '' is also a possibility , think about it . Thank you .
 Yes , Batman Begins is as good as all the other reviews have stated . It 's a different twist compared to all the other Batman films . It 's more mind-driven then action-driven . And that 's not saying that there are n't action sequences , but it actually has an exciting story that causes its great appeal too . The cast is absolutely fantastic . Bale plays a wonderful Batman who is able to change his attitude in the split of a second as his personality goes from Batman to Bruce and vice versa . Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , Liam Neeson , Ken Watanube , and Tom Wilkonson are great as always . Katie Holmes did a great job , but it was n't an oscar winning performance . The storyline is very creative and provides an interesting twist -LRB- compared to the normal Batman tales -RRB- as does most of Nolan 's work . Overall , great film !
 This movie definitely makes up for the atrocity that is `` Batman and Robin . '' Although `` Batman '' and `` Batman Returns '' were excellent movies , this movie is excellent in a completely contrasting way . Instead of jumping right into the bad guy of the moment , this movie makes the effort to set up the back story of Bruce Wayne , which is well worth it . The only problems I had with this movie is1 -RRB- Cheesey alert ! Liam Neeson 's character goes on and on about how one has to conquer fear , until I feel like I 'm forced to sit through a presidential speech -- `` The only thing you have to fear is fear itself . '' Besides that , Liam Neeson is awesome .2 -RRB- I was slightly disappointed that they did n't do more with Cillian Murphy 's character , Scarecrow , who has the makings of a worthy bad-guy opponent -- interesting and dark , and not at all cheesy.Aside from those 2 little incidents , I deem this movie worthy of its 15 dollar ticket price .
 I never know what to expect from a Batman movie . Some of them seem more action-oriented than suits my taste , but they 're almost always entertaining in one way or another . This one is one of the best , in my opinion , because the back-story is blended in with the action without diluting it , as well as a good deal of philosophy about the difference between justice and revenge , which interests me , and unfortunately is still not resolved . I wonder if there 's a website somewhere discussing the topic . Anyway , what holds all this together is not good plotting , but talent from all directions - lotsa good stars - Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman , Rutger Hauer , Michael Caine , Katie Homes , Christian Bale , Morgan Freeman , others . I never used to like Michael Caine until he got older , and changed my mind probably when he did Dirty Rotten Scoundrels with Steve Martin . I 've liked him more in each movie since , and he 's outstanding as Alfred the butler in this one . The rest of the cast performs to their usual high standards as well . If you 're familiar with Batman at all , the plot wo n't have any big surprises for you , but a few fun small ones that fill in the story . All in all , it 's one of the best movies I 've seen this year , recommended for Batman fans as much as for those who 've never read a comic book or seen a Batman movie before .
 This movie rocks . It is the way Batman was meant to be . Very practical and realistic yet still retaining the escapism fantasy that makes the character so appealling . Unlike the last two disasters that featured the bat-skates , bat-credit cards , corny jokes and rubber lips , this Batman lurks in the shadows and inflicts terror into the hearts of evil-doers and audiences . It has litterally gone back to the beginning in the style that Bob Kane originally intended.First two-good , last two-suck , you have to be batty not to like this one .
 I 'd heard good things about the movie before I went to see it , so I was enthusiastic about seeing the movie . I was willing to give Christian Bale the benefit of the doubt because I had n't seen him do very much of anything . Bale had his work cut out for him-Michael Keaton , IMHO , was the best live-action Batman to hit the big screen , and Bale had to at least equal Keaton 's intensity in order to earn my respect.The good news is , Bale makes the cut . The great news is , this is by far the best live-action Batman movie in existence ! This was a big bang , folks-a total regeneration . It invites you to throw out every previous impression of Batman that you 've seen live-action and embrace a `` new Batman order '' . Christian Bale brings the character of billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne to the next level , a level consistent with the characterizations aptly portrayed in the better Batman cartoons that are on television . And I would be remiss in my duties if I did n't acknowledge that stellar supporting cast-gadgetman Morgan Freeman and the affable Michael Caine as Alfred . Someone had to have some serious connections in Tinseltown to make that happen ! And who is this newcomer , Cillian Murphy ? I was frightened ... he was fantastic ! And Liam Neeson , big Irish brute that he is , playing the self-righteous , but no less dangerous , villian . I was in awe!If I were to change anything about the movie , I would have ditched Katie Holmes as a love interest . Frankly , for a movie that scored the way this one does , it required a babe of the Kim Basinger caliber , and Holmes does not make the cut . She 's got age and naturally occurring collagen on Ms. Basinger , and little else.Overall , I rate this movie 5 stars , and give it the highest possible recommendation . I am suitably gratified .
 `` Batman Begins '' tries to revive the defunct Batman franchise that had become a caricature of itself under the direction of Joel Schumacher and some very bad scripts . This film is a complete departure in theme and style from the horrid `` Batman Forever '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- and `` Batman and Robin '' -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . It does n't try to emulate the gothic visual style that director Tim Burton brought to `` Batman '' -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and `` Batman Returns '' -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , but director Christopher Nolan 's vision is just as dark . Whoever conceived of reviving the franchise decided wisely that the best place to start was at the beginning . So half of `` Batman Begins '' is backstory explaining how and why Bruce Wayne came to be a masked crime fighter and the origins of his preoccupation with bats.As a child , young Bruce Wayne witnessed the murder of his billionaire parents . Consumed by guilt and anger and reluctant to step into his father 's prominent shoes as an adult , Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- disappears without a trace . Seven years later , he returns to find Gotham City in the grip of a crime-ridden depression brought on by corrupt government and pillaging by crime boss Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- , in cahoots with a mysterious out-of-town associate . Wayne reestablishes himself as a billionaire playboy with the help of his family 's loyal butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- and takes a job in Wayne Enterprises ' Applied Sciences department under the brilliant inventor Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , where he finds good use for the high-tech military gadgetry that 's been sitting around collecting dust.Christian Bale is the best Batman of the franchise . He can play a decadent playboy , a shrewd industrialist , and a brooding bat without sacrificing credibility . Bale 's performance is more energetic and versatile than actors who took on the role previously . And he has more sex appeal than even George Clooney , which the female audience will appreciate . An hour of backstory might seem like too much , but several periods in Bruce Wayne 's life are integrated coherently and generally well-paced . The exception is the time Wayne spends training in Asia under the tutelage of Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- . There is too much gibberish about conquering fear , the combat scenes are dull , and all of the film 's worst lines have been dumped on Neeson . Thankfully , that sequence is intercut with other material.It ca n't be easy to explain why a sane individual would fight crime dressed as a giant chiroptera , but Bruce Wayne 's motivations and the origins of the bat motif are credible and interesting . `` Batman Returns '' is n't perfect , but it left me wanting to see more Batman films , and that 's quite a feat considering that the franchise seemed dead and buried . Consider the Batman franchise successfully resurrected . The only bonus features on the Warner Brothers 2005 single disc DVD are a short theatrical trailer -LRB- 1 minute -RRB- and a DVD-ROM -LRB- Windows only -RRB- . Subtitles are available for the film in English , French , and Spanish . Dubbing is available in French .
 Like other reviewers have said , this Batman movie was the best ever ! I am going to buy it on DVD as soon as it comes out . The main thing that I loved about the movie was the villain . One reviewer mentioned that the other Batman movies were corny , and I agree . The villains were always corny and a little over-eccentric . However , the villain in Batman Begins was truly scary , and made the movie all the more suspenseful . You 'll love it !
 This movie was finally done the way I 've been waiting for a superhero adaptation to be done , not afraid to veer slightly away from comic book mannerisms in order to adapt the film to reality a bit . Kids would , at first , wonder
 Batman Begins a new generation of Batman movies and if this movie is anything to go on the movies to come will be worth watching and buying . In this movie the as the title states shows the beginning of Batman from where Bruce Wayne was before to how he decided to use the bat and because `` Bats frighten me . It 's time my enemies share my dread '' This movie shows the training that Bruce goes through to become batman . I think that Christain Bale -LRB- Equilibrium , Reign of Fire , American Psycho -RRB- is the best Batman to date , I believe that he will be in the next movie which is at this point untitled . But I eagerly await the release of the sequel
 Damn good movie with a great cast . Christina Bale IS Batman and Gary Oldman -LRB- I am a HUGE fan -RRB- breathes life into the Commissioner Gordon character . I can not wait for the sequel !
 This movie IS Batman . Everyone -LRB- except young children -RRB- will love this movie . Period . Gary Oldman is great as Sgt. Gordon . The origins of the Batman legends are very well handled .
 Like `` Spiderman 2 , '' `` Batman Begins '' goes into the psyche of the protagonist . If you want immediate action , or a simple `` go take out the bad guys '' movie , you wo n't be happy with this one.I love a good vs. evil movie , the kind where the good guy learns of a caper , chases down the bad guy , hits him around a few times when the bad guy tries to get away . `` Batman Begins '' is not about chasing bad guys . It is about Bruce Wayne , and why and how he became the Caped Crusader.If outlined , it might come across like other super hero movies . The strength of the movie is how it reaches into the details , and how the story is told.Fans of Batman in the comics , and followers of the movie series know the origin story . Bruce 's parents are killed when he is a child , and he determines to bring justice through training and by using his parents ' vast fortune to provide him the tools he needs . The story is the same.Why tell an old story again ? Because all we have ever have been given was an outline -- we want more . The years between Bruce 's parent 's death and when he first wore the cape in Gotham City have always been a mystery.How did he train ? What fueled his intensity ? How did he get the uniform ? Why bats ? How did he get the bat cave ? If he is just a human , why do n't bullets kill him ? All of these questions and more are answered in a satisfying way , and hopefully will inspire deeper super hero movies.Parts of the plot are confusing , like the Scare Crow 's persona . Kids might not make the connection psychologically . Younger kids might have trouble with the drug-induced hallucinogenic episodes meant to scare the victims . If they can handle the old `` Willie Wonka '' movie , this should be OK.It does n't get a perfect grade only because I had trouble believing that this very human Bruce Wayne could adapt as quickly as he did to the special machinery and vehicles , and learn to fight in the mountains so adeptly in what seemed just a few months . The difference between Batman and Superman has always been the humanity of Wayne . Occasionally , the movie stretched this a step too far . Ignore a few of those scenes , and you 'll enjoy `` Batman Begins . `` Anthony Trendleditor , HungarianBookstore.com
 Batman Begins is FREAKIN ' COOL !!!! Best Live-Action Batman Ever.Christian Bale is the Best Live-Action Batman/Bruce Wayne.Excellent acting from Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , Gary Oldman , and Liam Neesom make this a top-notch film.A
 If George Clooney said that he had killed the Batman franchise , Chistian Bale had revived it.In fact it is not truly fair to say George Clooney killed the franchise because the last series of franchise were killed by greed and bad screenplay . Michael Keaton was unhappy with the direction the seies went and decided not to reprise the third time . History proved that he was right . Nonetheless , Batman Begins breathed new air into this stagnant fossilised franchise and brought it back to life.Batman begins adopted the same dark tune that Tim Burton had set for the series but the emotion in this one is even darker . There was an in depth study of Bruce Wayne and Batman 's psychology that departs itself from the last two movies . In the first one , we had the unwilling hero and in the second one we had the lover-enemey relationship between Batman and Catwoman . In the third and the fourth one , the villains had taken over the limelight with technology leaving two empty shells for the audience to wondering what is actually happening.The childhood memories and haunting of Bruce Wayne had led him into complete emotional and psychological breakdown . He could not face himself nor anyone he knew . He chose an exiled life and prepared to complete the cycle by punishing bad guys in the jail , which he got himself into . He was `` rescued '' by a mysterious man who eventually unfolded a series of events that Bruce had never thought of . The respect and pain relationship between Liam Neeson and Christian Bale was well portrayed and written ; nonetheless Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman got the best lines in the movie . Katie Holmes had been overshadowed not by Tom but by the lack of performance she could have in the movie . Despite that she is the only lead , she is hardly `` leading '' the story in any sense . There are quite a number of other baddies in the movie but most of them did n't really make their mark in the movie , except maybe for Cillian Murphy who played the villain doctor.The main difference of Batman Begins from other similar movie is the abandonment of extensive CGI for effects . As the actors themselves said , Batman is never a superpower hero so it does n't make sense to have a lot of CGI to do the stunts while they are not difficult to do by the actors themselves . The product was series of fast paced fighting and melee scenes that could leave an impression in your mind . The gadgets are popular and well know gadgets but they were well used and well explained scientifically in the movie . Like the way they explained about the cape . The Batmobile was a bit stylishly clumsy but it served its purpose of originally designed as a battle tank . If you want to find flaws , it would be some illogical bits in the movie like why if the whole construction on top of a snow mountain exploded , there was no avalanche following ? Also how come all of a sudden a mountain resident who never uttered a word of English could speak a line in fluent English ? Nonetheless they are just minor stuff and actually if you do n't care , they are quite amusing.The movie ended with a very good link to the first Batman movie that could play the music in your heart.In all Batman Begins is a successful reinstalment of the franchise and unless Warner Bros committed the wrong choice again to kill it off , it could well leave good credentials for the franchise to survive in the current generation of movie goers .
 YES ! Now I can came closer to anyone with a Batman movie and say `` THIS is Batman '' . I know that because of the lack of interest of some people for comic books and the lack of interest of the previous directors to make a decent Batman movie , many people got the wrong impression about the big bat man all these years . But believe me , like it , or not , THIS is the REAL Batman !! Dark , misterious , cursed with his fathers ' death , a man without fear of make justice at any cost . A man that trained his phisic , mind , a great criminologist , detective , scientist , fighter , THIS was the Batman that we waited to see all these years on the big screen.That 's very interesting something that Goyer did , in get elements from the firts Batman comics in the late 60 's and 70 's -LRB- Bob Kane , Bill Finger , Denny O'Neal , Neal Adams -RRB- , like the Wayne family getting off of a Opera House , and the new writers , like Frank Miller -LRB- Batman Year One , Dark Knight -RRB- . The movie is trully inspired on the story in the comic Batman Year One , but most of the time centered on Bruce Wayne/Batman . The vehicle was inspired on the famous minisserie Dark Knight , published in the beginning of the 80 's . There 's no doubt about it ! Christian Bale IS Bruce Wayne/Batman ! He was conscientious that he had to play three roles in the movie . The Batman , the playboy Bruce Wayne and the real Bruce Wayne . His voice tone demonstrate what role he was playing at the moment . TERRIFIC !! He got the right spirit and idea behind the complex mind of his character and did an amazing job ! He became to be what Christopher Reeve was for Superman ! And I would be very unjust to not mention others like Michael Caine -LRB- Alfred -RRB- , Gary Oldman -LRB- James Gordon -RRB- , Morgan Freeman -LRB- Lucius Fox -RRB- that did great jobs as well.Definitely , this is the REAL and only one adaptation from Batman to the movies . Forget about all the CRAP of the old ones . Batman Begins HERE !! THE DARK KNIGHT RIDES AGAIN !!
 In Tim Burton 's 1989 Batman , we got to see the title character onscreen and in action within the first ten minutes of the film . However in Batman Begins , Director Christopher builds the story slowly . We are a nearly a full hour into the 140 minute film before we see the Caped Crusader for the first time . This would not be the only contrast in this latest , and best Batman film . What sets this film apart from any of the previous Batman films is the depth of character development not of the Batman character , but of the Bruce Wayne character . By the time Joel Schumacher came out with his awful `` Batman & Robin '' the character of Bruce Wayne was nearly lost among a host of heroes , villains , and campy silliness . Credit Christopher Nolan for taking Batman and Bruce Wayne serious.For the first time we really get a sense of what drives and motivates Bruce Wayne to become Batman . Comic fans have known this for years but this was never conveyed with any skill or intensity in the previous films . Here we see a man who has gone into seclusion , far from the rest of the world due to his inability to cope with his own fears and guilt over the murder of his parents years earlier . Wayne is tutored under than hand of Ra 's Ah Ghul a mysterious figure from comic lore , who trains ninjas to carry out their own brand of justice . Wayne 's difference of opinion with the oriental war lords tactics lead to a violent confrontation as Wayne escapes the mountain stronghold and returns to Gotham to find he 'd been declared dead and that Gotham is infested more than ever with crime , led by organized crime boss Carmine Falcone . Wayne is reunited with loyal butler Alfred played magnificently by Michael Caine . Caine 's Alfred is a more hands on character than we 've seen in previous films , aiding Bruce in the development of the Batcave in tunnels found underneath Wayne Manor.Wayne also is aided by Lucious Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- the head of R & D at Wayne Industries . Jack Nicholson asked in the first movie , `` Where does he get those wonderful toys ? '' Well the answer is from Lucious Fox who developed the body army , memory fabric cape , weapons , and the new Batmobile referred to as `` The Tumbler '' . He 's kind of like Batman 's `` Q '' , and provides some much needed detail and backstory . I mean even stalwart comic fans have always wondered if Batman came up with all this stuff on his own . There 's a great tip of the cap to Bob Kane 's original Batman origin when Wayne encounters the bats in the caves and overcomes his fears and realizes that the bat is an image that will strike fear into criminals . It 's these little touches that make this movie so good.The rest of the supporting cast is superb , too . Gary Oldman plays an uncharacteristic normal and good guy role as office Jim Gordon , before he would become Commissioner Gordon as the lone honest cop that Batman trusts to aid him . This very much stays with the canon created in the Batman Year One story by Frank Miller . Cillian Murphy of `` 28 Days Later '' is Dr. Jonathan Crane , a psychiatrist in charge of Arkham Asylum who also takes on the guise of Scarecrow , using a powdered drug to induce fear and psychosis into those who breathe in the drug . Murphy fits the gangly scarecrow character very well.Christopher Nolan has contrasted the comic look of Schumacher and the Gothic/Art Deco look of Burton to present Gotham has a gritty , dirty , slimy cesspool , overrun by the criminal element and desperately calling out for rescue . Lets also give kudos to the cinematography of Simon Margetts and Wally Pfister . The scenery was just gorgeous . In the final summation this is really Christian Bale 's movie . He is Bruce Wayne . He comes the closest by far , of playing the character the way he 's always been depicted in comics for over 65 years . We can only hope that Warner will continue to let this creative group continue to handle the Batman franchise.Reviewed by Tim Janson
 This movie got Batman exactly right for the first time . Great film .
 While watching this film in IMAX this summer , I noticed a couple of things about Batman Begins
 When i went to see this film , i was filled with both hope and fear . I hoped Nolan would make a return to the dark and gritty world that Burton had made in the first two movie , and i feared he had done a `` Shumacher '' on the world . Luckily , he had done the first.Batman is such an intriguing character . He is not a superhero , such as spiderman or superman , he has no powers . So that is the platform that allows Burton and now Nolan to create a more mature storyline , it does not need to be colourful and bright . It is a storyline that is believable to adults.Burton originally created the dark fairytale , he turned batman from a dark comic book character and turned him into a believable vigilante with a story line that was plausable , if slightly far-fetched . Nolan has now carried on with this approach to the fable , and it can be seen with most of the movie being related to a more modern day issue of drugs , and with the villans in the story not being `` Supervillians '' , but insted just mortals with a taste for havoc.Now , when finding out that this chapter is seperate to the former versions of the Burton/Shumacher series , I like many of you were afraid that their work was thrown away -LRB- if you can call what Shumacher did work -RRB- . But then , you will realise that this instalment is no different to `` Batman '' or `` Batman Forever '' . All three of these films were the start of individual views on th franchise . Burton created the dark fairytale that was so chillingly made , while Shumacher made a `` Child-friendly '' version , without all the darkness and with the colour , and Jim Carrey . All three directors have taken individual parts in the series . Nolan is createing another darker version , with a much more modern role within it.However , when i heard that the new film was not linked to the older films , i felt worried that the films would be scrapped from memory , but i will not worry because i have now realised that each director has made his own series , there is already a split within the franchise . This was never picked up before because the two series never clashed so obviously as the new film does with the original films . Thankfully , one of the differences within the stories told is that in Batman Begins , we finally have a good insight into his parents death . Burton chose the Joker , in his human form , would be their killer . However , the batman legend tells us that batman never get vengence from the killer as it is belived he would loose his motivation . Schumacher then tried to tell us that Two face , despite previously a upstanding DA as Harvey Dent and not becoming a psycho killer until years after the murder , killed his parents . He then ran out of the funeral with a red book , through a wood in the rain , before being scared by a solitary bat flying in slow motion . This time , it combats the stupidity of Schmachers version while keeping to the legend , which Burton did not . It is said that it was `` crime '' that killed his parents -LRB- or at least a man forced to rob and kill through a depression -RRB- and that he never got a chance to get vengance for the murder . this means that he wil never loose his motivation . This is finally a plausable explination without disturbing the legend , something the series has always needed.Overall the legend has been split before between the directors , instead be happy that Nolan has restored the element that has been mising with Schumachers movies , The part that made it a favourite for many people . The darkness and realism that sets it apart from all the other superhero films .
 Comparing this Batman film to the previous 4 intiated by Tim Burton in '89 would be like comparing Gotham Apples to Metropolis Oranges . But ... the darkness Burton opened with in his first film , is surpassed here by this extended origin tale . Although , no obvious influence comes from Frank Miller graphic novel storyline Batman
 Batman Begins shows that it is possible to have a well plotted movie , with CGI effects shine when you have a set of first rate actors playing the roles.From Bale , to Caine to the Cillian Murphy 's absolutely PERFECT Dr. Craine and the even more perfect Liam Neeson the acting not only complements the action and CGI but rises above it.This is a loose adaption of BATMAN year 1 series it is so well done that I ca n't wait to see the next one.I 've yet to see another picture this year that was so worth my money and worth yours.Note to Mr. Lucas , ACTING ! ACTING ! ACTING !
 I was n't a huge fan of Christopher Nolan 's first few films -LRB- Memento , Insomnia , Following -RRB- but this one is on a whole other level in my mind . Takes the comic book format as far as it can go and leaves us wanting more . Christian Bale is the definitive Bruce Wayne/Batman and Michael Caine delivers a truly great performance as Alfred . The entire cast is unbelievably good especially -LRB- Gary Oldman , Mark Boone Junior , Rutger Hauer and of course Morgan Freeman -RRB- and the script is very well written . Too early to say if its better than the first two Superman films but it certainly gives them a run for their money . The score is also quite good and the editing -LRB- pacing -RRB- is to die for throughout the film . Why ca n't more films in this genre be this good ? Ca n't wait till the sequel comes out !
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . Great effects , very good plot line ... well worth the money and a good change from the previous Batman titles -LRB- which , I thought were very good -- hey , it 's from a COMIC BOOK -RRB- !
 If you like campy , lame humor , terrible acting , and falling asleep while watching a movie then pop in a copy of BATMAN and ROBIN into you dvd player . If you like dark movies with great acting and awesome characters then go see BATMAN BEGINS!This is not a Joel Schumacher -LRB- or however you spell it -RRB- movie for half wits . This is how Batman is supose to be done!This is a film well done and needed so badly to keep the Batman alive . It developes Bruce Wayne from a small boy to his training to become a crime fighter and finally to becomming fear itself in the hearts of of those cool bad guys in Gotham.We finally learn where Batman gets `` All those wonderful toys '' . A great flick for comic fans and anyone who likes action and a great story . Check it out !
 This is a very impressive and well-structured cinematic rework of Batman 's origins . The cast is first rate . Christian Bale 's performance is impressive adding a dimension of emotion to the stoic side of the character . Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard 's score for BATMAN BEGINS is mesmerizing and quite moving . There is a lot of pent up emotion , energy and haunting beauty just waiting to explode . This is not your typical BATMAN score established by Danny Elfman but it maintains an undercurrent of continuous movement and vibrancy and is just overwhelmingly enthralling . It examines a meaningful nature of the character and his motivations augmenting Christian Bale 's dedicated performance perfectly . The plot is also very solid . When I think of how the origin of Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- was interwoven into the film , I was impressed . This Batman film succeeds on every level .
 The HD-DVD quality is superb . The movie is outstanding . Great product !
 A must have for HD DVD owners . Awesome picture . Awesome sound . I ca n't say enough good things about this movie , artistically or technically .
 All the press releases to the first Batman by Burton alluded to how different the character would be older , darker , at conflict with continuing role as a crime fighter . What we got was a semblance attempt by Michael Keaton , brow furrowed thru most of the film , to deal with his dual identity which came off shallow and unconvincing and of course being outclassed by Nichcolsons Joker didnt help either.Well finally Christian Bale , working with an excellent script brings us the darkside of Batman and what makes him tick . This movie makes great effort to unfold his story , not rushing thru his metamorphises from Bruce Wayne to the Batman and allows us to follow a delightfull , errr , reimaging of how he got his clothes , weapons and Batmobile and how he had to strive to better what he got to suit his purposes.Gary Oldman , that wonderfull chameleonish actor now puts on the threads of Jim Gordon , before he became commisioner and he does a fantastic job of making choices between what Batman might be , just another thug jockeying for position in gotham by eliminating the Falconi mob and what he really is , someone who wants to help.Michael Caine as Alfred ? I wont insult this genius by trying to say anything , positive though it may be , about a role he was born to play.Liam Neeson , I didnt feel for his character , I never thought he played the philosopher warrior well anywhere . Neither as Qui Jon the Jedi nor as the man who tries to induct Bruce into the league of shadows . It all sounds like he was reading directly fromt he script in monotone .
 I 've seen the previous Batman movies . This one is by far the best . Just the `` feel '' of the movie is so different than the other ones . It 's still kind of dark , but I think it has more action and substance . Not so typical as the other ones.I 've probably watched this movie 5 times so far .
 BATMAN BEGINS -LRB- 2005 -RRB- Warner Bros. . PicturesRelease Date
 Watched this HD DVD last night , the picture quality was breathtaking and the TrueHD Sound was superb . It blew away the SD version that I already owned . It was an excellent transfer from film to HD DVD . The picture was very sharp and detail , among the best HD DVDs . The sound was rocking the house during the part where the bat mobile was jumping from roof to roof . The storyline is pretty good showing the childhood of Bruce Wayne to how he became Batman . A must have for any movie fan .
 All that can be said has been . This is an excellent film ! . Wanted to let buyers know that Amazon is having a problem withcurrent stock of this edition missing the comic book . I triedtwo copies and gave up . Returns were easy and efficient . . just beware if you buy , the current batch they have has no comic book .
 my prayers have been answered . after the Batman series was left a smoldering corpse after Batman & Robin it looked like the dark knight would never rise again . then Christopher Nolan and David Groyer picked up the project . jump starting the series all over again getting ride of those neon lights , cheesy dialouges , and thos ridiculous bat nipples , this new Batman flick erases the events of the first four films and take us way back to Batman 's origins . we find our hero Bruce Wayne in some prison were he meets the mysterious Ducard -LRB- Neeson in another mentor role -RRB- who takes him to the league of shadows ruled by the mysterios Ra 's Al Ghul . after his training he returns to Gotham City to find it a mess . criminals roam the street , people in power are corrupt , and no one has the guts to stand up and take action . its then Bruce becomes Batman , fighting to save Gotham from the corrupt crime bosses to the vile Scarecrow . Christian Bale is perfect as the dark knight , almost as perfect as Micheal Keaton , who most remembered as the lunatic from American Psycho but he brings the Batman 's hurt and pain and some light hearteness that made Keaton so good . Katie Holmes is surprisingly very good in her first grown-up role . Micheal Caine as the good butler Alfred brings some well needed comic relief . not just those three but the other cast memebers are great from Gary Oldman , Cillian Murphy , Tom Wilkinson , and Ken Watanabie in his fairly small role . this movie really saved the franchise and i ca n't wait until the sequel titled `` the Dark Knight '' -LRB- pretty nicely fitted -RRB- comes out , ecpecially when Heath Ledger -LRB- the guy from Brokeback Mountain -RRB- will be playing the Joker . i know , a bit of an odd choice but still we thought Nicholson was an odd choice for the original Joker and look how that turned out . so , if your a true Bat-aholic this is the film we 've been waiting for .
 This is Batman back to basics . The unique and great thing about the Batman mythology is that he is not a Super Hero ; other comics heroes have some super natural power butBatman is a regular human who suffered and continues to suffer and who is trying to avenge his suffering . This movie brings Batman back to that circle of the human factor and focuses more on the human side of Batman unlike the other fluffy Batman movies.Being a long time Batman reader and fan I recommend this movie .
 From a person who grew up reading about Batman comics this was a treat ... in Hi-Def . While I did n't have the system to punch out the True HD-DTS , watching it in mere DTS was a thrill . This is how the Batman was meant to be seen , the serious dark side . Ca n't wait for the Dark Knight to come out in the same format . But for now , for those die hard lovers of the character , a must buy .
 This movie was really great . Made all the other Batman movies look trite . It all felt really real .
 I bought this movie on Blu-Ray with high expectations , and they were all met . I love this movie and it is only made better on blu-ray . This movie looks and sounds awesome ! I thought it was way sweet that they included the opening sceen from the Dark-Knight on this dvd , I did n't even know they were doing this so it was a bonus . Now I ca n't wait for the Dark Knight to come out on blu-ray !
 I ordered Batman Returns DVD from Amazon.com and received my purchase in new condition about two working days later . I bought the product new , and received the DVD as described in the description . I have been a consistent shopper on Amazon . I have yet to run into any problems . I would recommend this site to everyone , it 's really great .
 What a fantastic blu ray picture sound track and making of the best part was the added scene of the Dark Night 10/10
 Christian Bale is the best choice to play Batman so far . This is a much more believable Caped Crusader and less cartoonish take on a well known character that has been around some sixty odd years . As a young boy I was a fan of the television series with Adam West and found the premise aptly geared toward younger viewers . Today 's Batman is a hero for all ages and this first installment will set the standard for quite some time . Having seen the Dark Knight and finding it equally as good if not better I can only hope that Bale will stay on board in the title role for at least a few more . Someone with his talent need n't worry about type casting as he makes any part his own . If the cape fits , wear it !
 In 2005 's `` Batman Begins '' , Director Christopher Nolan revives a franchise gone stale by reimagining Batman 's origins . An outstanding cast brings to life a solid , action-filled , but intriguingly introspective script , aided by a whole new family of gadgets and some excellent special effects.Christian Bale is Bruce Wayne , orphaned by the murder of his wealthy parents and raised by the family 's faithful butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine in a genius piece of casting -RRB- . Driven as a young man to seek revenge on the criminal underworld , his first attempt fails miserably . Bruce exiles himself to a lonely odessey that brings him to a prison somewhere in the Himalayas and to the attention of the mysterious Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who offers him a destination . Bruce Wayne journeys to an isolated monastery , where a group known as the League of Shadows trains him in martial arts , cures him of a childhood fear , and provides him with purpose.Bruce Wayne returns to Gotham City , to create his crime-fighting personna and to meet honest cop Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- and genius inventor Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- . Bruce Wayne 's cover life as a rich and idle playboy brings him back into contact with life-long love Rachel Dawes -LRB- a surprisingly effective Katie Holmes -RRB- , who upbraids Bruce for his apparent lack of purpose in life.The newly minted Batman confronts Gotham 's criminal underworld , discovering a mysterious plot involving a psychiatrist with a dangerous secret and a deadly connection to Bruce Wayne 's past . Unraveling the plot places at risk everything that Batman and Bruce Wayne hold dear . The movie 's climactic action sequence is a breathless and original thrill ride.The movie succeeds in part because the maturing Bruce Wayne gets as much if not more screen time than his caped alter ego . The action sequences are dark , violent , and realistic , and the new Batman takes his share of lumps . The family of gadgets includes an all-terrain batmobile , the usual Batman tool belt , and a thrilling way to fly . Bruce Wayne 's relationship with Rachel Dawes is handled with an admirable restraint that recognizes the reality of his competing responsibilities . `` Batman Begins '' is very highly recommended as an outstanding and nuanced reimagining of the Batman story , told with crisp dialogue and plenty of thrilling action .
 After the colossal flop that was `` Batman and Robin '' , the entire Batman franchise went into a bit of a lull . Rumors of a `` young Bruce Wayne becoming Batman '' movie circulated for years , but nothing substantial was finalized . That is , of course , until this masterpiece from Christopher Nolan.Whereas the first two Batman films were very gothic , and the following two were little more than action-adventure fare , this film delved into the important issue of `` why is a man driven to dress up as a bat ? '' The other films used the old , tired `` murdered parents '' excuse , but Nolan realized that the psyche of Batman goes much deeper than familial matters.Thus , the plot of this movie centers on Bruce Wayne 's transformation into the Dark Knight , an intriguing process that probes the very roots and civilized society and makes us question whether `` right '' really is `` right '' . The genius of this film , as a result , is the portrayal of Batman as a vigilante , not entirely accepted by all citizens of Gotham City . Is he a psychotic criminal , or a winged avenger who does what the police force can and will not ? Can the primarily villain , The Scarecrow of comic book fame , be stopped by traditional means , or is Batman -LRB- despite his violent tendencies -RRB- actually needed to keep the peace ? Those questions are what will keep this movie in your mind long after viewing.Lest I get too philosophical , though , this film contains its fair share of exciting chases and intense action , staples of summer superhero films . However , it is the almost seamless weaving of those elements into the overall storyline -LRB- not just pointless action like this film 's predecessor -RRB- that combines into an overall thrilling experience.Finally , the acting in this movie is terrific . Christian Bale is easily the best Batman to date , while an ensemble cast of Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Katie Homes , Gary Oldman , and Morgan Freeman are delightful to watch in each 's respective role.Overall , this film is nearly the perfect amalgamation of intense action , superb acting , and thought-provoking plot . If you were intrigued by the first two Batman films but fell away from the franchise after `` Batman and Robin '' , you need to re-discover the true Dark Knight as represented by this film .
 Blu-Ray quality is amazing both in sound and visuals , would have loved more extras but excellent all in all .
 After watching the Dark KNight , twice , I could n't help but thinking ` why everybody is so crazy about the neew movie , is n't the Begins way better ? ` I 'm not here to criticize the Dark KNight , because it really is a great movie that has everything . Smart and sly evil character doing whatever he can to destroy people 's lives , and the Batman struggling to keep up with his selfcommitment to justice without people 's fair recognition . What a Drama.However after all , I should raise hand of the Batman Begins.This movie answers every questions of batman lovers will ever have.His origin , his philosophy , his characteristic , his agony , his struggle , his courage , his brilliance ... in a very quasi-realistic way.and most importantly , this movie answers WHY the Bruce Wayne is going through all those , sacrificing his reputation , personal relationships , and risking his life at all.For just weekend moviegoer , Dark Knight must be a Great Movie.but for True Batman Maniac like me , Begins is the mile stone that resurrected , personified , and liberated the Batman .
 A great movie . I wanted to see it again after seeing The Dark Knight Rises . The Nolan treatment of the character , while `` dark '' -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- is just what The Batman needed . Christian Bale is a bit self-indulgent , but is n't Bruce Wayne ?
 Since the final movie in the Dark Knight trilogy came out not too long ago , I decided to get myself up to speed on what had happened so far before its release . And boy am I glad I did . Christian Bale is HOT and I loved seeing him put through his paces .
 Absolutely outstanding movie ... thought it was better than the Dark Knight 1 . I highly recommend this movie . I also love the fact that an on demand Amazon online version came with the movie . I was able to watch the movie instantly without having to wait for it to be delivered -LRB- extremely fast I might add -RRB- .
 Hadnt seen this movie in a while had it on VHS tape & wanted it on DVD & its a great movie !!!
 I was hesitant to do digital purchase . But 3 months later , still good . Have watched it 4 + times and still have option of porting it to two different devices . A great movie to own and watch again and again .
 We all know what type of movie this was . They should have a law to follow the formula this movie has .
 THis was exactly what i wanted , and the price was hard to beat . It was extremly good deal . I 'm glad I bought itEverything was great . The movie came in the time alloted , and I have n't had a problem with this at all .
 It 's beautiful slipe cover . It 's a great movie with a lot of special features , the sound e imagem was amazing too .
 Being of a younger generation , I never saw any of the older Batman films . I think it was a good descision of Nolan 's to start from the beginning ... It 's intriguing , this film , with plenty of good acting and casting . Liam Neeson is , as always , phenomonal . His voice alone is enough to make me shiver with fright.Christian Bale is also very good . While I can not compare him with any of the previous Batmans , I 'll go and guess that he could n't have been much of a let down . He is a very good actor.Michael Caine positively ROCKS as Alfred.Something that appealed to me , opposing popular superhero films , is the fact the Bruce Wayne does n't actually have super powers . Not only does this saves us from a corny `` scientific '' explanation -LRB- cosmic radiation , more than likely -RRB- for why he can do this or that , but it also helped me connect with the character more.It 's a good start for what should be one heck of a series . I ca n't wait for the sequel.Favorite line
 ABSOLUTELY!I am not a fan of the Dark Knight . While I have read some of the comics and seen the earlier movies the overall storyline never snagged an interest in me UNTIL BATMAN BEGINS!This film is so impressive that I am simply dumbstruck . The director deserves a medal for one of the most telling storylines of the entire saga , comic book or other media , ever . Within the narrow window of themovie 's timeline the evolution of the character is very well presented and provides an excellent introduction to the inherent attitude that drives Batman , a man possessed.It is the nature of that possession and its power which enables and emboldens the character and which is so well defined within this movie.I can only summarized this film as a Tim Burton meets Rambo extravaganza!Definitely watch it several times !
 I have always felt that this is the better of the Batman movies , simply because it does more to explain how Bruce Wayne became the bat man . Nolan finally did an interpretation of the beginning that fans have wanted for a very long time.Tim Burton did an excellent job on Batman and Batman Returns -LRB- the Danny DeVito portrayal of the Penguin still makes my skin crawl . -RRB- , however when Joel Shumacher was brought on board , it was pretty much the death knell for this franchise . The people who wrote the scripts for the Schumacher films need to be taken out and shot and those that allowed those films to be made need to be shot as well ... or perhaps some electro shock therapy would help ?
 Amazing picture quality & audio quality . By far the best Hi Def version release to date . HD DVD does it right the first time .
 Fox
 Unfortunately , I did not like this film as much as some of the other reviewers . The story was ok , but I think Scarecrow -LRB- and some of the special effects used around the charatcer and Batman -RRB- really kept it from tanking because Katie Holmes was just plain corney . I really think they could have used a better actress -LRB- a la Charlize Theron -RRB- . The HD DVD picture quality of course is there and the In Movie Experience is what helped make this one of the highset selling HD DVDs ever . Its a good film but not perfect . Still this is an essential HD DVD purchase if you can overlook some of the film 's shortcomings.HD DVD picture 8.5 HD DVD sound 9Batman Begins story 7.5 Action 8.5
 There were and are a few grumblings from critics here and there but ultimately this film garnered near unanimous applause and a huge sigh of relief . Batman Begins is not perfect by any measure but is easily the best Batman movie ever , not that it had serious competition from it 's predecessors . The first thing director Christopher Nolan does is say the hell with the neon colors , the over the top comic book sensibility , the freakshow circuses , let 's take Batman back to his roots . Strip him of all the tarnish and the villians and the crazy gadgets . Let 's go to the core of who he is . Who is Batman ? Who is Bruce Wayne ? How did Bruce Wayne become Batman ? Everyone knows the answers to these questions but we never saw these questions answered vividly before our very eyes on the cinematic screen before Batman Begins . One of the genius strokes of this movie is the fact that Batman is not even shown onscreen for the first hour of the film ! Unbelievable ! That had to have Warner Brothers executives biting their fingernails incessantly . Will those pesky teenagers in the audience sit still as the story of Batman is allowed to unfold at an unhurried pace ? Apparently those pesky teenagers were n't so dumb after all since the film was quite a hit . Hey , even adults liked this movie , two birds with one stone.Christian Bale is the best actor to inhabit this character , ever . Some may have their nostalgia for Michael Keaton but Keaton was very low-key and let the freakshow villians dominate his movies with their antics . Christian Bale 's Bruce Wayne/Batman is a marked difference from previous actors , he is involving and fascinating as a character . From the tragedy of his past to the glory of his future , the whole path of this character makes perfect dramatic sense . Michael Caine does his job as Alfred , Liam Neeson is an intelligent villian , Cillian Murphy gets a bit on my nerves , but anyhow , the only person who lets the cast down is Katie Holmes . She 's just there to be a pretty face and she 's not that pretty ! Gary Oldman as Gordan is right on the money . Morgan Freeman , Tom Wilkinson and even Rutger Hauer are terrific supporting characters . Ken Watanabe 's short appearance is significant too . That 's a lot of name actors!The script and pacing are terrific , however Batman Begins does have it 's faults . Let me list them . There seems to be too many characters and plot points as if Nolan wants to ram a far more epic story into the running time . Then there is the question of the action scenes , Nolan 's directing of action is still in it 's infancy and there is no action set-piece to take your breath away and go , `` Wow , that 's amazing ! '' . So the action scenes leave something to be desired and the Batmobile looks like -LSB- ... -RSB- to be honest , but it 's design makes sense in light of Nolan 's more realistic take on the whole Batman mythology . -LRB- The Batmobile still looks very derivative , admit it ! -RRB- . Overall , this film was a joy to watch . I saw it on the huge IMAX screen and was very happy to finally be witness to the Batman film we all rightfully deserved . In light of the box-office victory and the critical triumph , this film should not have been called Batman Begins , but instead Batman Redeemed !
 Whilst we do own the two ` Donner ' Superman HD movies , this is one of our first more recent HD titles and I must agree with most of the other reviews here ... I am not disappointed at all!I love Batman as a character as he is NOT super , gamma-ray blasted , a mutant , has not had a nasty encounter with arachnids etc , he 's just a guy . The only thing that makes him different from us is his wealth , that aside , he a man . A rich , revenge crazed , power dresser - now that 's a place to start a character off at.The story is very believable and Chris Bale covers the aspect of his tortured psyche very well . Whilst the story does intially seem to be a bit of a slow builder , it does pop along at a decent lick until the time when BATMAN in on screen non-stop for the final reel.I loved the 1989 Burton version of BATMAN - it was just right for the time . And so Chris Nolan 's version is now right for our time.As one of our first HD buys , this really knocked us out of our chair ! It was awsome . Before this , we had a multi-region capable upscaling DVD and that made our R1 standard DVD look really great - I could n't see it being bettered by much ... turns out that I was wrong.There may be better out there , but I really do like this one and I recommend it to anyone.Roll on the BATMAN RETURNS sequel .
 1 . Picture transfer - 8 -LRB- 1/10 -RRB- 2 . Sound transfer - 8 -LRB- 1/10 -RRB- 3 . Movie Content - 8 -LRB- 1/10 -RRB- This was , in my opinion , the best of all of the Batman series . The action was far more believable and the fighting scenes were much more true to life - sloppy and random with pushing and rolling . The scenes and/or locations had a good range from dank and droopy city shots to bright and gorgeous mountain range footage . I rate this movie a solid 8 , which to me means I am glad I bought it , but yes there is better . For the price however I would say that this disc is exactly as advertised , a good first HD DVD to own.PS . Take my advice the only way to win a war is to recieve benefit from both sides victories -LRB- ala Switzerland -RRB- . If you have the money purchase both an HD and a Blu-ray and let them out do each other . If you must purchase one I would go with the Blue-Ray , - much more stable platform -LRB- Toshiba dominates the HD DVD market and my experience is that Toshibas are very unstable , regardless of firmware -RRB- and anyone who says that one has a way better picture or sound is either lying or is trying to compare apples to oranges -LRB- different movies can not be compared -RRB- . Also be very carefull when you buy a Blu-ray player , I would wager that all pretty much supply the same quality picture , but alot of companies have extra sound options , such as Dolby True HD or Digital Plus , as well as DTS HD . Now all of these names sound cool but in reality all you need is an uncompressed PCM sound track . I bought a Samsung as compared to a Sony because of the price difference and I 'll never care or think twice about some of the sound `` options '' I `` passed on '' .
 I thought that this was a very good adaptation of Batman . It is definitely the best of the ones that have been done . The cast was excellent and Christian Bale does and outstanding job . Michael Caine , Gary Oldman , and Liam Neeson are all solid as usual . The only glaring weekness in the cast is Katie -LRB- oops sorry Tom ! I meant KATE -RRB- Holmes . She is totally miscast and like in Thank You For Smoking I believe she got the part because of her relationship with the ambiguous sudo husband Tom Cruise because she is not a great or good actress and she certainly is not attractive enough to be playing the fem fatale or sexy leading lady . But enough of the bashing of TomCAT . One of the reasons I like this movie is that it started out digging deap into the character and how he became Batman without waisting too much time rehashing the whole story of when he was a kid that we saw in the Michael Keaton Batman . This tells of the teenage Bruce Wayne and how he learns his fighting skills . Also , you have the whole development of the character and all his weapons and gear . The Batmobile just plain ROCKS ! Like other Batman movies they seem to think you ca n't just have one villiam so you get The Scarecrow who was good and plaid by a really creepy guy that was in the movei about the really creepy guy on the airplane . And Ra Sa Ghul who is done just perfectly . But why they ca n't just have one villian in these movies just amazes me.All in all this movie was just awesome and if you love Batman or have never seen it or read it before you will like this adaptation .
 I was pleased with the way everything was handled.I would use this service again .
 Sorry , I did not see this movie . It was a gift.The service was very good.Fast delivery and product was new as promised .
 A great Blu-ray disc with which to start a new Blu-ray disc collection . Ca n't wait to see the Black Knight when it comes out later -LRB- probably around X-mas -RRB- .
 very fast delivery . if you like any of the batman series you will really enjoy this . Great special effects and gritty plot-line . Wanted it for my nephew Mason to see . Excellent movie .
 I actually enjoyed this movie quite a bit , but it may be a touch overrated . Adequate if not good performances by all members of the cast , especially Christian Bale , who comes across as interesting , charismatic , and likeable . The imagery may have been a bit run of the mill compared to a Tim Burton rendering . Nonetheless , the Batman franchise seems to still be alive and well with this latest edition . Author ofAdjust Your Brain
 I LOVE this movie more than so many others . It has become one of my favorites !
 `` Batman Begins '' -LRB- 2005 -RRB- directed by Christopher Nolan , takes us to the origins of Bruce Almighty aka Dark Night aka Batman . I have to admit that I have not seen any Batman 's movies ; so it made sense to explore the beginning of the legend , to find out how the billionaire Bruce Wayne ended up as a masked crusader who fought restlessly against the sinister forces that prey on the innocent and threaten to destroy Gotham City.Never been able to forget the murder of his parents before his eyes for which he felt guilty and responsible , Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- traveled the world fighting injustice with small-time criminals until one day mysterious Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- finds him and offers him the training with a mysterious and powerful League of Shadows , the organization presided over by Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- . The League of Shadows is dedicated to restoring `` balance '' to a world in which `` criminals thrive on the indulgence of society 's understanding . '' Part of Ra 's Al Ghul and Ducard plan was the total destruction of Gotham City . Bruce refuses to participate in it and returns to Gotham City where under the mask of Batman , he fights the corrupted city officials , the powerful mafia boss -LRB- Tom Wilkinson in yet another memorable performance -RRB- , and the villainous Dr. Jonathan Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy , the show stealing performance from a young actor -RRB- . By the end of the movie , we will know why Bruce chose Batman as his alter ago , we will see the original bat-mobile and will meet his friends and allies for the first time that include his trusted butler who has been always more than butler but a family member , Alfred -LRB- Michael Cane -RRB- , the head of the science department in his corporation , Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman plays a combination of God and Q -RRB- who can or have already invented anything , and honest police officer , Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman is very believable in his rare good-guy role . He also has the best quote in the movie . When watching bat mobile in action , he exclaims , `` I 've got to get me one of these ! `` Directed by a very talented master of dark and atmospheric films with deep and interesting characters , Christopher Nolan 's `` Batman Begins '' is gripping and emotional adventure which is equally interesting for the viewers of all ages and backgrounds .
 This film is much better than the other Batman films and in HD-DVD it looks fantastic .
 Christopher Nolans `` Batman Begins '' is without a doubt the best Batman film ever made -LRB- so-far -RRB- . The clash between the realism & the fictitious along with the very creepy dark undertones puts this re-imagined masterpiece on a level of its own . This is Batman with real substance & I for one loved every minute of it.can ' t wait for the next one !
 Batman Begins explores the origins of the Batman legend and the Dark Knight 's emergence as a force for good in Gotham . In the wake of his parents ' murder , disillusioned industrial heir Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- travels the world seeking the means to fight injustice and turn fear against those who prey on the fearful . He returns to Gotham and unveils his alter-ego
 Finally , an installment to the Batman film franchise that takes seriously the idea of what the graphic novels of Frank Miller and Alan Moore had in mind . When this originally was released in the theatre , folks asked me what I thought , and I told them that by comparison , the previous 4 movies WERE comic-book compared to this - a graphic novel on screen , quite literally . This is the perfect vision of what The Batman is designed to be
 If you have any like for sci-fi , hero , or action movies then you simply must give this a go . I would say it is the best action movie of the year . Better than the other Batman flicks , with a more realistic , masculine and sexy Batman . As usual with comic-book based heroes in the movies -LRB- Spiderman comes to mind -RRB- , the love interest is rather dull and insipid , but it plays such a minor role in the film that it does n't matter . The butler Arthur is superb in his role as are all the other supporting actors . Well-done script . if you analyze the plot for more than ten seconds you may be running a logic deficit and realize it 's a whole bunch of hogwash , but it is a comic book after all , and one must suspend a portion of the thinking mind . All in all , a one beer movie .
 Ever since the first batman the movies have steadly declined . Batman and robin was the definition of Horrible . This is a fresh start for batman and the BEST comic book hero movie currently made . Every thing is realistic and well thought out and explained . Its dark and gritty almost perferct . The only thing that bugged me was Kzatie holmes 's Rachel character I dont see why she was there playing Character that should have been Harvey Dent . other than katie holmes the movie is perfect .
 ` Fantastic , Emotional , and Genuinely Gripping ' says Mick LaSalle of San Francisco Chronicle . I would add ` Addictive and Philosophical ' . This film is ultimately about struggle between means to fight injustice , and their own philosophies , which , I think , is portrayed handsomely , but little artificially .
 Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento -RRB- was able to round off the mythic seeds according an original perspective about this famous fiction character . The nocturnal environment , recreating the Baroque Post-Industrial style , immediately reminded us Blade Runner ' s bitter futurist nightmare.Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman and Michael Caine are particularly effective in their respective roles . Pitifully the talent of Morgan Freeman was wasted with a minor character.A very dark portrait that illustrates even more the somber origin of this emblematic personage .
 looking for an excellent batman movie for your DVD collection?look no further ! BATMAN BEGINS is fantastic , sticks to the TRUE storytelling of how the caped crusader began , and how it should be.ingenious in all areas of filmaking , except for katie holmes , this as well as batman returns with penguin and catwoman , are both batman dvd 's to own.christian bale , a fabulous actor anyway , never lets you down in his role . very well thought out , and acted.he is charming , yet , deep down inside , still seeks revenge for the person who killed his parents.less cartoony , much more realism , and sharply directed!also , it explains how the batmobile and his costume came about.IT ALL STARTS HERE !!!!!! GREAT MOVIE !!!!!!!!
 Having watched all of the batman videos , this one is my favorite . The two disc contains the movie and a hilarious ` tankman ' spoof on one disc , special features on the other . The special features were n't that spectacular unless you are really interested in all the behind the scenes shooting , a lot of it is the director talking about his plans/ideas for the movie and how they came to be . The building of the batmobile was fairly interesting and filming of some of the stunts , most of it however was just ` filler ' to me . I would get the two disc set just for the tankman spoof , which was a great shout out by SNL .
 I must say out of the entire series of Batman movies , this one is the best . It makes the most sense . I loved the way it followed to life of Bruce Wayne in terms of how he actually becomes Batman . The other films did n't really do this , and if they did , somehow I missed it . It 's my thought that the other films focused too much on the stars , and not enough on the story of Batman , itself . This movie is more closely related to the comic strip . It shows Batman as the dark character he is , without , compromising his compassion . This is a must see . I recommend it . I enjoyed it very much !!!
 This is by far the best Batman movie I 've ever seen.Christian Bale was the right choice to play the Caped Crusader.The writing and the stunt work was very good.I am not taking anything away from Michael Keaton 's perfomance as Batman , but Liam Neeson deserve a Oscar for his performance.I ca n't wait for the sequel .
 To date , this is the best Matman movie yet . I must admit , I was a bit apprehensive since the Batman movies of the past seemed plain out cheesy , however , Batman Begins proved to be the exact opposite or it 's predecessors . Starring Christian Bale , Batman Begins is more `` true-to-life '' than the one 's of the past and emits a dark , goth , atmosphere . More Underworld-like -LRB- the movie -RRB- . You have to see this for yourself .
 This film finally answers the question I 've asked since the 60 's series ... Why do so many criminal weirdos like Gotham City ? It 's been answered for me . All the nuts in the nuthouse were let out . There is a bright future for the Batman franchise if all sequels can be done in this manner . Stay true to the comic book , keep Christopher Nolan as director , and keep Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman ... Michael Caine as Alfred is a nice touch too .
 To the moive reviewer that said batman begins sucked and batman and robin was better . You must be sooo stupid and retarded . What 's next your going to say that gigle was better than godfather . Anyway do n't listen to him this is the best movie and gives you a more better story of how bruce wayne became the dark night . It has better acting than batman and robin and is more darker .
 Ok , here it is in a nutshell , this is almost like a watching a Batman documentary , no over the top villians , no goofy sidekicks , just the complete origin of Batman . Very good acting and well paced , this movie is the polar opposite of Batman & Robyn .
 There is no doubt that batman begins is better than those funny movies called batman forever -LRB- which wasnt that bad -RRB- , and the last movie of the old series ; Batman & Robin ; -LRB- which , with the porn-star smile of george colony and the batmobil with pink light ; one of the worst movies i 've ever saw . -RRB- But what surprised me was ; This Movie is EVEN BETTER THAN TM BURTON 'S Batman movies !! Let 's face it , Tim burton is a man with great talent , but he was more interested in telling fairy tales then the real dark story of batman , and he lacked the talent to make a fast , spinning , dark action movie.Batman 1 and 2 was good but they were so slow , so disconnected ; especially the second one.i 'm not a fan of batman comics , i 've hardly completed reading an issue or two.and i wasnt a fan of batman either.Since i watched batman begins . . This batman movie is no kid movie like the previous ones.this time it tells a real , noir story.it is dark and edgy.it doesnt have a catchy main theme , instead it has a dark score almost like a horror movie , which perfectly fits in telling the story of the character.The script is a masterpiece.Every word , every item you hear and see in the movie has a purpose , nothing is a waste of time and everything comes back in the right place as they should be.The directing is as great as the sceneriowriting and the music.i mean ; even KATE HOLMES acts good !! C.Bale is the best batman ever , his voice , his standing , a perfect fit.With the great team work of the actor and the director , they not only tell the ongoing story , but also focus into the character 's own soul as well.The only thing bad about the movie is that ; you cant see `` batman `` in the first half ; which is possibly a bad thing for many people who want to see batman , but for me it worked fine ; the wait made the plessure higher.i 'm telling you , this is with no doubt the best batman movie , and there is more ; this is the best comic book movie made so far , it is as dark as blade runner or sincity , as entertaining as spider man 2 , as professional as Hulk movie.Buy this movie , and dont listen to those kids who didnt like this movie , who yearn to see batman as a dark spider man who jumps over the roofs and beats a dozen of thugs , jump to his fascinating sports car and act in cartoon logic.you dont have to be a fan of batman , i 'm not and i dont care , this is a great movie , and i cant wait to see the squel .
 This Batman was , somehow , better than the original Batman with the Joker.The storyline of where Batman came from was absolutely incredible , and Christian Bale did amazing as Bruce Wayne/Batman . The part came alive with him as it had never done before.It seems that the producers are n't thinking about it , but I personally think they should redo the Batman Legacy with Christian Bale as Batman , and follow in the vain of Batman Begins , keeping Rachel Dawes as the Love Interest -LRB- I do n't like the idea of the same guy ending up with different girls every few days ... and each movie did not pan out over many years , so ... while they were hot , I did not like the idea of the `` Bat-Babes '' -RRB- . I would love to say how they do the Joker . My two ideas for who could play the Joker are -LRB- in order of my best bet -RRB- : Johnny DeppJim CarreyAnyways ... Batman Begins is the best Batman yet . I hope they decide to make it the start of a new Batman series .
 Here in San Francisco the house was completely packed at the huge , sprawling IMAX cinema at Fourth and Mission . People say you should sit right in the middle of the audience , not too far over to the left or right , otherwise the screen will start curling at the edges and you 'll lose some of the detail of the grain . -LRB- For the same reason they say not to sit in the first few rows , for the top of the screen will seem too far away and starts `` whiting out '' like the Aurora Borealis . -RRB- I do n't know if that 's so , but why take a chance , so we picked our way through till we found a pair of seats directly under the projector . It seems to me that all big movies should be released in IMAX simultaneously to their release in regular stock , so kudos to Warner for making this happen with BATMAN BEGINS . Once the theater went dark you could hear a pin drop , and then , out of the three hundred plus speakers embedded behind the giant screen , you heard the massed orchestra , heavy with brass and glass , launch into the IMAX theme and we were all there . A whispery little promo under the strings says , `` Use your IMAXination . `` Christian Bale , America 's number one actor , outdid all of his previous roles -LRB- except those in NEWSIES and VELVET GOLDMINE -RRB- playing Bruce Wayne as a young man , younger than we 're used to seeing him and eliminating the need for a Robin in the story . Why have Robin when your Batman is just Robin 's age ? After all the brouhaha about Katie Holmes ' supposed inadequacy in the part of Rachel , I was surprised to see how good she is . For me , she has always been up and down . Good sometimes , as in THE GIFT or WONDER BOYS or THE ICE STORM , but I remember seeing that horrible , horrible picture about her being a bohemian in the East Village and trying to make a Thanksgiving dinner for her family , from whom she has been estranged , and nothing , nothing , not even Scientology , could ever be as bad as that horrible movie PIECES OF APRIL and Patricia Clarkson as her mother ! Anyhow her Rachel here was just as good as her Rachel in DISTURBING BEHAVIOR . I think people just like her playing `` Rachel , '' I 'm surprised she was n't Rachel on FRIENDS . In IMAX she soars about thirty-five feet tall and she 's a good enough actress to hold her own in scenes opposite many old pros who chew every piece of scenery they find.The people ahead of us in the theater were talking about how the DVD is supposed to have some deleted scenes that Nolan and Co. left out the BB due to excessive length . -LRB- It is pretty long , you definitely get your money 's worth . -RRB- I hope they will give us Christian Bale 's screen test ! I know many fans who would pay premium money for such a treasure .
 We Saw Batman Begins today . It was great ! I 'm not gon na spoil the story for you but it was sooooo cool ! Batman showing how his machinary works , Bruce Wayne going thru all the torture to become A hero , Batman fighting 50 people all at once , it 's just so amazing . So if you 're going to see a movie this summer that is excellent , make it this one !
 Def liked the way they kept it pretty close to the comics yet added modern twists to it . I liked the movie . . its one i can actually watch more than once and not be like aawww man not this one again .
 This movie is awesome and being a huge Batman and Dc comics fan this film made me proud lol . What more can I say about Nolan and company that has not already been said , great job guys lol
 What a great cast ... Christian Bale , Tom Wilkinson , Cilian Murphy , Liam Neeson , Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , and the greatest living actor today ... Gary Oldman . What more could you ask for?This movie introduces the beginning of Batman , as well as introduce two new villains from the Batman live-action franchise - Scarecrow and Ra 's al Ghul . It has a wonderful mix of comedy , drama , and action , as well as a very nice ending . Gotham never looked as beautifully depicted as Nolan has done . You wo n't be disappointed with this movie .
 Christian Bale is by far the best actor to play Batman . A completely believable telling of how Bruce Wayne came to be Batman . Christopher Nolan is a wonderful director who chooses , whenever possible , filming the actual effects instead of leaving it up to a special effects studio . A great movie and almost as good as The Dark Knight .
 This is a great Batman movie - the story -LRB- e.g. why he is who he is , why he dresses up like a bat , why he has a cape -RRB- actually makes sense and is not corny like some Batman movies ... It 's a different take on some of the characters -LRB- e.g. scarecrow -RRB- and I think it works much better - no Mr.Freeze !! Very entertaining movie and I highly recommend if you like superhero movies .
 I remember how this Batman film disappointed a lot of people when it first came out ... but not me . I appreciated it because they did n't overdo the violence , did n't have a stupid romance angle to muddy up the real story , and found it an interesting history of how Batman became Batman.The first hour of this `` prequel '' dealt with his origins . If you 're a fan of the comic book stories and the other Batman films , this part in the film should not bore you . It was like a documentary to me , about a topic I was interested in . In fact , on the second viewing I enjoyed this even more . The third look , a vew weeks ago , was on this Blu-Ray disc which is just almost too good for words.Christian Bale did a fine job as the latest Batman . With the success of `` The Dark Knight , '' let 's hope Bale continues with this role , so we have some continuity in this film series.It was nice to see Michael Caine in the role of `` Alfred . '' He was excellent and the stabilizing force of the story . Katie Holmes did not have anywhere near as big a role , or romantic one , as I expected . Gary Oldman was also interesting as a low-key young detective Gordon who would go on to become Commissioner.After having seen all the Batman films several times , I now think is the best of them all ... perhaps an unpopular choice , but that 's my opinion . Do n't let the naysayers keep you from watching this movie . You might be missing the best of the Batmans !
 Although he is one of the most popular and recognizable comic book superheroes in existence , Batman has usually struggled whe translated to film . The 1960s series starring Adam West was funny , but was a very campy divergence from what began as a serious character . Tim Burton 's Batman and Batman Returns , while popular , were so different from the source material as to be nearly unrecognizable . And Joel Schumacher 's Batman Forever and Batman and Robin were two of the worst superhero movies ever made . Following the bomb that was Batman and Robin , the film franchise went on hiatus for a while . Upon its return , we finally get a faithful and interesting adaptation of the Dark Knight courtesy of Christopher Nolan.Unlike previous Batman movies , which concerned themselves primarily with the superhero , this film delves deeply into his alter ego as Bruce Wayne . Batman himself does n't show up for almost the entire first half of the film . Instead , we see Bruce Wayne build his persona , watching his journey from the moment his parents died through his travels around the world so he could understand the criminal mind . When Batman finally appears , we see him not as someone in a costume but as an embodiment of Bruce Wayne 's wrath as he finally finds a way to bring justice back to the streets of Gotham.Unlike his predecessors , Christopher Nolan pays significant attention to the comic book source material , drawing from Frank Miller 's Batman
 One always thought that the original `` Batman '' movie of Michael Keaton was the most descent in the series in terms of storyline and it 's closeness to reality , and this Batman Begins comes to kick it off and reinvent the hero , giving him more depth , darkness and colour.The best thing about this movie is that it both invested time in showing us how the hero has evolved from the abandoned child in the alley to the masked justice warrior , and justified each and every detail of the gadgets Batman gets . This gave the movie a far more human depth and an unmatched closeness to reality .2 thumbs up!PS
 Chris & Chris make a great pair ! Christopher Nolan , director , does a great job in this film . Christian Bale , actor , complements him perfectly . He was the right pick for the role . This movie definitely makes my Top 100 !
 Absolutly incredible , Batman Begins is one of the best films ever . Placed upon the shoulders of Blue-Ray , Batman Begins is even better with incredible sound and amazing picture quality .
 This is the best movie ever made ! it has everything u could posssibley ask 4 in a movie !! gr8 acting , gr8 villans , this movie has set the bar high 4 future superhero movies !!! katie holms was so hot it really is a shame that she did n't want to be in the sequel ` the dark knight ' ! its her loss 4 not being in the dark knight becuz that movie is bound 2 shatter the 600 million dollar record of Titantic !!!!!! batman begins and the dark knight are both equally good movies !!!!
 This movie has a much more darker tone than its predecessors . It successfully tells how Batman was created and of Bruce Wayne 's internal struggle with his alter ego . This HD-DVD has a stunning picture that does not disappoint . And , the story moves along quite nicely while keeping the movie within the realm of reality . If you are looking for a Batman movie that will entertain you from beginning to end , you 've found it !
 Bought this to play on the Sony BDP-S350 1080p Blu-ray Disc Player I just purchased . The sound and video was excellent .
 One of my favorite movies of all time , the best Batman yet . Fell in love and enjoyed it even more when I bought the blu ray . Excellent picture & sound ! A must have in your movie library . I highly recommend it . Enjoy folks !
 I already had a regular version of this great film but is was well worth the expense of buying a blu ray version . The excellent quality of the rich colors and super sharpness of the blu ray version was worth the expense . I would recommend this blu-ray disc .
 This version of Batman has all the features that are supposed to be part of the Batman story . Most important and lacking in most previous version is that Batman is a hero on the edge of criminal and good guy . He starts his crime fighting first by becoming one of them and then he becomes a dark hero that uses methods not normally acceptable to stop the criminals in Gotham . The key is what Bruce Wayne is told by the mob boss , `` you always fear what you do n't understand . '' Bruce then seeks to first understand and then to stop crime from inside the criminal .
 I got ta say ... the best super hero franchise out there is the new Batman franchise , hands down . Batman Begins is the best super hero flick ever . Of course , that 's what I thought until The Dark Knight came out . Now `` Begins '' is # 2 because `` DK '' is the new # 1 . They just keep getting better and better . Forget Spider-Man , Hulk , even Ironman -LRB- as good as it was -RRB- just ca n't compare . These movies rock . And on Blu-ray , it 's just AMAZING .
 Finally on Blu Ray and my oh , my is it gorgeous . The gifts are ok , but what really makes it worth it is the 6 minute sneak peak for The Dark Knight .
 One of the best parts about this blu-ray is the commentary & the new imax trailer on this blu-ray will blow you away.It 's like watching it all over again in the theaters only clearer and better.I thought the video quality was n't as sharp as i 've seen other blu-rays like Pirates of the Carribean or Casino Royal , but all in all a great blu-ray to add to your collection .
 The only bad thing about this is that when TDN comes out . there will probably be an awsome box set and ill be itching for it.Awsome set up by the way . Love this movie , and Blu-Ray is awsome !
 I just saw this movie and I came out of the theater really satisfied that it was n't another Bat-astrophy . Even more than that , it 's a well plotted , intense action movie . The best so far this summer . They should bury those other four Bat-movies . Well , maybe that 's not fair . This movie does owe a little to Tim Burton 's original , but it has so much more substance to it . For the first time Bruce Wayne is a three dimensional character I sympathized with . His early years of training and the characters he encounters have far reaching effects on him , as do his parents . And boy , does the suspense really build as the clock ticks down on Gotham City 's fate.Something kind of interesting is , there are n't any big superhero fight scenes like we 've seen in movies like Spider-man or X-men . The fighting is gritty , camera-shaking action , usually shown in glimpses . And there are trippy hallucinations that amp up the scary factor a bit . It is intense ... and just a great movie . I want to see it again .
 After viewing Bale 's shockingly realistic performance in the machinist , I was certain that he would be an inspired choice to play the dark knight.And having just watched a sneak preview of the movie , I can safely the directors will arrange Bale to do many more sequels . Similar to how Tobey Maguire plays the role of Peter Parker / Spiderman to perfection , Bale does even better in his version of Batman.Take note of the characters played by Liam Neeson , Michael Caine , Gary Oldman . They perform an excellent job of enhancing the character of Batman , rather than outshine him like the previous films.Fans of the comic book will also note how the creators of the film -LRB- credit to Christopher Nolan and David Goyer -RRB- kept the story close to the essence of the comic book , especially the parts when Gordon is talking to Batman -LRB- I sha n't spoil it for you -RRB- . But what struck me most was when Bale puts on the costume , he fits in seamlessly , both figuratively and literally . You can actually feel his menacing presence when Batman confronts the many villains during the fight scenes.The only disappointment i had was that Watanabe was not given enough screen time .
 I was so thrilled that Christian Bale was cast as Batman/Bruce Wayne in this prequel , because he 's such a great actor , and he 's work in The Machinist was amazing . I think he 's portrayal of Batman is more impressive than the previous actors ' . He 's very attractive as Bruce Wayne , and he 's so captivating as Batman . He deserves extra credit for being a British actor playing an American superhero , and he had to regain more than 50 lbs of lean muscles for the role right after he finished The Machinist.In this movie , we get to see the Bruce Wayne having flashbacks of the killing of his parents in the alley when he was a kid . His father Dr. Thomas Wayne is played by another British actor named Linus Roache -LRB- Wings of The Dove -RRB- , who is perfectly cast for the role , especially he looks similar to Bale . The man who killed his parents never got convicted , and years later , it was upto Wayne to take justice into his own hands , despite the lack of support from his friend Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- , who was a D.A. assistant to her corrupted boss Carmine Falcone -LRB- brilliantly played by Tom Wilkinson -RRB- . Bruce Wayne abandoned Gotham City and embarked on a journey in Asia.He eventually met his mentor , Henry Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- and the ninja warriors that formed The League of The Shadows , whose mission was to wipe out the corrupted Gothem City . Liam Neeson looks rather unattractive in a wierd beard , and he 's probably the most outstanding supporting player in this film . When he completed his training , he headed back to the Gotham City seven years later.With the help of his housekeeper Alfred Pennyworth -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , and Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who was a weapon specialist , Wayne was able to transform into full Batman gear for the first time . He teamed up with Lt. James Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman in a rather lowkey role -RRB- to battle the evil forces including The ScareCrow/Dr . Johnathan Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- who conspired to spread massive `` fear hullucination chemicals '' to destroy mankind . Wayne eventually reunited with Rachel when she was in danger and rescued her from the toxic chemicals . Just when he thought he had defeated all the bad guys , Ducard and the Ninjas arrived at his birthday party ... The sets are very elaborate , both the structure of the Gothem City and the remote landscapes were quite an eye candy . The fight scenes were great , especially the car chase scene when the Batmobile was crossing over rooftops . The cast is irresistable , but there is not enough screentime shared between Rachel and Bruce to allow them to develop enought romantic momentum . Overall , this movie is very entertaining , and it 's the first time to see so much of Bruce Wayne that is n't depicted in previous Batman movies . I do hope it 's going to be a blockbuster , so that they would get Christian Bale to play Batman again .
 This review is spoiler-free , I have to admit that going into theaters , I had my doubts . Christopher Nolan , the director , was primarily known for the exceedingly clever Memento . A Batman movie would require this new director to flex muscles he had n't yet displayed . My worries were misplaced ; the cleverness displayed in Memento translated well to Batman . This is easily the best Batman movie yet.The first two Batmans were well received and are loved by many . The tone is unrelentingly dark for the most part . These two never really did it for me ... I could never buy Michael Keaton as Batman ... he did n't seem large or menacing enough to wear the mantle of the Dark Knight.The 3rd movie , Batman Forever , was a dramatic departure from the first two . It featured a far more campy atmosphere . Still , the cast handled the script well , and in my opinion , it worked reasonably well.Batman and Robin was certainly the stinker of the group . Clooney , Silverstone , and others tromped their way through a script that must have been difficult even for them to stomach . Additional problems included moronic looking bat-vehicles and the reduction of Bane to `` minor house pet '' . Up until now , the Batman movies had failed to do several things :1 . Put forth a really credible `` man under the mask '' - Kilmer got the closest -LRB- some say Keaton -RRB- , but none were perfect .2 . Find the balance between darkness and humor .3 . Credibly explore the factors within Batman 's dark psyche.Batman Begins manages to accomplish all of the above . The movie is dark , but tinges of humor are interlaced throughout.Cast / Acting
 In a pivotal moment in Batman Begins , Bruce Wayne is ordered by his mentor Ducard to execute a man from a small village who has been accused of killing his neighbor because he coveted his land . Wayne demurs , telling Ducard that the villager deserves to be tried for his crimes before punishment is meted out . If we merely execute the man , Wayne argues , without a procedure in place to check our baser tendencies for retribution , then the result is not justice but rather retribution . The question of where we draw the line between justice and vengeance becomes the core theme of Christopher Nolan 's first foray into the Batman mythos , and it is a question that seems particularly suited to the character of Batman . It is also a question that had been all but ignored in the years following the September 11th attacks . In many ways Batman Begins is the quintessential post-9 / 11 film that manages to smuggle moral quandaries into a big budgeted blockbuster when the larger discourse surrounding terrorism seemed content to ignore basic questions of justice.Tellingly , the villains of Batman Begins are an international terrorist organization by the name of the League of Shadows and headed by a mysterious character Ra 's al Ghul . It is later revealed that the League of Shadows has been around for centuries and exists to level empires that have become too big for their britches . But before the League of Shadows reveals themselves as the villains , they first serve as a training organization for Bruce Wayne , a billionaire driven by the death of his parents to travel across the globe in an attempt to understand the world of criminals from the inside out.Perhaps one of the most brilliant moves that Nolan makes in the film is to spend nearly half of the movie on the training and origins of Batman . When Nolan 's Batman film was release , it had been nearly eight years since the disastrous Batman & Robin , a film so poorly received that it single handedly killed of the multi-million dollar franchise . Where Joel Schumaker 's Batman & Robin attempted to resurrect the camp and humor of the old Adam West Batman series -LRB- although Schumaker 's film did n't have one-tenth of the whit of the 1960s TV show -RRB- , Batman Begins endeavors to shroud the superhero 's origins in as much realism as possible.The film cuts back and forth between Wayne 's training with Ducard and his lost years dealing with the death of his parents . In recounting Batman 's origins , Nolan decides to include one of the most controversial figures in all of Batman 's seventy year history
 WARNINGI 'm not reviewing the movie -LRB- plenty of those around -RRB- but the disc content itself !!! As seen on my Philips 60 '' , 1080i HDTV . And heard on My Polk Audio speakers powered by my Luxmann 400 Watts -LRB- RMS -RRB- Amp.-Video - 10/10 Excellent contrast . No film grain visible-Audio - -LRB- Dolby 5.1 -RRB- 9/10 Great sound but a bit lacking in dynamic range -LRB- BOOMS ! not loud enough compared to whispers -RRB- - Extra features - 10/10 Notably , a great piece on the Batmobile .
 I absolutely loved the 1989 Batman movie with Micahel Keaton and Jack Nicholson , so when I learned they were going to discard that and start from a clean slate , I was a bit bothered . The other three films that follwed the 89 version did n't bother me at all , in fact , I rather hated those . Sure enough , after seeing Batman Begins it could n't really fill the place as a prequal to the 89 version . Events had already been retold . But after a few viewings of this Christopher Nolan masterpiece , I had began to make the transformation over to the new series , as it really is one of the finest comic book films ever created - period.I ca n't think of one bad thing to really say about this film . Unlike some comic book movies , this one takes itself very seriously -LRB- yet still holds a certain amount of humor too -RRB- . The 1989 Batman had a bit of serious edge to it , and its followers disregarded that . Begins is like the 89 version , only more . The story goes deep . We not only learn of how Bruce Wayne becomes Batman , but we literally follow him step by step and get into his mind . There are complications that go beyond simple revenge of his parent 's death . Bruce must administor justice , but how can justice be properly used in such a corrupt society as Gotham ? Its a very intriguing story , and the characters are fantastic , adding to the depth . An incredible mixed cast of Liam Neeson , Micahel Caine , Morgan Freeman and Katie Holmes are a few of the actors that shine in this film . Then there is Christian Bale , who brings a dark toughness to the role of Batman we have never seen before . Indeed , the movie as a whole is very dark , but with enlightening messages.The action is pretty tough in this film too . The fights are n't too flashy , but more realistic than in prior films . The new batmobile is actually more like a tank , called the Tumbler . Unlike the previous batmobiles , this one is a little less flashy , but fully armed and can crush anything . One of the most exciting parts of the film is when the Tumbler is being chased by cops throuhgout the town , and creates quite the wreckage along the way.I could go on and on about the great things about this film , but it is honestly worth seeing . If you are skeptical about remakes , like me , this one will probably win you over once you realize how good it is . Especially since they are coming out with the sequal the Dark Knight which appears to be on the same level as this film , I can easily dismiss the older Batman titles in favor of the new series.Acting - 4.5 Action - 4.5 Characters - 5Story - 5Overall - 5
 Award winner and Oscar nominee for his 2000 screenplay , Memento , Director Christopher Nolan delivers a powerful punch and a believable plot set in a very realistic Gotham City . Nolan brings the audience back to basics and returns to the original concept of Batman as a crime fighter putting down thugs , gangsters and thieves . Christian Bale performs admirably as the sometimes Bi-polar Bruce Wayne , brooding and sullen while at the same time trying to laugh through the pain.Mixed in with the mobster villains are two distinct antagonists who will be familiar to fans of the comic . Cillian Murphy masterfully plays the Scarecrow , a.k.a. Dr. Jonathan Crane , and stays true the psychotic , fear inducing character created by Finger and Kane for the original Batman series . The Ra 's al Ghul storyline serves to condense all of Bruce Wayne 's training into one easy to view montage . It is also the first time in film that Ra 's makes and appearance . The scenes illustrating Bruce in training with the League of Shadows , remind us that unlike other mutated or alien superheroes , Wayne is just a man ; but a man with extreme intellect , physical power and a never-ending supply of money to fund his crusade . In opposition to Wayne 's agenda , is the powerful Ra 's who believes the best way to create balance is to destroy most of humanity . The two grapple , one believing in the overall goodness of man and the fairness of the system , the other judging man to be inherently evil using a flawed system that will never lead to true justice.The downside to this film is the forced romantic line between Bruce Wayne and contrived character Rachel Dawes . Holme 's acting is not superb in this role and one wonders if she were given a more poignant character from Bruce Wayne 's list of loves such as Talia al Ghul , or even Rachel Caspian , would there have been more emotion in her performance . Rachel Dawes is such a flat , one dimensional character that it seems likely that even the finest actress would have difficulties bringing her to life . There is nothing at stake in the relationship and while at one point she appears to be Wayne 's better angel , it is Alfred who truly acts as his conscious . When will screen writers learn that women will still go see a sci-fi action films without obligatory romance!The ever-brilliant Michael Caine as Alfred , was a superb casting choice . Charming , father-like and sometimes heavy handed , Caine delivers the best portrayal of Wayne 's caretaker since Alan Napier.As for the gadgets , the movie takes great care in showing the origins of the bat cave , the suite , and of course the bat mobile . Fan-boys/girls will enjoy the `` new '' look of the Caped Crusader 's ride based on the art of Frank Miller -LRB- The Dark Knight Returns -RRB- . It has been a long time since the public had the opportunity to see Batman as he should be
 if you dont own this movie on HD DVD you must see it . Even if you have the DVD version spend the money and upgrade . this movie is not only a great movie but it looks stunning in HD . top 5 movie currently out in HD easily.For HD DVD I would say the movies you have to own are -LRB- in no order -RRB-
 Beautiful transfer with dynamic color range and three dimensional shadows . Even if you are not the biggest fan of blockbuster super hero flicks , this HD is worth picking up . Asides from the technical superiority of this disc , the movie itself shifts the paradigm of its genre into something more , something better , and you are left with a truly great film.Other best picture quality HD DVDs to showcase your new HD tv are , Children of Men -LSB- HD DVD -RSB- , A Scanner Darkly -LSB- HD DVD -RSB- , and Happy Feet -LSB- HD DVD -RSB- .
 What can I say that others have n't for me . The movie is just a stunning revivement of the once-maligned Batman franchise , which took a nose dive with the one-two punch of Joel Schumacher 's `` Batman Forever '' and `` Batman & Robin '' in 1995 and 1997 , respectively . After B&R ; bombed at the box office -LRB- though it made over $ 100 million domestically -RRB- and the wannabe Batman revival film `` Catwoman '' , the franchise seemed doomed to wallow in development hell . In 2003 , newcomer filmmaker Christopher Nolan -LRB- who blew audiences away with his first feature film `` Memento '' -RRB- and veteran screenwriter David S. Goyer -LRB- who penned all three scripts for the `` Blade '' series , which were also based on a comic book -RRB- approached Warner Brothers about doing another Batman movie , only this time taking the hero back to his roots and making it more realistic and believable . The film began production in early 2004 in London , casting Welsh actor Christian Bale as the titular hero Bruce Wayne/Batman and Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth . . When the film finished principal photography , Warner Brothers decided not to pull a big ad campaign like they did for the previous four films , but decided to mute it and let the film sell itself.The film opened with a good $ 72 million opening weekend and with ecstatic critical acclaim by critics nationwide . In a year that was filled with big blockbusters -LRB- including the highly anticipated `` Revenge of the Sith '' -RRB- , `` Batman Begins '' demonstrated long legs at the box office , finally ending its theatrical run with a tidy $ 205 million profit domestically.One of the reason `` Batman Begins '' did so well was the good word-of-mouth . People came back for repeat viewings -LRB- I did go and see it in theaters twice -RRB- and truth be told , it 's an excellent movie to boot . It jetissons the campiness of the Schumacher entries and the excess Gothicism of the Burton entries and goes for a low-key realism . Sure , there are still minor elements in the film that recall other Batman films -LRB- the poison gas plot is redone from `` Batman '' and there are two villains -RRB- , but they fit in with the surroundings . And it delves into Bruce Wayne 's backstory via flashbacks and flash-forwarding to the present -LRB- it is non-linear , so one has to pay attention to the film right from the start -RRB- for a good bit of running time before remaining firmly entrenched in the present future . The Oscar-nominated cinematography is just stunning and while it still captures the darkness of the Burton films , it does so in a subtly different way . Every actor is well-cast , particularly Christian Bale -LRB- `` American Psycho '' , `` The Prestige '' -RRB- as the title character and balances Wayne 's duality naturally . The movie also strikes a balance between exposition and keeping the action moving , and never loses focus . From the beginning right to the end credits , the movie is riveting and never boring . It stands well by itself , but the ending is purposefully wide-open for a sequel . -LRB- The sequel , `` The Dark Knight '' is currently in production and will have a July 2008 release date . -RRB- The movie is available on DVD in two forms
 This is Batman as it should be . Dark , sinister from beginning to end , and the hero wins only to lose after all . The movie is dark and selfish , like the town that Batman protects . There is no sequel . There is only delay , while we wait , and wonder whether we will be treated to another helping , this time with Batman 's most infamous -LRB- and dangerous -RRB- of enemies - his nemesis , the joker.The previous Batman movies were bright and colorful , much like the old Batman television series , with interesting sets and villains , but with each movie -LRB- and each new Batman -RRB- it became more of a Sunday cartoon and less a cinematic vision of the Dark Knight . With the return of the bat -LRB- Batman Begins -RRB- we have seemingly wiped the slate clean . Here is the new prince of -LRB- darkness -RRB- the city , the forlorn and brooding hero who hides his identity through his alter ego
 This is a very impressive and well-structured cinematic rework of Batman 's origins . The cast is first rate . Christian Bale 's performance is impressive adding a dimension of emotion to the stoic side of the character . Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard 's score for BATMAN BEGINS is mesmerizing and quite moving . There is a lot of pent up emotion , energy and haunting beauty just waiting to explode . This is not your typical BATMAN score established by Danny Elfman but it maintains an undercurrent of continuous movement and vibrancy and is just overwhelmingly enthralling . It examines a meaningful nature of the character and his motivations augmenting Christian Bale 's dedicated performance perfectly . The plot is also very solid . When I think of how the origin of Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- was interwoven into the film , I was impressed . This Batman film succeeds on every level.The comic book was very impressive .
 This is a very impressive cinematic rework of Batman 's origins . The cast is first rate . The score is moody yet very dynamic . The plot is also very solid . This Batman film succeeds on every level .
 After the disaster of Batman and Robin in 1997 , it took almost nine years to get the nasty , foul taste out of mouths and appreciate the next generation of Batman movies . Finally , Warner Brothers takes their cash cow seriously and appoints a smart and respectful director , writer and actor to create the newest version of the Dark Knight.Christopher Nolan , well known for directing intelligent , serious movies -LSB- ... -RSB- turns his attention toward making this movie about Batman 's origin . Thankfully discarded are all the previous Batman movies , despite any good aspects they may have had , this movie says ` Forget it all , this is one that matters ' . And it really does.The movie is efficient in it 's story telling , starting somewhere in the mountains of Asia -LRB- intercut with flashbacks -RRB- where Bruce Wayne -LRB- played with great tension by Christian Bale -RRB- is in a prison camp , effectively fighting off any attempts to kill him . He gets locked up to keep the other prisoners from being hurt . He is visited by Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , and offered a chance to learn everything he needs to know to become that which he needs to be ; a weapon to avenge his parents who were killed when he was a child . Wayne accepts and spends more time in a remote location learning the arts of Ninjitsu and stealth.Upon his return to Gotham City , the movie starts to focus on how Bruce plans to be the Batman . It 's a painstaking process , and extremely believable . Luckily he has the resources through his Father 's Enterprise and turn-a-blind-eye science executive Lucius Fox -LRB- well played by Morgan Freeman -RRB- and the faithful butler Alfred -LRB- the always welcome Michael Caine -RRB- to help . As the current CEO of Wayne Enterprises Earle -LRB- Rutger Hauer -RRB- continues to make unwanted to changes , Bruce slowly finds ways to create the personality he wants to instill fear into the scum of Gotham , believing the city can be saved from it 's downfall into debauchery . With his childhood sweetheart -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- trying to figure him out , a madman Psychologist -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- sending criminals to Arkham Asylum for seemingly no reason , the new vigilante finds himself bonding with James Gordon -LRB- underplayed brilliantly by Gary Oldman -RRB- , one good cop surrounded by many corrupt ones , and getting more out of the relationship than he ever thought he would . Thankfully they are giving this relationship it 's proper attention that was lost in the other movies.As you can see , the casting of this movie is brilliant . You may not know who Christian Bale is , but Michael Caine ? Gary Oldman ? Morgan Feeman ? Rutger Hauer ? Liam Neeson ? Katie Holmes ? If you do n't know who any of these people are , you should n't be going to the movies . Front and center is semi new comer Christian Bale playing the part of Bruce Wayne and Batman so well . When in the costume , he 's intimidating and frightening . When playing Bruce Wayne , he 's a pompus , arrogant playboy , although that does not come about right away . The genius of this movie stands in the discovery ; as Bruce Wayne finds the difficulties in being a masked crusader in a huge city , he has to find solutions to those problems . The realism that goes into the creation of this dark obsessed person focusing his energy on becoming an outrageous character that preys on the criminal element is sublime and spot on . This movie far outreaches it 's predecessors in ambition and makes them look like kindergarten efforts compared with the PhD level of intelligence put into this film .
 Please be warned this is NOT the special edition that is out of print . I have ordered this exact option from Amazon twice and both times it was incorrect . This does NOT feature the cardbox case !!! As for the movie . Come on I ordered it twice . That says enough .
 Finially , an intelligent and mature version ... great acting by all , especially Bale and Caine ... I have seen it ten times already . This is by FAR the best of all of them ... Supeman , Hulk , Spideman , all great in their own right , but this one is the most realistic , and the atmosphere absolutely made the movie ! ... very well done , and it just flowed ... believable to the max ... I ca n't wait to see another sequel like this one ... this is a classic that is made for adults . You got it Perfect ! Thanks !! , and more please just like this . This is the way to make them !
 Batman , like the Phoenix , has risen from the ashes and has returned with ` Batman Begins ' . This movie is truly amazing and is never dull . I have seen this film many times and it is just as fresh and just as exciting as it was when I watched it for the first time.Christian Bale has taken Batman and made it his own . I did n't think anyone could top Michael Keaton 's performance as the dark knight , but I was wrong . The entire film in itself is truly unbelievable . I was n't that big of a fan of Ra 's Al Ghoul before this movie , but he was the best villain for it . Cillian Murphey was also the perfect choice for Scarecrow . Overall , everyone was right for who they portrayed in the movie.Let 's not forget the locations that we see in this movie . All truly breath taking . Batman fans rejoice ! This is a movie that is not something you should miss . Every single person owes it to themselves to see this movie . One of the best movies of last year .
 `` Batman Begins '' is a great vehicle for the super-stardom for which Christian Bale seems destined . I was a child in the 80 's when the first Batman film appeared . I loved it ! I even had the pajamas ! I was a fan of the later films in the series , except for the one with George Clooney!Of all the comicbook superheroes , Batman always appealed to me the most . Between the original Batman film and the fantastic , dark , gothic cartoon series on Fox when i was growing up , I could n't escape looking up to the `` caped crusader '' ! That being said , I really appreciated the first half of the film , which fleshed out in great detail , the origins and early biograpahy of Bruce Wayne , Batman 's doppelganger . The other films only hinted at Bruce Wayne 's childhood with short , simple , and heavy-handed scenes that told only the barest of details . Unlike the films created by Tim Burton , which were very stylized and had outrageous sets , Batman Begins has a much more realistic feel.The villian in this film was certainly not my favorite in the Batman pantheon , but it seemed suitable for an introduction and a better adversary for a superhero still on his training wheels , so to speak . I think Katie Holmes ' weakest acting was in the Bat Cave . It was rather painful . And the whole time I could n't help but think she may have escaped in this film but now Tom Cruise has got her locked away in his own cave ! I thought Christian Bale 's acting was spot-on , though some of the playboy scenes made me think of his outstanding performance in `` American Psycho . `` I love Chicago and really enjoyed the shots made in the city . It appears the Windy City is finally getting its due as a great filming location.Batman was a fine action film . It was a competent and entertaining film within the genre it lives . It is no Oscar-contender and does n't try to be , -LSB- ... -RSB- I look forward to seeing the next Batman film -- hopefully , with Christian Bale again !
 To really appreciate Chris Nolan 's `` Batman Begins , '' one has to also understand two other things . The first is the character of Batman , his core and the continuing appeal . The second is Hollywood 's dawning comprehension of how to make a superhero movie.As to Batman -LRB- or The Batman , if you like -RRB- , his enduring appeal has always been based upon his nature
 while the movie turned out to be nicely done , it seemed to lack in a few areas . i found myself laughing at the movie during serious seens . one reason because of christain bale pouting his lips when he was batman and the ridiculous lines ` rattle the cages ' . some holes in the story also stood out
 Okay , yeah , it was only an okay film . Maybe I was expecting too much after all the hype and I had my expectations too high . It was definitely the grittiest of the Batman films and Christian Bale does an outstanding job as Bruce Wayne/Batman . Liam Neeson is superb as Ducard and the character of the Scarecrow is great . The hallucinations that people see while under the effects of Scarecrow are some of the best , intense special effects in the film . Katie Holmes ? ... no ! no ! no ! Find someone much more suited to be an assistant D.A. ! She added zero value to the film.The fight scenes at times were hard to follow . Almost too much action and they always seemed to be a minute too long.Overall though a good film that I would recommend seeing in the theater .
 I got that batmobile for my son thats probably the best part of the movie . They need to make that next movie they hinted at in the end with the joker . Bottom line - roof top batmobile chase , more please , Christian Bale batman eeeygh I do n't think so.Batman Begins Deluxe Batmobile Vehicle
 First off , it really does n't matter how good a film looks and sounds if it sucks ! That being said , Batman Begins HD DVD delivers both the quality plot and the quality format.I 'm sure you have heard about how great this movie is , so I wo n't spend much time on that . It is by far the best of the Batman franchise.Why you are probably reading this review is to find out about the HD DVD format quality -- is it all it is hyped to be ? If you have to go out and spend $ 1500 on a good HDTV and $ 1000 for a HD DVD player -LRB- or Blu-Ray for other titles -RRB- , my answer is `` no . '' In all other cases -LRB- you already have some of the pieces e.g. HDTV , Xbox 360 + HD DVD -RRB- then assuradely `` yes ! `` There are several scenes that are just jaw-dropping , including my favorite scene in Gotham near the end -LRB- no spoilers here -RRB- . The quality is as good as others have hyped , both for the Title and for the format.When I first popped it in , I was somewhat disappointed in the quality -- but then I realized that my wife had changed the TV settings to her brighter preferences for video games . A couple of adjustments , and presto ! Be sure to double check your settings , too -- they make a huge difference .
 As other reviewers have already mentioned , this is a great movie . Nolan makes not just a great superhero movie , but a great movie in general . And the HD-DVD version of the film makes it all the more better . On other resolutions I felt like the movie was almost lighted too dark , that I was somehow missing things . But in the stunning high definition I felt Gotham was a city I 've been to , its details were so sharp , but without losing the darkness and moodiness the movie needs.My only complaint with this , and the other HD titles I 've purchased so far , is this . . Where are all of the fantastic extras we were promised ? Part of the technology is the storage capabilities , so they should be able to just pack these discs with hours and hours of HD extras . High tech extras that have more interaction with the disc.In some cases with the HD movies I 've purchased so far , there are n't even as many extras on them as the DVD versions of the film , much less more.I know they 're trying to build this new technology and get some momentum , so why not take advantage of all the new technology has to offer and stuff these things with extras , the very types of things that DVD enthusiasts already enjoy?Great movie and I recommend the technology to everyone , just hoping that they start making something bigger and better out of these discs than just a higher resolution and sound .
 erm , `` Shockmaster '' ... PLEASE tell me that review of yours is some kind of sick JOKE . PLEASE . If anyone does n't seem do understand Batman , it 's you . Read ANY Batman comic book before the 50s and after the 1960s , and you 'll clearly see that Batman is NOT about buttcheeks , witty lines , and whatever the hell Shoe-smucker supported . Seriously , the guy 's parents were gunned down in front of him as a child , and you expect him to grow up happy-go-lucky about it ? I think not . The guy grows up wanting revenge . Of COURSE he 's gon na be dark and broody about it . `` Batman a villain '' , as you put it ? Dude , who do you think was fighting the REAL bad guys , the tooth fairy ? And your gripes about the presence of Qui-Gon Jinn and the Last Samurai guy ? Dude , those are CHARACTERS in seperate films , played repectively by Liam Neeson and Ken Watanabe . They 're actors . As such , they 're paid to act in movies , which is what Batman Begins IS . By your logic , an actor can only play ONE role his/her entire life and leave it at that . Seriously , pal , you need to take a look at the real world some time . Batman Begins is everything I 'd been expecting in a Batman film . The Burton films were good , but the sets and costumes were too comic-booky and not believable . Batman Begins brings a whole new real-world feel to the legend , and should mark the beginning of a whole new , much grander franchise . Though I supposed one of your intelligence , Shockmaster , wo n't be able to grasp that , as you seem to be to fixated on fantasies of Batman in a homosexual relationship with Nick Carter . Get a life .
 I 've been reading a lot of reviews for Batman Begins here , and a lot of comparisons have been made between Tim Burton 's `` Batman '' and this new one . The director who scores the most points depends on whose review you 're reading . For many years different artists and storytellers have offered their interpretations of the caped crusader , and I think people have forgotten that Burton 's Batman was released in 1989 , 16 years ago ; a different Batman for a different time.Keaton 's version of Batman was intimidating , and got the job done , but he was n't the strike-fear-into-the-hearts-of-criminals kind of superhuman that batman really is -- speaking in that low growling voice , like Clint Eastwood , with a touch of psychopathic brio . He never really fit , though he was n't bad . I think that was Tim Burton twisting things the way he likes to . Like making Jonny Dep Willy Wonka , which is a different complaint I wo n't digress into . Batman was a great movie by itself , and it was also the artistic vision of Tim Burton which gives it a flavor no one can match it because it has his quirky genius threaded into it.Batman Begins * feels * like a truer version Batman , because the other Batman films touched on his origin , but only gave us snippets -- scratching the surface , but never digging deeper . One thing about the old franchise was the comic book feel -LRB- especially after Joel Schumacher took over -RRB- . Superman could come flying in to help , and no one would be surprised . But Batman Begins takes a more realistic approach , and shows you the vulnerable side of Bruce Wayne , and what really motivates him , makes him tic and explains how and why there is a Batman.Batman seems more like Batman , and Alfred is a lot more than just the faithful butler who knows his secrets , we understand -LRB- the future police Chief -RRB- Gordon 's motives , and this film is about the hero and not the multi-million dollar megastar villains . It is down-to-earth and believable -- something only Tim Burton 's first two Batman films can compete with , even though there was more focus on the bad guys.And Batman Begins had all the right people in all the right roles . When I heard Christian Bale was to be Batman I remembered how great he was in American Psycho , and I knew he had it in him . Who could prove to be a more loving a loyal Alfred than Michael Caine ? Who could have been a more believable Ducard/Ras Al Ghul than Liam Neeson , if one guy knows how to be a sensei/mentor it 's him . He taught Obi Wan , did n't he ? Gary Oldman is perfect in everything . Katie Holmes was the beautiful girl-next door , not glamorous and not a damsel in distress screaming from one end of the movie to the other , like our gorgeous Vicky Vale was . You tell me who Bruce Wayne would be likelier to fall in love with . The presence of Morgan Freeman and even Rutger Hauer make this ensemble cast exactly what the Batman Franchise needed.Some reviewers make a good point about how fear is the theme of Batman Begins , and it 's all about facing down fear , controlling it and using it . Maybe they could have roped in the fear angle a little . However , it showed me what I did n't truly understand until Batman Begins -- that the Batman 's best device for getting justice was turning fear on people who use fear ; for ordinary citizens to see that they have someone on their side that scares the bad guys gives them strength to stand against it , and when its all said and done Gotham will be able to take care of itself and I understand Batman 's purpose . So thanks to Christopher Nolan for revitalizing a dying franchise , and here 's to more Batman films like this one.Wow ... This was n't much of a review ... It 's more like an essay on Batman , but I hope it helped someone .
 Finally they cast a good Batman . Christian Bale should be the only actor considered as Batman , he did a great job in this movie . I am glad they did n't overdue the story , the previous Batman movies where always to overdone . This is a must for the Batman fan .
 I hate to admit this , but Batman Begins has just replaced Superman the Movie as the greatest comic book movie of all time . This is saying something . Superman set the bar for storytelling and special effects in movies . And until now , only two could ever have rivialed it , the two X-Men films . I know there are Spider-man fans out there who feel that those two were the greatest , -LRB- and I think they 're good -RRB- but they just do n't compare to Superman , Batman , X-Men and X-2 . When I walked into Batman Begins , I was somewhat nervous about the film . The Batman films from the ninties just were n't up to par and I felt this one could fall into the same trap . But I was wrong . The film starts off strong by showing that this was no prequel . Thank goodness . It is it 's own start to a series of it 's own.The story is compelling from the start . Bruce Wayne tourtured self is found in a Chinese prison camp , shutting himself in with criminals to fight them . He is then released and finds himself mentored by Liam Nieson and the League of Shadows . I wo n't give anymore away to the film , except to say that every single person gives awsome performences and the story allows us to show that Batman this time is not out for revenge as he was in the previous four films , but he is out for justice . And the action is top notch . I only hope the sequels will be half as good .
 First of all , to the person who gave Batman Begins a 1/5 and is saying that `` Stan Lee '' did not edit Tim Burton 's work for the new Special Edition DVDs
 Easily the finest establishing picture a comic book character has ever enjoyed . The entire first act is a masterpiece , telling the crucial parts of Bruce Wayne 's fabled origin while flashing forward to key moments in his early adulthood and laying the groundwork with an almost supernatural long-term training session . It 's effortlessly cool and enveloping , a perfect hook that grounds the character in reality while also pre-explaining some of his more theatrical habits . The follow-through is n't perfect , with a few puzzling plot holes and a conveniently under-explained resolution to blame , but it does such a good job of maintaining its momentum that those tripwires are easy to brush off . Of course , an industrial-sized bucketful of wonderful performances from the cast does n't hurt . It 's just loaded with big-name talent and nobody 's mailing it in . Christian Bale is fantastic as the multi-layered lead character -LRB- s -RRB- , but Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , Gary Oldman and Liam Neeson are right there beside him in a wealth of glowing supporting roles . It 's a dream come true for fans of the character , and a great reintroduction for casuals who 'd been led astray the last iteration .
 This movie is so good , that it was a breath of fresh air . The story line is awesome , and the director did a great job capturing it . I believe the message is to not be afraid of living or dying .
 A great begining story to what turned out to be a great series . Going to the point of how Bruce became Batman was the most intriguing story I have seen by DC in a long time .
 Since there have been hundreds of other reviews already written , I will keep my remarks brief . Suffice to say that I found Tim Burton 's work with Batman , 1 -RRB- Self-indulgent -LRB- I did n't want Gotham City to be the work of Beetlejuice -RRB- , and 2 -RRB- overrated . The script was a travesty , and the second movie was n't much better . The real tragedy in this is the fact that so many * fantastic * graphic novels have been written for the Dark Knight in the last 20 years , there should have been no shortage of good material.Finally Nolan gets it right . Borrowing heavily from the superb `` Batman
 There 's certainly some fun to campy versions of comic books -- such as the previous batman movies -- but for my money this is the way a comic book is meant to be adapted . At least this series.This movie has resonance and relevance . It has heart , soul , and action . It has an interesting , engaging plotline filled with multi-dimensional human beings , struggling with human emotions.All of which heightens the action-adventure because it gives it real stakes.Like Spiderman I & II , Batman Returns heralds a new age of comic book and action films . Films that are intelligent , written as well as any highbrow drama . And the audience interest is obvious . They bought tickets for these films . They did n't buy tickets to STEALTH , which lacked these resonant elements.Similar to the Lord of the Rings trilogy , these films all have the chance of resurrecting the power of myth in our movies . And as we become used to them , there is the very real chance of creating new myths for our new millennium.Truly , Batman has begun again in BATMAN BEGINS , and I truly appreciate the skillful and soulful work of Christopher Nolan and David S. Goyer.Derek RydallScreenwriter - Script Consultant - AuthorFounder , ScriptwriterCentral.com
 `` It 's not who I am underneath that counts . It 's what I do that makes the difference . '' - Batman consoles Rachel Dawes , as Gotham City 's legacy of corruption ends & `` Batman Begins '' `` Batman Begins '' is the best `` Batman '' film , to date & is also one of the best films of 2005 . Christopher Nolan takes the source material and does something Tim Burton & Joel Schumacher could never do ... delivering a worthwhile `` Batman '' you actually care about.After witnessing the murder of his parents , at the hands of thug , Joe Chill , a young Bruce Wayne is taken care of by the family butler , Alfred Pennyworth.Fast forward roughly a decade later as Bruce Wayne returns to Wayne Manor , leaving college , to watch & see if Joe Chill recieves an early release from prison after ratting out Gotham mob boss , Carmine Falcone . When Chill is released , Bruce finds out that the Gotham City he grew up with , has changed into an evil corrupt hellhole run by the mob . His point is proven as a newly freed Chill is shot in cold-blood on the courthouse steps , thanks from hired thugs payed off by Falcone.Disillusioned , Bruce searches the world for a way to fight injustice . Trying to learn & understand the criminal underworld Bruce is caught as a thief & lands up in a Chinese prison where he meets a mysterious man by the name of Ducard . Ducard offers Bruce a chance to learn what he has been looking for . Bruce accepts his offer & meets Ducard 's master , Ras Al Ghul , a sorcerer & extensive master in many martial & mental arts , who has trained Ducard in his ways.Taken under Ducard 's wing , & through extensive & arduous training both mentally -LRB- Bruce has to learn to face his fear -RRB- as well as physically , Bruce becomes what he had so longed for . But , everything comes with a price & Bruce finds out the true meaning of his training . After passing his final test , Bruce is given an ultimatum . Either , commit his life to serving Ras Al Ghul as a member of his League Of Shadows & help destroy Gotham City , or die . Bruce makes his choice & dedicates his life to saving Gotham City.Once back in Gotham & with the help of Alfred , Bruce begins to search for items that can help him in aiding his fight on crime . Through his father 's former company -LRB- now Bruce 's -RRB- , Wayne Enterprises , Bruce finds Lucious Fox , an old friend of his father 's who is glad to help him out . `` Does it come in black ? `` With the help of a lot of discarded army prototype 's that the company gave up on , light weight , bullet-proof armor becomes the batsuit , while memory fabric becomes the basis for the batcape , & a vehicle called the tumbler , that makes the new model Humvee look like a Yugo , becomes the hell-raising Batmobile.Justice has a new face & for the filth & scum of Gotham City , fear has a new name in the form of ... , Batman . `` Why bats sir ? '' `` Becuase I fear them . It 's time my enemies share my dread . `` With the help of former girlfriend turned city attorney , Rachel Dawes & an alliance , partnership with , a future police commisioner , Jim Gordon , the first order of Batman 's business is to destroy Falcone and his mob . But , Falcone is n't the only trash that Batman has to take to out . A mad psychiatrist who goes by the name of Scarecrow , who uses a toxin that hallucinates the victim 's worst fears , is secretly in league with darker forces . Forces that have a link to Batman & Bruce Wayne 's past . `` I ca n't kill you . But , I 'm not going to save you . `` After the horrendous `` Batman & Robin '' , I thought this was the end for the `` Batman '' films . There were some rumblings about trying to do something with `` Batman '' in the late 90 's , but , nothing concrete to go on . With the success of `` Spider-Man '' & the `` X Men '' films , & not wanting to let the latest comic book to movie fad pass them by , Warner Bros. gave the greenlight for a new `` Batman '' film . `` Why do we fall ? '' `` So that we learn to pick ourselves up . '' `` I thought you 'd given up on me . '' `` Never . `` Christopher Nolan agreed to direct the film , after being influenced by the `` Batman '' comic serial `` The Long Halloween '' -LRB- starting in 2000 `` The Long Halloween '' spanned over a year & is considered to be one of the best `` Batman '' stories of the new millenium -RRB- . With great respect towards the DC comic & it 's long running legacy , Nolan began searching for the new Batman.He found Batman in the form of Christian Bale . Bale 's resume includes the cult film `` American Psycho '' , as well as `` Reign of Fire '' & `` The Machinist '' . Out of the four actor 's who have portrayed the character , for me , Bale is the best Batman -LRB- Keaton comes in second , Kilmer third , & Clooney gets the consolation gift -RRB- . He brings a certain physicality to the role that was somehow missing in the past . Bale , also , seemed to slip into the role easily , since he played this sort of character in the past . A dark revelation that 's a bit uncomfortable , is that Patrick Bateman is no Batman but , both Bateman & Bruce Wayne have dual personalities.The rest of the cast is terrific . Michael Caine gracefully takes over for the great Michael Gough as the butler , Alfred , bringing warmth & charm to the fatherly figure that Bruce needs.Katie Holmes is perfect as Rachel Dawes , instead of being the usual Bat-dame , she gives the role smarts.Rounding out the cast is Morgan Freeman as Lucious Fox , Cillian Murphy , Rutger Hauer , & in an awesome role that I hope he reprises in the sequel -LRB- like there is n't gon na be one ?! -RRB- , Gary Oldman as Lieutenant Jim Gordan . Oldman nailed the part of Gordan so well it gave me the creeps . From the feathered back graying hair , the bushy moustache , & the classic glasses & weather beaten trenchcoat Gordan jumped out of the comic book & right onto the screen . Oldman 's performance is that good.I really did n't have any problems with `` Batman Begins '' , like I did with the other `` Batman '' films . With Tim Burton 's two `` Bat '' films the problem , for me , was that even though the films were dark & gothic -LRB- that 's not the problem -RRB- it was that the films seem to take place in a different part of history , in a different place , just off kilter . Do n't get me started with the two Schumacher films ! I would be here all day ! `` Batman Begins '' hits DVD on October 18th . I hope it comes in black .
 Around two years past it 's debut in theaters , I finally decided to give Batman Begins a chance -LRB- despite diehard fans shunning it 's realism -RRB- . I remember watching it during a late night , and liking what I saw , but my memory was fuzzy when I tried to recall specific scenes.Another year passes - I am purchasing art supplies on Amazon when , by chance , I see Batman Begins now available in Blu-Ray . Having bought a PS3 over the summer , and wanting to test the supposedly superior audio/video capabilities of this new format , coupled with my curiosity concerning why I enjoyed this film in the first place , I decide to add it to my order . -- $ 17.95 , 140 minutes and The Dark Knight later , I am happy at the way Christopher Nolan has managed to elevate Batman and Gotham into the modern world and yet retain a grim tone that is undeniably fantasy in nature.Begins starts off with a look at a child Bruce Wayne and his growth into the determined young man that becomes Batman . I did n't know anything about actor Christian Bale prior to his turn as the Caped Crusader , but I quickly respected his intensity and believability as Gotham 's prince on a mission to rid his city of evil.Some feel the first half is a little too drawn out , but , with this being an origin story , you ca n't expect the action to take center place throughout the entire movie . The pacing was handled very well
 Personally , I would easily choose to re-allot the hours of my lifetime spent watching previous `` Batman ... '' films to sitting at red lights , standing in elevators , and waiting in line at the post office . They never , ever tell the story as it originated , instead choosing to do remakes of the television show -- only not as good -- with a slight edge on them . The more recent Batman cartoons have been rather good , and that only added to the mystery as to why an even decent Hollywood film could n't tell the story half as well despite their many attempts with big budgets and great actors.Until now.This movie actually enhances the original story of Batman , filling in many of the holes -- like how in the hell you get the Batcave built without letting anyone know about it or killing all the builders , and manufacture all sorts of specialty armaments with the knowledge and skills of a pampered billionaire and an English butler.Batman is about doing the wrong thing for the right reasons ; and an inner struggle to resolve regret and remorse with a genuine and righteous vengence . It amazes me that a cartoon artist thought up even the basic elements of this story -- and perhaps even more so that it was handed off to several other storytellers who could n't manage even its initial syllables.This is the Batman movie you were always hoping they would make . It would probably have been a much bigger hit if it were n't preceded by such bad versions of the same story.They do n't overplay Morgan Freeman , get campy with Alfred , or have people falling into vats of radioactive waste and raising armies of crime syndicate costumed flunkies overnight and in record numbers . The story -- the epically dramatic , non-cartoon version -- is the star here , and its excellently told without getting overshadowed by big name movie stars.Bottom Line
 There is really no other word -LRB- other than its synonyms -RRB- to describe this movie . Batman Begins takes the movie Batman to a whole new level . You now know more about him then you did before . Batman is no longer that super hero with his trademark `` tongue-in-cheek '' humor . No , no , no . This is a darker much more serious Batman.This movie has taken everything you thought you used to know about the caped crusader and basically , just threw it out the window . Thats not to say that the key elements of who Batman IS arent still there . He still is out for justice -LRB- or maybe its more for vengeance ... -RRB- he still dwells in a cave on his huge estate and is still the millionaire self-made superhero with all the cool gadgets . Basically what this movie has done is taken all of the humor out of the Batman we saw in the previous movies . It takes a more serious approach and quite frankly its refreshing . I think that now we finally get to see the legendary Batman as we were ment to see him . Christopher Nolan has done what Tim Burton never did , and thats what makes this movie so great . Not to mention the great special effects and story behind it all.Im sure over half of America has seen this movie . But in the case that you havent ... let me just say you are missing out on a true piece of `` Hollywood Magic '' .
 It was n't always the case that a comic book adaptation could draw Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman . Fortunately , comic movies are `` in '' right now . And , more fortunately still , they made this movie while they could.This is the Batman movie we 've all always waited for . Now , do n't get me wrong
 It 's been a bumpy road for the Caped Crusader over the years !!! Too much colour , too many actors , and not enough Fear in the Suit !!! Fast forward to the finest Comic Book to Film adaptation ever . Christian Bale -LRB- best known for his roll in American Psycho
 Doubtless , Nolan has reinvigorated the Batman franchise . Warner Brothers gambled on this production and was hugely successful . Who knows if Nolan will continue to direct but doubtless Caine , Freeman , and Bale will continue to play their roles . They 've been given very good scripts , very good characters , and guaranteed box office . That is the hat-trick that all actors crave . Batman Begins should have a very significant effect on the genre itself . Where comic book movies have begun to falter very badly -- we were given a very good example of such faltering movies in The Fantastic Four playing this very summer -- Nolan has shown us how a such a movie can be successful . Certainly , future movies in this sub-genre will be encouraged to explore similar `` dark and adult themes '' in their scripts . What will be interesting to see is if Hollywood can tear itself away from the setting of the comic book world and begin to explore new concepts in speculative settings that do n't have agendas , scripts , and characters ready-made . Could Batman Begins have been successful under a different title and a different name ? We think so . In fact , the thought of a movie where a troubled man begins to take justice in to his own hands with the implicit cooperation of elements within the justice department would have a profound resonance in this day and age of terrorism . Or , it could follow in the footsteps of M. Night Shyamalan 's excellent movie Unbreakable where the thought of becoming a comic book hero in real terms has real consequences and real misgivings . Truly , watched together , Unbreakable and Batman Begins share similar elements and differ only in that one invokes a heritage and one inherits a bequest . Will Nolan show Hollywood the path to reinvigorating movie production in general ? We can only pray it is so ... WHO SHOULD SEEThe box office take for this movie was wildly successful . Certainly , enthusiasts of Spider Man , prior Batman films , Superman , and all the host of other comic book movies will be astonished at the scope and daring of this movie as compared to others . Fans of Burton 's first Batman film who felt rather lost and abandoned in the subsequent three films will find the return to roots and adult plotting refreshing . Movie audiences that relish psychological conflict as much as they relish physical conflict will find a great deal within this movie that will excite their craving for suspense.WHO SHOULD PASSThis is a movie that requires a deal of immersion and patriotism towards the genre itself . People who approach these more speculative elements with a great deal of suspicion tinged with a bit of contempt will not enjoy this film . A suspension of some disbelief is required despite Nolan 's efforts at creating realistic spectacle . This is precisely true because the characters are symbolic and the themes are familiar archetypes ... for subtle shadings of grey , the viewer will have to seek elsewhere . Gotham City is , after all , not a real place and that will irritate some viewers . Equally , people looking finally for something different in this genre of comic book movies will be disappointed ; it is different in craft but it is still very emphatically a comic book movie . It is a comic book movie done exceptionally well but still a comic book movie . People seeing this film only because they are fans of Katie Holmes will probably be disappointed with her performance . Younger children will probably not enjoy this film , be terrified of some elements of it , and not understand a great deal . Parents should take the 13 in the PG-13 rating very , very seriously . Take young kids to see Spider Man 2 and The Fantastic Four.READ THE ENTIRE REVIEW AT INCHOATUS.COM
 Yes , I understand that this could be considered somewhat of a prequel to the 4 other Batman movies of recent Hollywood endeavor . Tim Burton 's two films Batman and Batman Returns were very entertaining . Joel Schumacher 's Batman Forever was fair , but Schumacher 's Batman and Robin was absolutely atrocious -LRB- think the TV series -RRB- ! Batman Begins is so head and shoulders above any of the aforementioned that it would be okay with me if Christopher Nolan just took the franchise from the beginning and went forward ... yes even steamrolled right over Burton 's versions of The Joker -LRB- who wants to think of Jack Nicholson when they think of the Joker anyway ? -RRB- , the Penguin and Catwoman.The title of Batman Begins is the best description of the movie . We see exactly why Batman is Batman . What happened in his childhood , his training , how he gets all those cool devices and toys including a modern day , very realistic Batmobile ... the Tumbler -LRB- out are the stupid nicknames Batmobile , Batcave , Batetcetera -RRB- . Batman returns to Gotham from his training to face his first nemesis ... Scarecrow.Batman Begins is suspenseful , scary at times and well acted with terrific special effects . An improvement even on Burton 's Batman and Schumacher 's Batman was a disgrace in my opinion . So Batman Begins was a delightful breath of fresh air filling the sails of what hopefully is the beginning of a new era of Batman movies.Go for that Buy button .
 Christopher Nolan set out to make the best Batman movie possible . He spared no expense . He recalled looking at the success of the first Superman movie back in 1978 and decided that part of making the film work was having the right cast . Christopher Nolan more than succeeded in his aim ! Snatching up some of the best actors around in Liam Neeson , Morgan Freeman , Rutger Hauer , Ken Watanabe , Michael Caine , Gary Oldman , Tom Wilkinson , and even the young talents of Christian Bale and Cillian Murphy helped make this , not only the best Batman adaptation ever done but one of the best comic book adaptations of all time.Nolan also made sure to find a screenwriter who was familiar with the Batman universe . He looked at various bodies of work from Frank Miller to other graphic novels as well , trying to find the best story and the best medium for making the movie.First , Christian Bale NAILS the role of BOTH Bruce Wayne and Batman . Reports are that he put on nearly 100 pounds ... so much that he , in fact , had to drop some weight in order to fit into the suit ! He makes Wayne more of a philanthropic playboy who is more interested in cars and women than about the corrupt state of Gotham City . But as the Dark Knight he is relentless and brutal in his mission to make crimelords and corrupt public officials pay and pay with interest ! You got ta love the scene where Batman snatches Detective Fass off the ground from 10 stories up . `` I do n't know anything , I swear to God ! '' cries Fass . `` Swear to ME ! '' Batman growls at him . Nolan , the crew , and Bale all had a clear idea of the kind of Batman that they wanted to have portrayed.The supporting cast is first rate , and why should n't it be ? Liam Neeson is brilliant as Wayne 's mentor , Ducard . And Michael Caine is wonderful as the ever reliable Alfred.One of the best performances has to go to Gary Oldman as Sergeant Jim Gordon . He looks like he was cut right out of the comic , and he does a fantastic job.Morgan Freeman is also very good as Lucius Fox who helps Bruce Wayne make his preparations . Cillian Murphy turns in a very good performance as Scarecrow -LRB- best villian portrayal of any of Batman films thusfar -RRB- . Katie Holmes is very credible . Luckily , she is n't in the film too much so her performance does n't suffer under the weight of so many veteran performers.Batman Begins is dark and brutal , just as Batman was meant to be based largely on Frank Miller 's work . He has always been the antithesis to Superman , each at the other end of the spectrum . Batman is the hero who does the dirty work among psychopaths and the dregs of society.In a recent Justice League Comic , every member was captured except for Batman . The alien race stated that it would n't be difficult since Batman has no powers . Superman only laughs and states categorically , `` He 's the most dangerous of us . `` Batman is popular because of the power of his deductive reasoning . He is more than a fighting machine . He is able to out-think his opponent . Batman Begins does the best job of tapping into this . The suit is the best yet as well . Got ta love Christian Bale 's `` Batman Voice . '' It 's perfect . And this film is as close to being perfect as it can get.Bring on the Dark Knight !
 This is a pretty handy film . With none of the showmanship of the 1989 Batman , this film is almost workmanlike in the way it builds its story , and yet the overall effect is perhaps the best Batman ever.Christian Bale is quietly effective as Bruce Wayne , a likeable and soulful hero , and a truly impressive cast of very famous faces from both America and England give him more than enough support.But its the story which impresses most . This Batman tale has real depth and only rarely stretches credibility to the point where you are reminded that the film is based on a comic book . It 's the story of a man , searching for a means to deal with his own demons and looking for a pathway through life . The script is deft at every turn , making the unfolding plot seem effortless and natural.Best of all , it relies on great acting , writing , direction and plot , seemlessly interwoven , rather than special effects to hold your attention.Without a hint of Hollywood 's usual , typical `` look at me '' ostentatiousness , Batman Begins may be the most totally watchable and satisfying comic book hero movie I 've ever seen.Mention simply must be made of Michael Cain 's Alfred ... the man is classy , and genuinely funny , which stands out in a serious and compelling tale like this one.Batman Begins is a film I highly recommend .
 The last time Batman was seen on the silver screen , his suit had nipples , the Batmobile was shaped like a giant male sex organ , and he and his foes -LRB- including Arnold Schwarzenegger in a gigantic steel suit -RRB- were spouting out cheesy one liners that approached a level of stupidity not even reached in the campy 1960s ' tv series.Shocked by the stunningly bad treatment of this classic character , critically acclaimed director Christopher Nolan and comic book fan David Goyer -LRB- who wrote the `` Blade '' films -RRB- joined forces to write `` Batman Begins '' . Unlike the films of the previous series -LRB- event the Tim Burton films , which were excellent and are still my favorites -RRB- , this one was to be faithful to the source material and show the true origins of the Dark Knight.And man does it ever . `` Batman Begins '' take you back - way back - to Bruce Wayne 's origins . Tormented by the sight of his parents ' murder as a child , Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- goes on a journey to find himself . He winds up in an Asian prison , where he is found by the mysterious Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who works for a secret organization known as the Leauge Of Shadows . There Bruce learns how to concquer his fears through strength and discipline . However , he soon learns that the Leauge are not all that it 's cracked up to be , and he eludes them and returns to Gotham City . There , he is awaited by his trusted and loving butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine , perfectly cast -RRB- and his childfriend Rachel Dawes -LRB- a miscast Katie Holmes -RRB- . He learns that Wayne Enterprises , the corporation his father started to help Gotham City has been taken over by sleazy business mogul Richard Eearle -LRB- Rutger Hauer , c'mon , you remember him -RRB- . With the help of Alfred and outcast Wayne Enterprises ally Lucious Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman , again perfectly cast -RRB- , he adopts a new persona , a vengeful vigilante who uses his fear of bats to strike fear into the hearts of others . He becomes ... Batman . And that 's where the fun begins . He becomes allies with Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman , once again perfectly cast -RRB- , one of Gotham 's only good cops -RRB- . With his help , he must take down the sinister Dr. Jonathan Crane -LRB- the creepy Cillian Murphy , who was awesome -RRB- , aka Scarecrow , who plans to poison Gotham City with his fear gas . There 's nonstop action mixed in with an incredibly well written plot that amounts to the best Batman movie in nearly 15 years.All in all , this film is excellent . The cast is perfect for the most part . Christian Bale makes for a great Batman and Bruce Wayne . He does just as good as Michael Keaton , but he also adds an edge to the role not scene before . Michael Caine brings the role of Alfred to life , as does Gary Oldman with Jim Gordon . In the previous franchise , these characters were n't given proper treatment . I did n't mind , but it 's nice to see them finally get the respect they deserve . Neeson is excellent as Ducard , who was n't actually a villian in the comics . He is extremely low key and very creepy . Freeman is excellent as Fox . In the comics , Fox was a pretty minor character , but Freeman makes the character very accesssible and thus the character is put to good use . Cillian Murphy was fantastic as The Scarecrow . He owned the part . Tom Wilkinson even pops up for a great cameo as crime boss Carmine Falcone . Katie Holmes , as I said earlier , was extremely miscast . She just was n't able to hold her own against the film 's other stars.The extras on the second disc are great , but the menu takes a while to navigate . I liked the comic book , too . Definitely a must see movie .
 Batman and Batman Returns were easily the best two of the first four films . They had everything the darker comic books had , including the deep atmosphere and an anti-hero Batman character . For a long time after the release of the third -LRB- Batman Forever -RRB- and fourth -LRB- Batman & Robin -RRB- I feared for the future of what had been a great movie franchise . So , when Batman Begins came out , I was determined not to waste the same amount of time as I did with Forever and Batman & Robin.Luckily , I changed my mind . Batman Begins has gone back -LRB- without Keaton -RRB- to its darker roots , capturing the haunting , crime-ridden atmosphere made great in the first two films . Not only that , but it left behind all those childish moments in Batman Forever and Batman & Robin.Though certainly not Michael Keaton 's Batman , Christian Bale brings to us a new Batman , one hell bent -LRB- at least at first -RRB- on succeeding where he had past failed , and one facing many new obstacles in his career . When he 's in constume , Bale delivers convincely as a menacing crime-fighter . Definately better than Clooney or Kilmer . To add , the villains in this film are far more convincing than even those in the first two films.I 'd recommend this movie for anyone who is enjoying the current flood of superhero films , or for those of you who still had hope left for the Batman movies . A great movie sure to promise greater sequals -LRB- I HOPE -RRB- . As for the DVD , I highly recommend the Deluxe Edition , as it contains a second disc filled with interesting documentaries along with a small graphic novel of past Batman adventures . A must have for true fans .
 This movie was a pleasant surprise for my family -LRB- most of us anyhow -RRB- . One of my teens thought it was stupid . The rest of us loved it.As a kid I grew up watching Batman on TV . This show gave me an origin to the entire concept of the show from the beginning by carefully and compellingly laying a foundation for how and why Batman uses the image he does and how he overcomes evil . It is a movie we will end up buying , not just renting , because we 'll want to see it from time to time.If you are a firstborn , and carry the ` hero ' mantle in your family , you will no doubt love this movie . It appeals to your internal sense of justice in a refined way that rejects some of the eastern tendencies that bother some of us . At the same time I flaw the plot for providing no realistic solution for the inability of men to overcome their internal battle against evil desires . The idea that sheer will power will do it seems rather pale to me . So it 's a four star ... but the rest of the movie is really good.Kids can watch it and enjoy it because the bad language and sexual connotations that many movies contain were absent by and large . Even the recently released ` Robots ' contained a lot of references to gender confusion ... yet this movie was refreshingly free from those common ` flies in the ointment ' -LRB- if you will -RRB- . Honestly the other Batman stuff I 've seen in the last few years never made me happy . As an old 60 's Batman and Robin guy this was the first movie on Batman that I 've seen that I thought was worth watching . It left me satisfied with the question of why is Batman Batman ... and how did he really get started and why ? That 's the name of the movie ... so I guess it delivered ... Batman Begins . See it if you have n't . I think you 'll agree ... at least most of you will .
 One would have thought that Batman and Robin would have been the end of the Batman film series but Batman Begins pumps new life into the franchise . Gone from the new Batman are all of the gimmicks that turned the original series into a parody of the original film directed by Tim Burton . Christian Bale makes an excellent Bruce Wayne , a figure who is truly haunted and searching for a meaning to life , taking the road less traveled into becoming what he hates until found by the mysterious Ducard . Mr. Bale is excellent in the exploring the depths of Bruce Wayne as he goes from being a vengeful college student , to being a petty criminal , searching to find himself as Ducard 's pupil and finally determined to rid Gotham of crime rejecting the violence of the League of Shadows.The film is beautifully cast , down to the smaller roles . Michael Caine does a wonderful job as Alfred , providing a great deal of the film 's humor and the necessary reassuring figure for Bruce Wayne . Before him Michael Gough was the quintessential Alfred but Mr. Caine has made the part his own . Katie Holmes does well as Wayne 's love interest in a part that has little of the sexuality of the prior films but stands as a disapproving figure to Bruce Wayne 's playboy image . Gary Oldman was an inspired choice as Jim Gordon , Morgan Freeman is wonderful as the Wayne Enterprises head of Applied Science and Liam Neeson makes a tough minded mentor and later an effective adversary . Cillian Murphy is very suave as Jonathan Crane transforming himself into the `` Scarecrow '' with a help from the mind altering drug that will shortly be used on Gotham . I also liked seeing Rutgar Hauer -LRB- Blade Runner -RRB- in a mainstream movie ; most of his film roles seeming to be released only to video.The film portrays Gotham as a gritty , crime-ridden city with criminals without gimmicks . The effects are limited to just telling the story , avoiding sensational extremes . Most important , Batman Begins brings back the feel of the comic books , telling a great story .
 It is rumoured that this film may get nominated for Best Picture at the Oscars , and it very well deserves it . I am 15 years old and have been a fan of The Batman for over 11 years . I could not forget that stunned and confused look on my face back in 1997 when I saw Batman & Robin . iwas the type of kid who enjoyed the two Burton films more than Schumacher 's films in which back in those days kids enjoyed the last two more than the first two . After watching the slow downfall of the franchise in that film alone -LRB- especially when Robin was thrown into that green melted ice cream if you know what scene I mean -RRB- I thought that there was a very high chance that another film of Bob Kane and Bill Finger 's character would not be made again . There were rumours in the coming years of a Batman Superman film and a Batman Beyond film , but both ideas flunked.So here I am almost eight years later watching a complete restart of the franchise and it is finally done absolutely right . Bale is by far the greatest portrayl of the character I have ever seen , EVER ! Michael Cane is right on the money as Alfred Pennyworth and the supporting cast including Morgan Freeman , Liam Neeson , Katie Holmes , Cillian Murphy and a lot more come together to create a most excellent film which does n't even feel like a typical comic book film . This film goes along with Spider-Man 2 of films that show the story right . Buy this DVD !!
 As a fan of Tim Burton , I like his Batman films , but as a Batman fan , they could n't have been further from the Batman flavor . Or that 's what I thought till Joel Schumacher killed Batman with his ` films ' . It 's sad when a cartoon has better writing then FOUR feature films combined , but that 's all the real Batman fans were left with if they wanted well told intelligent stories about Batman and his multi-layered villains aside from reading the books . That is until a ballsy director and writer came along , those people being Christopher Nolan and David S. Goyer , and FIXED Batman . Goyer , I had faith in . I 'd just hoped he could retain the characters ' personalities . Nolan , has MORE than proved he can deliver a dark and gritty Batman film without turning it into dark camp like Burton , or something so insane and flamboyant it would never happen , like Schumacher . I think that 's why this film succeeds where the other films failed miserably , because aside from a man in a rag/mask calling himself Scarecrow , and another man in a Batsuit calling himself Batman , the film is camp free , a first for ANY live action Batman representation.Nolan gives us a gritty city with slums that echo the worst from around the world , AND he makes it dark enough to be very ` Batman ' without making it look unnatural . Gotham City is supposed to be ugly and decayed , a virtual urban cesspool of crime , and a nightmare for the viewer . I loved Burton 's Gothic flavor , but he could n't capture reality . Everything felt like a fantastic set , but what Nolan does , is give us something that exists . Part of the nature of this film is the internal . Fears , primal impulses , what drives us to do the things that we do . How does a well meaning person go down a path of corruption ? What is a person willing to do for justice and is it that far away from vengeance ? These are the things the other films NEVER touched on , or if they did , it was never done right . This film does that . It 's gritty , it 's a crime movie . I think it 's the first time since Batman '89 where organized crime was touched on at all , which is a large staple of the BATMAN comics . Simply put , a great comic book movie with a fantastic digital presentation and the DVD extras are fantastic .
 Christopher Nolan 's Batman Begins explores the origin of the Dark Knight . Because of his parents ' murder , Bruce Wayne embarks on a journey to find someone who will bring peace and justice to Gotham City . Bruce finds someone who is strong , fearful , and has a cool car
 In this fifth installment of the ever popular Batman feature film series , Christian Bale suits up as our caped superhero . Overall , Christian handles the role of Batman very effectively , complete with the scratchy , raspy voice that is downright creepy . He is a little bit less convincing as Bruce Wayne , although who watches a Batman movie to see Bruce Wayne ? I thought the fighting scenes were done well , but most were shot so close-up to the action I felt like I was n't seeing half of the scene . That is the one downside to this movie , if it has any downsides . Supporting Bale are Michael Caine , Katie Holmes , Gary Oldman , Morgan Freeman , Liam Neeson and Cillian Murphy as the Scarecrow . Michael Caine brings the character of Alfred to a whole new great level although I would still take Michael Gough as Bruce 's butler anyday . Katie Holmes I thought did a decent job as the assistant DA/Bruce Wayne 's love interest , although I feel the film could have gone on without her . Finally Cillian Murphy does a great portrayal of the big villain in the fim , the Scarecrow/Dr . Jonathan Crane . Unlike in previous Bat films , where there is usually one or two villains or bad guys , in this film there is at least 5 if not more . The Scarecrow is a genuinely alarming and menacing bad guy and is definitely a step up from the goofball Mr. Freeze in Batman and Robin , the worst film in the series . Liam Neeson and Morgan Freeman are great additions to the cast as well as great portrayals of their characters , Neeson as Wayne 's mentor and Freeman as Bruce 's ally in Wayne Enterprises , remeniscent of Q in the James Bond series . Basically , this is the story in a nutshell
 Christian Bale is , bar none , the best actor to ever portray Batman onscreen , and only Guy Pearce , I believe , could have come as close to being as good . Batman Begins , by director Christopher Nolan , who made the classic Memento -LRB- starring Pearce -RRB- and the good American version of Insomnia , shows that he understands what has made Batman the most popular superhero in comic book history - yes , surpassing both Superman and Spider-Man . That said , as good a comic book film as Batman Begins is , that 's all it is . It has no real depth , other than in the realm it occupies . But , that 's more than enough for your average moviegoer . At 2 hours and 20 minutes in length , it also re-visions Batman , not as a psychotic loner who makes himself into an avenger , nor as the campy icon of the 1960s television hit , nor the last two installments of the 1990s film franchise , but as a Ninja warrior . This is good , in that it allows Liam Neeson , as the villain Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- who uses the alias Henri Ducard -RRB- , to finally allow his penchant for wooden acting and spouting inane Oriental koans to be fully realized , unlike his turn in the second Star Wars trilogy , but bad in that it utterly undermines the psychological complexity of the Bruce Wayne character , for the Batman , in his purest original form , is a vigilante driven by vengeance , not a savior . Neeson has not had a role so suited to his Lurch-like acting style since Darkman ... . The film lands somewhere between camp and grit , but could have needed a bit more camp , thus why it just misses out on being a great film - even if only in a comic book vein , like the first Batman film by Tim Burton . That said , this darker avenue bodes better for the future of this new franchise , even if it means enduring the grim-faced and dubious Oriental philosophies that even martial arts films are wise enough to wink at .
 I like this version of Batman because it is how I think Batman should be . After his parents being shot , Bruce Wayne was lost and angry . To spend his time and money to wear the bat suit and learn to fight , he was NOT in it for the glory of being a Superhero like other Batman movies tell it . He wanted to punish criminals and maybe even kill them which the movie touch base on between revenge vs. compassion.I have opened my eyes on Chris Nolan since Momento . But with this Batman series , he will be the writer/director to watch . I think he is thoughtful writer which seems rare in movies these days .
 Version
 This package is definetly worth it . It includes the great movie , batman begins staring Christian Bale . It has a deep plot and great special affects . Their is also a tankman trailer thrown in their which is very funny -LRB- esspecially the end -RRB- , as well as a theatrical trailer . On the second disc , their are many interviews with Christopher Nolan and crew about the Making of the move , including the sets , and the batmobile , gotham city , genesis of the bat , and alot more . Their are also pictures and biographys of the different charecters . It also includes a flash dirve with more stuff on it . There is also a DVD that includes a trailer of The Dark Knight Staring christian bale and Heath Ledger . -LRB- the best Batman movie ever -RRB- . It is definetly worth the money .
 This Film is not only one of the best examples of a comic book character coming to the big screen , but it also is an amazing example of what blu ray can do . I personally have a playstation 3 as my blu-ray player and it plays through a 52 '' 1080i Plasma TV , and while I do not have surround sound , this film has been the highest quality of the 30 some blu-ray discs I have seen . The lack of grains in the pictures and the steady camera is just amazing . I am not huge on special features , so I do n't know how great they are , but I will say if you are looking for an amazing film to show off to your friends then look no further . A great film with great acting and the most beautiful transfer I have ever seen from the big screen .
 Great buy !! For all batman fans that love the make of the batmobile ... will love the extra footage of how the make withstand all the other past models of batmobiles ...
 After purchasing my HD DVD player , Batman Begins was the first movie on my list to buy . I 've seen the movie in the theater and had it on regular DVD . It 's become one of my favorites . But watching it on HD DVD was better than expected . The clarity of the picture was outstanding . This movie was on TV in HD right after I bought the HD DVD version and it could not compare to picture quality of the HD DVD . If you own a HD DVD player and like this movie , getting the HD DVD version is the best way to see it .
 I 've been waiting for this movie to come out onto Blu-ray for months . . Amazing movie , great transfer - worth every dollar . The bonus IMAX preview of the Dark knight was pure eye candy.Note
 Excellent cast , excellent SFX , excellent acting . I 've been an avid Batman comic fan for years and this movie does the dark knight the most justice . Batman in the comic books is a dark character and more of an anti-hero . No sugar-coated stuff in this movie , it 's back to basics with `` Batman Begins '' . Love the ending of the film ... Commisioner Gordon tells Batman `` I never did thank you '' ... Batman cuts him short and retorts `` and you 'll never have to '' ... Priceless .
 You 're gon na see it , so ... Michael Caine is superb as Alfred , Morgan Freeman is a perfect Lucius Fox . & Christian Bale
 I have been a fan of Batman for as long as I can remember and ever since the comic book movie renisannce began I was hoping that Warner Brothers would take another shot at a Batman movie . This movie outside of the original Batman is probably the best Batman flick ever . I have to qualify this performance as 2nd to the original Tim Burton film for 2 reasons . The first being that this movie , like it or not , borrows heavily from the style of the first film -LRB- fans had never seen Batman 's signature Grapple Gun or black Batsuit until Burton 's film realized them , for example -RRB- and second because without the first film this film may never have been created . HOWEVER , this is the first live-action Batman film to actually focus on ... Batman . While the other films recognized the importance of developing the villian , Batman Begins realizes the importance of developing the hero .
 Okay , I went in with pretty low expectations . The last two Batman movies were aweful , and the original preview of `` Begins '' did n't impress me much . I got a bit into the hype and saw it in the giant Imax theater , though . I was completely blown away.This film pulls you in from the start and does n't let you go till the last ` batarang ' falls . It actually had a very interesting plot , some mystery , and a neat twist . Being Batman , it also had awesome fight scenes.This movie really captures the essence of the Dark Knight . The movie is dark and paints a vivid picture of the real Gotham City . Bruce is a brooding , vengeful hero who walks the fine line between savior and conqueror . The movie really explores his inner demons and his moral dillemas.This is a must see , even if you are not a fan of the series . It was ten times better than Spiderman 2 , which I had thought of as the best hero movie prior to this . It has superb acting and the plot is just great . Christian Bale is perfect as Batman and Michael Cane is great as Alfred . I 'd give this movie a 6/5 if I could .
 Today , on opening day , I watched `` Batman Begins . '' And while I am no expert on the associated comic books and graphic novels , I have seen Tim Burton 's `` Batman '' movie from 1989 more times than I can count . It 's the only one that really mattered , until now , so the contrasts I draw will reference this movie more than Joel Schumacher 's two lackluster attempts -LRB- `` Batman Forever '' and `` Batman and Robin '' -RRB- and Tim Burton 's own `` Batman Returns . `` Director Christopher Nolan is an appropriate choice for directing this franchise in that his work has , so far , been enigmatic and dark . `` Memento '' and `` Insomnia '' both played out as creepy yarns which demanded some attention from the viewer , and if `` Batman Begins '' feels a little too straightforward compared to those two films , remember the kind of subject matter we are dealing with . Batman is a cultural icon like Darth Vader or Frodo Baggins , and as such , any tricky storytelling for its own sake is out of the question . `` Batman Begins '' begins with Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- raising hell in a prison somewhere in Asia . Liam Neeson , the mentor du jour for action stories , plays a martial arts expert named Ducard . He recruits Wayne and encourages him to seek vengeance for his parents ' slayings back in Gotham City , as part of a bigger housecleaning project he has in mind . Nolan also goes to some trouble to set up Bruce Wayne 's motivations
 When Batman first attempts one of his stunts in the truly remarkable Batman Begins , the thought flashed across my mind `` He 's going to hurt himself . '' That 's the level of immersion into the world of Bruce Wayne that this film is capable of.Sometimes titles really do indicate the subject matter of works , and this is one of those occasions . This is not the story of a man with a dual identity , like the first Batman , who has difficulty balancing roles that were thrust upon him by cruel fate . This is the story , first , of how a traumatized boy almost threw his life away in blind revenge , and , granted a reprieve , turned his back on his wealth to experience another world . -LRB- It is the story of Batman as American ninja , as cheesy and offputting as that might sound , the movie does it right . -RRB- This is not a Batman of chopsocky fights and kung-fu bad guys standing in a line for a chance to fight the hero . This is a Batman who lives veiled in shadows and who employs terror and misdirection as his weapons , not brute strength . This is the story of how Bruce Wayne forges himself into Batman and it is a powerful story , even for people far beyond the normal gravitional pull of the world of comics.I found a criticism here to be on point
 Batman and Batman Returns were two of Tim Burton 's finest work . After Batman Returns , Tim passed the torch to Joel Screwmacher who drove the franchise into the ground with Batman Forever and the absolutely dreadful Batman & Robin . in 2005 Christopher Nolan breathed life into the series with Batman Begins.Plot
 An honest , believable tale of the Dark Knight.The director 's dogmatic insistence , `` Make it real ... make it real , '' paid off . This telling makes the story of Batman real and believable . Of all the `` hero '' genre films I 've ever seen this one is my favorite because of the aforementioned statement . The acting is top notch -- and I 'm no fan of Katie Homes and think someone else could have done it better , but alas ... -- Michael Caine is a great `` Alfred '' and Lucias Fox 's -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- lines are great . The casting was well done and I am glad they included Rutger Hauer -LRB- a personal favorite because of his work in Blade Runner -RRB- . But above all , this is the best telling of the Batman story -- even better than in the comics -- and better than other genre films -LRB- even the original Chris Reeve `` Superman '' which is a close 2nd -RRB- .
 This is an awesome HD movie ! all I can say is if you have a HD player you have got to get this movie . If you do n't you will do injustice to your player . If you do not have an HD player and know someone who does and they have this movie in HD ask them to let you watch it ... you will be convinced and I can assure you that you will want to go out and purchase a HD player . Once you have watched a HD movie ... you will not want to watch a standard DVD again . HD-DVD 's is doing for the movies what HD has done for TV stations but much better ! Now imagine that !
 At last , there is a film worthy of DC Comics ' second great superhero . When Tim Burton 's 1989 film came out , I was very impressed , and enjoyed the film immensely -LRB- even if I never was completely sold on Michael Keaton as Batman -RRB- . I remember leaving the theater thinking it was a really good film , but disappointed that it did n't prove to be as stirring as `` Superman
 Here 's what makes this superhero movie better than all the others :1 . It 's the first superhero movie that 's about ... the superhero ! There 's not one scene in the whole movie in which a villain appears without Batman . And let 's face it , Batman has always been the main interest -- the only character in the whole series with some depth and complexity .2 . The villains have some dignity . Instead of prancing jackasses in heavy makup and bizarre costumes , this has villains who are believable humans , and who are menacing without all the scenery chewing .3 . It takes its time . Instead of screaming from one unbelievable explosion and chase to the next , it lingers a bit , takes the time to let characters and situations develop , and gives reasons that make some sense for all the weirdness.Let 's hope that , if they continue this series , they maintain all these qualities . Not to mention Christian Bale , who 's terrific . And let 's also hope that Robin never appears .
 As the title says , I for one liked this film much more than its sequel `` The Dark Knight '' . I feel that it stayed more to the `` superhero '' theme whereas The Dark Knight was more of a crime thriller -LRB- no harm in that of course -RRB- . Liam Neeson 's portrayal of Ra 's al Ghul was excellent . Katie Holmes also played her part brilliantly . Christopher Nolan 's story of the Dark Knight has gotten off to an excellent start with this film . This film helped me in an ethical/moral sense as well . Certain statements by the characters has made me think and act for the better -LRB- as the legend of the Dark Knight should -RRB- . One of my favorite quotes from this movie as spoken by Batman ... `` It 's not who I am underneath but what I do that defines me . `` Definitely see this movie .
 Here 's the conventional wisdom regarding the Batman film franchise
 Movie - 4.5 Prior to seeing this reboot I only liked Tim Burton 's renditions , but more so for them being Tim Burton movies rather than actual Batman movies . I did n't see Batman Begins in theaters and never even considered watching it till the DVD came out because I was so embarrassed at the debacle that is Joel Shumacher 's Batman & Robin -LRB- though I will say Forever was decent , despite its inclination for campiness -RRB- . So I blind-bought this on DVD and was blown away by its epic storytelling , characterization , and wonderful production quality . The story starts out with Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- in a Bhutanese prison meeting a man named to Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- who works for one Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- , the leader of the League of Shadows . In meeting Ducard , he recruits Wayne and mentors him in the ways of the League , instilling and debating philosophies of good versus evil , the power of will , and the arts of deception and theatricality . In becoming one of their finest students , though , Wayne must complete his rite of passage by taking the life of a man who murdered his neighbor in a territorial dispute . But in being who he is , Wayne decides not to take the man 's life , and instead , destroys the League 's base of operations . He then returns to his home of Gotham City deciding to transform himself into a symbol of justice to fight crime , protect the innocent , and bring down the corrupt , in which he dawns the masked persona of Batman . And through his initial journey , he 's assisted by the likes of his long-trusted butler , Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , an old family friend at Wayne Enterprises , Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , and the one good cop left in Gotham 's police force , Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- . As many times as it 's been done through Batman -LRB- or any other kind of comic book/fictional writing , really -RRB- what draws me to this film the most is its presentation and symbolism of Bruce Wayne , his inner conflict with himself over the responsibility of his parents ' death , his willingness and fortitude to act upon that tragedy , and his continuing efforts to be Batman and live his life for a greater cause by continuing to fight for Gotham City . My favorite aspects of the film are its dark and gloomy atmosphere , the especially wonderful cast , and an extremely well-written script that manages to amaze and inspire for both the characters and overall narrative . For an origins story , I really like how it fills in the gap of Bruce Wayne 's time away from home , the lessons he learned , and how it slowly molded him into the eventual persona of the Caped Crusader . In addition to some excellent plot development and character exposition between him and his one-time mentor , I also thought it made for a great climax and clashing of ideals between two similarly-minded people , but with completely different approaches . However , being only an origins story , there 's just so much depth one can expose , as this is just the tip of the iceberg until the real meat of the story shows itself in The Dark Knight.Video - 4.0 - Video codec
 i already owned this movie on regular dvd , but when i found out you get a sneak peak to the Dark Knight in high definition . then i had to buy it again on blu-ray . well worth it . this is the best looking blu-ray movie i have ever seen , the picture is amazing . the first 6 minutes of the Dark Knight was awesome . the special features are cool too , alot of behind the scenes stuff.as far as the movie , great 5 star movie . the writing is great , very believable . of corse it follows bruce wayne before he becomes batman . his parents get killed he becomes obsesed with vengence . then it gets good . he comes back home to his riches , wayne manor , and wayne enterprise , where he finds a military weapons development department . and gets access to all his gadgets , and the Tumbler ... oh yea the new Batmobile . then he battles the scare crow , and the Legion of Shadows . the movie ends seting up the Dark Knight .
 Great Movie ! Best on Hi-Def 1080pBlu-ray quality was no dissapointment , watching Batman Begins feels like returningto the big screen cinemas but only with better and sharpervideo quality . Uncompressed audio came in too as a blessing in disguise.Prologue to the `` The Dark Knight '' is definitely an added bonus featureto view it first in High-Def before the sequel reaches on Blu-Ray too.A must to be added in any collection. : -RRB-
 I recently bought Batman Begins on Blu Ray , and I have to say it was the best buy I have made yet . I enjoyed this movie when I saw it in theaters , more when I bought it on DVD , but now on Blu Ray it 's amazing . Not only is the transfer amazing , the sound in TRU HD clear and crisp , but the movie itself is even better now with the Dark Knight on the horizon.The special features offer us a glimpse at the new Dark Knight film ... well at least 6 minutes worth . Not to mention tons of other added features no the reincarnation of the dark knight to the locations they filmed in . I have to say that anyone out there who is a Batman fan has to own this movie ... even if you own in on DVD .
 Pretty much everything has already been said about this fantastic movie , which raised the comic book adaptation bar well beyond X-Men , or even Spiderman , has been said ; so there is little to add.I noticed a lot of people complain about the fight scenes . They are quick , confusing and chaotic . This is EXACTLY like it is having a bunch of bats swarm by.That is the intent of the fight scenes and it is very accurate.Other then that the major complaint is that this is not a brain dead movie . There are plenty of movies to keep the mouth breathing , knuckle-dragging Budweiser crowd happy . Not every movie needs to be mindless . Go watch Die Hard or something .
 After a disappointing film that people call the worst movie of all time , the Batman franchise sat dormant for awhile . Then it was to be remade with a fresh new apporach done by Christopher Nolan . The selling point for the movie before I even saw it was Christian Bale . Bale is my favorite actor of all time and he could act to a paperbag and it would be good . This movie is what Batman should be . A Dark , complex story . No little in jokes or bad dialogue , it was stricly teens to adult . I like the Scarecrow villian in this movie . You 'd think for a big comeback they 'd use a familiar name for a villian but Cillian Murphy does an amazing job as Scarecrow . The speical effects in this movie are good , the story is top notch , and the acting really sells the picture . The best superhero movie of all time . I loved the tease ending and cant wait for the second movie.I didnt have a problem with the second dvd . It looks cool but I do admit it 's annoying to navigate thru the comic .
 I just watched this film on HD DVD last night , and was completely blown away . Batman Begins is a gritty superhero film , and a fantastic reboot of a languishing franchise . I loved this movie in the theater , and saw it twice on the big screen . I also own this movie on DVD , and have watched it countless times . Watching this on HD DVD , however , was a completely different experience . I could hardly believe how detailed and rich the images were , and how colorful the movie actually is , despite the overall dark theme.Some things that I had never noticed before : - The small spirals of smoke coming from the henchmen 's guns as they search for the Dark Night on the docks . - The fine detail of the ninja outfits during the Tibet scenes . - The details in the shadows on The Narrows.For any fans of this film , the HD DVD edition will not disappoint .
 Batman Begins as a movie is great . The plot and settings of the movie really makes it feel like a real batman movie . Not colorful and very dark . The HD DVD transfer is amazing , with black levels beyond belief . If you have the standard def version and compare it to the HD version , you will notice a huge difference on any size high def t.v thats over 27 inches . I recommend this to any HD DVD owner , even if you have the standard dvd . a must .
 This is a must have for the Batman fan , we love our superheroes .
 This movie come close . Damn Close . The early comic book years of the Batman story were serious , but not sufficiently angry to explain WHY he becomes Batman . It was not , in my estimation , until Frank Miller began showing the dark side of the character that Batman became truly interesting . Readers like myself long to see the cold and cruel elements in ths world get what they deserve with the same cruelty they showed toward their victims.In BATMAN BEGINS , Bruce Wayne is shown as a truly angry character , who with the help of the League of Shadow , finds the path to become `` something more '' , a legend . Even with this intensity and focus on the revenge Bruce Wayne is compelled to take , the character is still TOO WHOLESOME.In the Frank Miller-type characterizations , Batman is borderline psychotic . While trying not to slip into becoming a murderer like the villians , Batman is not above maiming or beating his enemies within an inch of their life -LRB- see Dark Knight Returns or Bruce Wayne
 People tend to think of comics -- and films based off of them -- as things just for kids . Something with bright costumes , lots of violence and explosions . This film proves that comics are no different than any other novel , videogame , or film . You have the good ones -LRB- Batman Begins , Batman , and Batman Returns -RRB- and the bad ones -LRB- Batman Beyond and Batman and Robin -RRB- . Batman Begins is one of the best films I have seen that has been based off a comicbook series . The film has a strong storyline , great script , and a very talented cast . You can tell by the quality and detail of the movie that the people involved really cared about this character . I 'm glad to have seen a film that brings justice to Batman and his story.As for portraying Gotham 's Dark Knight Bale has brought the character back to life on the screens just as Keaton had for Tim Burton 's Batman and Batman Returns .
 Yeah I said it big deal . Everyone is in this big hype of Spiderman and X-Men . Their used to fake action scenes not real action scenes like batman begins Both those movies sucked . What you want batman to act like a punk like wolverine or spiderman . Batman Begins is the real deal . Everyone is in denial that this movie is good . There just jealous that D.C. not Marvel came out with a better movie . Though I like marvel comics , Hollywood has ruind The Marvel moive franchise.I hope that SuperMan Returns will be just as good . D.C is coming back stronger than ever .
 Where to start ? This is so good and blast cool a movie ! Ra 's Al Ghul and Scarecrow are #s 2 and 10 in my top 10 favorite Bat-foes , but more than that , Christian Bale is the second best Batman next to Micheal Keaton ! The scariness was at a perfect level , all the fight scenes were made like a rich cake , there were so many good and memorable lines , and I just got ta say it ! Batman Begins rules the world of DC comics ! Except for Batman and Batman Returns , of course . And so , I 've done my review . See Batman Begins . You WO N'T regret it .
 i wacthed it yesterday and it was a amazing movie!batman begins is a great movie for all ages!the time magizine said it 's a bumpy storyline but it is not!it 's pure fun and amazment !!!!!!! more poeple review that is good ! 5 stars that is !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this movie is enjoyble !!!! : -RRB-
 After recently watching the trailer for Batman Begins , i am very excited to see that it is coming back to the big screen . I was very disappointed with the last two batman movies , but thought the first two were pretty good . Christian Bale should be a fine batman . He has the dark look necessary for such a role . I am looking forward to this movie and hope that many others are as well .
 Just thanks for demonstrate only one thing
 I loved it , the action was great . And it kept you going all the way.You should really buy this movie . It is very good .
 This sure was a good movie , but Michael Keaton still makes a better Batman . Everyone else is just an immitation of Michael Keaton 's Batman role .
 `` Batman Begins '' does a better job than expected of providing the `` prequel '' or `` backstory '' to the canonical Batman myth . The clever link at the end to the `` joker '' story is a nice touch , and the bats -LRB- as Bruce calls them , the `` reinforcements '' -RRB- are terrific . This film always takes seriously its obligation to provide the psychological beginnings of the Batman character -- and this is not a small challenge.Christian Bale handles the double focus between boy-next-door and gravel-throated , dangerous hero better than most actors could hope to do . I adored Michael Keaton & did n't think anyone could replace him as Batman , but I 'm happy with the swtich . Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman provide a magnificent supporting cast , and the shots of glittering `` Gotham City '' and the high-tech effects -- for instance the wonderful batmobile -LRB- as one homeless person announces mid-film `` NICE RIDE '' -RRB- -- make this movie a delight to watch . Michael Caine 's humanity especially gives the film depth . Caine 's -LRB- `` Alfred 's '' -RRB- affection for Bruce Wayne is indeed contagious.The diversion to the Far East is a bit strange -LRB- and I 'm not sure entirely necessary , especially since it does strangely contaminate Bruce -RRB- . Why does every warrior need to learn his stuff on the top of a high mountain in Tibet -LRB- or the equivalent -RRB- ? The first half of the film therefore drags a bit . But in the end the payoff is worth every minute.I also like the way that the romantic interest is handled here . Not as frustrating as in the Spiderman movies . At least we get a KISS , and some sense that the girl knows the score !! This film shows that even a superhero deserves his Sigmund Freud . Excellent job ; worth buying -LRB- or at the least renting -RRB- .
 It 's almost like that line was specially written for Schumacker . Not that the Burton 's movies were good , but at least they all seem to be not so bad compared to Forever and B&R. ; The last Schummacker 's movie did n't burie the franchise because that was already buried since the first movie by Burton . Nice that this new one buries completely that old stinker franchise and starts all over again.Batman Begins is not only the most notable Batman movie ever made . It shows truly respect to the original material that is being adapted . Everything on this movie shines , since the awesome acting by Bale and Caine to the excellent Cillian Murphy 's Scarecrow and the memorable Lian 's Ducard . Katie Holmes seems to be the only mediocre thing in the movie , but it 's not so bad at all , at least she does n't disturb the perfect order of things on the movie . And Gary Oldman like Gordon was simply TERRIFIC !! The new car is awesome . A crossing between a normal vehicle and a tank , witch was inspired on the vehicles Batman uses on The Dark Knight Return comic book masterpiece . Like Gordon said
 i saw this movie in the summer i thought was pretty good after seen batman forever and batman and robin this movie was better than the two films before it one thing this movie got right the joker didn , t kill batman pranets i think micheal keaton played a better batman his verison of batman is more ture to the comic . mrs Bale did good job but the movie has flaws . my review 7/10
 One of the best comic-book films ever made . Nolan is a film god and I am his apostle
 Man this is one of my favorite movies . I ca n't believe that they are putting it out on PSP . I know I will be getting my copy when it comes out . This is a great movie . It 's dark and has great action . You get the story of how bruce wayne became the dark night . Christian Bale plays a batman and is one of the best when playing the role . For batman fans you do n't want to miss out on this .
 I give this film a 4 star rating it is good but not great.Movie gets off to a very slow start with the backstory of Batman . Takes alot of time to get into it . When they finally show Wayne becoming Batman and starting to battle is when this movie gets good.If you are a batman fan you will love this movie becuase we finally get to see the backstory of batman . Movie is slow going at first as I said but defintely worth a purchase if you are a batman fan or anyone who wants to see how batman came to be .
 Yeah , this movie is almost perfect , it 's the best Batman movie to date , a must see for anybody . All the good stuffs been gone over already , so I 'll just point out the two things that I think could have been better .1 . The action , most it was to hard to follow , I know why they did this , but I did n't like it .2 . More attention should have been paid to the Scarecrow , I did n't feel like I got to know him well enough during the movie , he did n't seem like a character.Other then those two things this movie is amazing , I do miss Keaton -LRB- nobody can replace him as Batman IMO -RRB- and I do miss Burtons image of Gotham city , but overall you ca n't beat this movie , and it seems to be a great price here on Amazon , at stores the 2-disc set is going for $ 30 !!! This is a must have movie ... get it .
 Hey guys look see and feel the way this movie should be . It is and always will be the best Batman movie ever by Warner Brothers has ever done ! I ca n't wait for this to come out on DVD ! It is the best movie ever about batman yet . I am hoping that there will be a sequel to this smash hit summer movie . Christian bale , Liam Neeson and other great actors are in this well played out motion picture .
 I just went to see this movie and I did n't think I was going to like because I usually hate superhero movies like that but this one was the best one Catwoman . It had action packed in it and held my intrest really good because I like movie with a lot of action and disturbing images like that . My friend loves movies like this and he took me to see Star Wars Episode 3 : Revenge of the Sith -LRB- type in star wars episode 3 under movie showtimes for my review if you are a star wars fan you might not want to see it -RRB- and anyway I did not like it and never will see another Star Wars movie again I have saw 2 too many . Anyway back to Batman Begins if you are a Batman Fan -LRB- which I am now -RRB- you are missing out very badly you might think Batman stinks now because of the awful Batman and Robin but Batman made a huge come back very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very huge comeback so you have got to see it now . I would reccomend for ages 10 to adults because some of the stuff in there might SCARE liitle children younger but it is an awesome movie for the Batman fans and I ca n't believe one critic hated it because I loved and if you a Batman fan you will love it too so try to go see Batman Begins . It is an awesome awesome awesome awesome movie trust me it is Unbelievable , spectacular and awesome awesome awesome awesome .
 I thought BATMAN BEGINS was a really good movie . It explained why Bruce Wayne became Batman . The stories of how Wayne 's parents were killed from BATMAN and BATMAN FOREVER did n't really match up , though BATMAN -LRB- with Keaton -RRB- story was close.I thought Christian Bale did an outstanding job as Bruce Wayne and Batman . I would have to say that Michael Keaton and Christian Bale were the two best guys to play Batman . Val Kimler was alright . I thought he played one of the best Doc Holiday in TOMBSTONE . George Clooney was n't that great of a Batman . sorry George!The end of the movie was interesting . It kind of leads into the other Batman movie with Michael Keaton . In the movie , BATMAN BEGINS , it shows the murderer of Wayne 's parents getting killed . It 's possible that there were two men responsible for killing Bruce Wayne 's parents . BATMAN BEGINS showed one of the killers and BATMAN -LRB- with Keaton -RRB- showed the other killer who turns out to be the Joker . You can make your own guesses on that .
 Excelente pelicula , muy buen precio , me faltaba esta para completar la trilogia de batman , creo que vale la pena por el precio pagado .
 So , I 'm a huge superhero fan , and Batman is right up my alley . His story is a little bit darker than most , but Christian Bale makes an excellent performance of the Bruce Wayne/Batman character . I had not really heard of the villan in this story before I had seen the movie however . But the story is excellent . Would definitely recommend this dvd .
 Nolan took this hero franchise and grounded it with real world rules . His interpretation of Batman avoids comic book trappings in favor of a kinetic pace that drives a story of revenge and justice . A little Count of Monte Cristo mixed with some Scarlet Pimpernel , Batman Begins chronicles the story of Bruce Wayne , a billionaire heir who forgoes the corporate life in favor of the nightly pursuit of justice.Although some flaws exist in the film , this is the entry point to one of the best super hero movie franchises in film history.Nolan was an exemplary choice to direct these films .
 i 'm do n't know what else tell about this movie , is EPIC and i love to wach it ! i bought the entire trhilogy !
 This is a great addition to any DVD collection . I would highly recommend this DVD for anyone who likes this movie series .
 This movie made me a Christian Bale fan . He is a fantastic actor and will someday be recognized as great . The special effects are super and the story shows how a person of wealth can be socially valuable . That is a nice twist or departure from demonizing those who were born into wealth .
 Batman was never my fave , but this film made me a believer . Incredible performances all around and a fantastic trilogy .
 I enjoyed this movie because it helped set the scene for The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises , but I realized that it was n't entirely necessary for me to enjoy the other two movies . I like the way this trilogy of stories is told , so I was probably always destined to like this movie .
 This video is elusive , having seen it on its premiere and several rentals-it is noteworthy imvho for its replayability and the difficulty in finding the dvd at a reasonable price.Take a peek at the other 2 parts of the trilogy for real sticker shock , lol . Christian Bale adds his dark terminator style and spiritual noteworthiness.The symbolic good vs evil emulation , kung fu on a mountaintop , fantastic toys and the 1 % vigilante justice lifestyle . Truly , how can you go wrong ? Fear the Bat !
 A great movie , the best of the Batman series . Wonderful to watch and a great addition to ones library . Recommended .
 This is the best batman movie ever , its how it should be . I thought this one was a classic , added to the first 2 films . -LRB- Chirstian Bale -RRB- did great ! -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- did a great Alfred as well as the last one . -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- did a nice job as Bruce Waynes close friend and love interest . There was something about her that reminded me of -LRB- Kim Basinger -RRB- from the first movie . The villains were awsome , -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- he did a termentious job as Scarrcrow , he was my favorite . He played the guy like a normal person but with a twisted way that you knew he was crazy . Thats how the bad guys should be , not cheesey like in the last batman movie , with -LRB- George Cloony -RRB- and -LRB- Arnold Schwarzenegger -RRB- as Mr. Freeze give me a break . Batgirl played by -LRB- Alica Sliverstone -RRB- was one hot chick , but her acting was terrible and she was way too stiff when fighting , and she did not have much of a big part in that last film . Posion Ivy was great , she was the only one who did a great job , while everyone else went down with the Titanic because of the ice burg -LRB- Schwarzenegger -RRB- built with his stupid gient freezing gun made from a teleiscope and with dimonds he stole from an over sized jewler . -LRB- Uma Thurman -RRB- known as the plant lady . She was the only survivor left , that did not hit Arnold 's Ice burg . The last movie was a horror , I do n't know why -LRB- Tim Burton -RRB- did not direct the last 2 films ? I do n't get it why -LRB- Joel Schumacher -RRB- , had to finish the last 2 batman movies ??? Thank God -LRB- Jim carrey -RRB- as the Riddler was there to rescuse the 3rd movie . If it was not for him , it could have been much worse . -LRB- Tommy Lee Jones -RRB- as Two-Face did not do that bad , I give him some created for taking on a crazy role . For the last movie , I could see -LRB- Jack Nicholson -RRB- lauhing his ass off , so hard cuz that last one was a real big time joke . -LRB- Micheal Keaton -RRB- would have said , what the hell are they doing , if I would have stayed with the contract things probibly would have been better . The other villians in Batman Returns -LRB- Danny DeVito -RRB- as the Penguin and -LRB- Michelle Pfeiffer -RRB- as Catwoman oh ya baby ! Were a bad ass kicking team . I liked the new car , in Batman Begins but I wish they could have made it alittle fancier , like in the first movie , but do n't worry , this one is going to maybe lead to a sequal ??? I hope . I know they are going to do the whole series over , which is good , they better stay with the same tone and Gothic style as the original movie . I did also here they are going to do the all the villians over from scratch . I wish the other cast member would return to do over there parts , everyone except -LRB- Arnold Schwarzeneger -RRB- . -LRB- Chris O'Donnell -RRB- did a great Robin , for his first apearance in Batman Forever , but for his second time around in the last one , oh boy , did they turn him into a real spoiled brat and like a smart ass know it all . Let me say one thing , he was obesseded over poison Ivy like she was a real hot stuff and thought he was really in love with her but mostly likely wanted to kill him duh . As like most high schoolers today . Little did he listen to batman as a best freind or a big brother to seek help like most teenagers today in some relationships over girl/boy stuff and stupid things not like oh I know about trust someone . I know the true meaning of love and all that lecturing crap . How to become the bad boy on campus . They made that movie so bad , it does not go well with the last 3 movies . Batman Begins is 100 times better , most of all it true to the Comic book story the way they should have made it a long time ago . The comic book verison is darker and more fast pace and enjoyable and go to show you his true Origins , how he came to to be who is he as a famous icon of all time . This movie is not some screen play or writen up story . I gave this one 5 stars because its how batman has Returned , not only that but how he will remain a LEGEND Forever !!! Go see this , trust me , its a whole new Gotham , with a new all star cast with a new set of wings !!!! Then you will be walking out of the theartre saying HOLLY RUSTED MEDAL BATMAN !!! OR WAIT TILL THEY GET ALOAD OF HIM ...
 I know you recent movie goers have just come out of the theatre recently . I did too . We 're charged up but do n't get out of control . Get a Bat-grip on yourself . The BEST Batman movie was the 1989 Tim Burton original . Batman Returns comes next and Batman Begins is somewhere around there . The Schumacher ones , while not being superb , still have their moments.The Batsuit did make Bale look sometimes like FATman . The Batarangs were rusty looking and not cool enough . I like the action sequences and how the story circled on fear . The early training stuff seemed to go a little too fast.All in all , Batman Begins is a good movie . I just think people need to think twice before they label Bale better than Keaton . HEEEELLL NOO !!! : O
 I have seen all the Batman movies and they just keep getting better and better . Wish that the producers could have thought ahead and had them in order . Do n't you think it would have been nice to see `` Batman Begins '' in the first place rather than last ? Holy smokes do n't they know from start to finish ? Acting was good and story line likewise . Only one question . Where do we go from here ?
 Christian Bales has an upper body fit for Batman . He also has an emotionless gaze that is fit for the bat hero , except when he kisses his love
 I have seen my fair share of superhero movies , and I find most of them to be garbage , you know , bad acting , no plot what so ever , action every 10 minutes , and stupid comedy sequences that just ruin the film , so I had my doubts about the modern Batman trilogy , I am very delighted to say that this superhero movie , does not fall into any of what I mentioned above.First off , the acting is just superb , starting of course with Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman , who really delivers a strong performance , I have come to be a big fan of Christian Bale , and it all started with this movie , I find that there is not many good actors out there today , but set aside a few , -LRB- Leonardo Dicaprio , Matt Damon , Johnny Depp -RRB- and Christian Bale , Michael Caine does a fine job at playing the butler Alfred , his accent , and facial expressions really fit the part which is looking out for Bruce Wayne 's future , because he pretty much takes the father role after Bruce 's parents are killed , poor kid , Rutger Hauer plays the head of Wayne Enterprises after he is killed , and I 've always liked Rutger Hauer , he 's not in it that much , but you know he 's there , and Liam Neeson is one of my favorite actors from the old school , and I was so delighted to see that he had a part in this movie , and a very big one at that , he play Ducat , and teaches Bruce how to fight , and he plays an important part to the story , you will see what I mean , Gary Oldman plays Jim Gordon , and does a fantastic job , he usually plays bad guys in movies , but this time , he 's a good guy , and finally the great Morgan Freeman as Lucious Fox , the man who introduces Bruce to all the high tech gadgets , and explains them , he is perfect for the role.And like I said , the story is compelling and keeps you interested as it really is a story about revenge , and humanity , and any normal person can relate to what Bruce is going through in his life , as we have all lost loved ones , it just makes it that much more interesting.And the sets and special effects are just superb , not a lot of CGI was used in these movies either , which just adds to the talent and work that was put into these films , those sets of Gotham City were actually BUILT if you watch the documentaries , and the action sequences are very well done , as real as you can get for a fictional superhero movie.And if you watch this movie on blu-ray , the work that Warner Brothers put into this disc is just the best , the picture is just stunning , just wait until you see the shots of Gotham City , and the scenes where Ducat is training Bruce on the ice in the mountains , the colors just jump right out and the image is so sharp , it 's like you 're really there , and the audio is loud and crisp , you can hear EVERYTHING , especially if you put it on the True HD audio channel , and have a stereo hooked up to your tv , it will basically feel like you 're watching this in a theatre.So final word , this is one of the few superhero trilogys that are very well done , my hats off to Christopher Nolan for not going into the cliche of most modern movies and overloading them with CGI and stupid comedy that ruins the movies and adds nothing to them , my rating is 5/5 , also if you like this movie , watch The Dark Knight in blu-ray , I do n't know which movie I liked better honestly , just watch them both , and when The Dark Knight Rises comes out on home video , I will be the first to be at my local store , I ca n't wait !
 Until i recently ordered this movie i hadnt watched it in years it truly was remarkably done im so glad i finally realized i no longer owned this movie so i could get it again . This time i got the comic that went along with it and o my GOSH i ABSOLUTELY love that it has a comic with it wish comic could be packaged with other movies .
 What a great start to a hopeful new trilogy . It was a little long , but easily the smartest of all the batman films today . I very much look forward to the next one .
 there are no features but a great movie . not the best batman movie i have ever seen people never consider the effects that they had in earlier movies even if the movie they are comparing top is 30 years newer . good movie though .
 Batman Begins is the start of the best set of Batman movies ever . Great action , good villain choice , great origin story for Batman . - Trent Foreman , Author of Nightmare
 I bought the one-disc version of Batman Begins before . I wanted to know everything about Batman Begins & this is why I wanted the two-disc version of the movie . I saw all of behind the scenes & the graphic novel version of Batman . For all of the Batman fans out there , I recommend you to buy the 2-disc version of Batman Begins !
 Batman Begins was a really good film.It gave us a good look on how Bruce Wayne became Batman.Nolan brought back the darker Batman that we all loved from the comics , along with a few new villains which we 've never seen in a Batman film , before this one.I was really happy how Christian Bale played Bruce Wayne/Batman . He brought back that seriousness to the role that Michael Keaton had.I thought Ra 's al Ghul was a great villain.It was kind of a letdown though , because we did not see much of him in the middle of the movie.Just at the beginning and more at the end.I was not very happy with Johnathan Crane/Scarecrow . I didi n't think that a guy putting a potato sack over his head and gassing people was very scary at all.Overall though.This is still a great film and I highly recommend it , if you 've never seen it .
 Tim Burton brought Batman to the cinema in 1989 and followed up with Batman Returns in 1992 . Both films were very good , the latter in particular , portraying Gotham as a dark , gothic city with Batman facing memorable villains in the Joker , Penguin and Catwoman . Batman Forever -LRB- 1995 -RRB- saw standards dip somewhat and with Batman and Robin -LRB- 1997 -RRB- they plunged into the pit of decadence and the series rightly dissipated . Christopher Nolan looked to resurrect Batman with the release of Batman Begins but rather than a sequel to the four previous films this would be a complete overhaul but was it worth the effort?As the title suggests this film is about how Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- became Batman in the first place . It begins when Bruce is a boy and after falling into a cave he encounters bats which become a lifelong fear . The next thing we know Bruce is a prisoner in Bhutan but is liberated by Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- who is part of the League of Shadows that work for Ra 's al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- . Bruce begins training in the art of sword fighting , martial arts and learning to face his fears and past , one that includes the murder of his parents . Once trained Bruce faces an initiation whereby he must execute a criminal before leading the League of Shadows to destroy Gotham City . Bruce refuses and instead burns down the mountain headquarters of the League of Shadows before killing Ra 's al Ghul but rescuing an unconscious Ducard from the inferno . Bruce returns to Gotham City where crime boss Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- has no one to oppose him . Over time Bruce 's desire to fight crime leads him down the road that will see him become Batman.Batman Begins opens quickly and jumps around a lot in the opening stages . We immediately see Bruce in prison with flashbacks of his first contact with bats and the murder of his parents all being shared in the early part . From these origins we also learn Bruce sought to kill Joe Chill -LRB- Richard Brake -RRB- , the man that murdered his parents but assassins of Falcone rob him of his opportunity . Bruce loses the affection of his childhood friend Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- and also leaves behind his guardian Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- to travel the world and find a new path in life . The training with the League of Shadows follows a standard storyline with Bruce inexperienced and though he learns combat he has to conquer his fears and come to terms with his turbulent past . It 's a fascinating take on the origins of Batman where previously we had the successful businessman that fought crime as Batman . Bruce has inherited his father 's business in this version where he has to contend with the calculating William Earle -LRB- Rutger Hauer -RRB- who becomes head of the company when Bruce has been declared dead after a long absence . Bruce is n't interested all that much in the company save for the science division where Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- works and has access to some interesting equipment , pieces of which make up the Batsuit as well as the Batmobile.The good thing about Batman Begins is that we get to see the learning curve of Bruce in becoming Batman . He is fighting crime on the streets before wearing the suit and from these experiences he makes the necessary improvements to assist his movements throughout the city , particularly across the rooftops . Nolan has a lot of background material to get into shape here including Sergeant Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- who is one of the few honest cops in Gotham City and of course will later become Commissioner Gordon that works closely with Batman and is always quick to use the Bat Signal to summon the superhero for help , again the signal is another element which is born during the film . A brave step from Nolan is his use of villains . The best known comic book baddies we look forward to seeing are not featured here . Crime boss Falcone is a mainstay while the slick-haired Dr Jonathan Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- is the closest we get to a Joker with his alter ego being the Scarecrow , a mask he wears to protect himself when gassing people with hallucinogenic chemicals that instil madness and fear.Batman Begins spends some time setting the scene but it never becomes a dull experience as Nolan expertly introduces the characters , many we 're familiar with already . Gotham City is dark but the colourful exterior during the day somewhat taints that gothic image that Burton used to such great effect in Batman and Batman Returns . A stellar cast is on show here with Katie Holmes being one of the few weak links . Michael Caine makes for a commendable and highly amusing Alfred , while Oldman , Freeman , Hauer , Wilkinson and Murphy all provide great support . Christian Bale is a good but by no means outstanding Batman . As Bruce Wayne he 's fine but once in the Batsuit his voice becomes very gruff as if he has a bucketful of grit lodged at the back of his throat . It amused me to hear his voice rather than think that sounds good . Though not as good as Batman Returns , this is still a great effort and enough evidence that Nolan has plucked the ailing Batman series from the depths of obsolescence and given it new life.Batman Begins is an entertaining and insightful backdrop to the Batman story , focussing more on the character of Bruce Wayne . His origins and the path he traverses to becoming the caped crusader maintain the interest throughout while a mouth-watering cast of Hollywood talent all contribute to what is a welcome return to form for a series that I feared would never grace the cinemas again .
 This movie was the start of a batman revolution . Nobody realized it until the dark knight came out , but we knew begins was something special . If you read the comic book you know this was as close to batman as its ever gon na get . Hes an invisible ninja that stalkes his prey and picks them off one by one . His attacks are one hit knockouts that lay yo ass out for hours . I like christian bale as batman I just do n't like the way he sounds or the way his head looks in the batsuit . His head is too round and his voice sounds so forced . But on the other hand hes very intense , he takes his character seriously , and understands how to portray both batman and bruce . Matter fact this was the first batman movie where I was just as interested in seeing bruce as seeing batman . I think all the other characters were casted perfectly and they all play there parts very well . I also love the dark , gritty , small city atmosphere in the movie , so as to leave room for a bigger city in the sequel . I love this version of batman and your a fool if you do n't love it or appreciate it .
 After the Batman franchise started to become as fermented and corrupt as Gotham itself , devolving into silliness and big men in small tights -LRB- think Arnold Schwarzenneger 's Mr. Freeze -RRB- , and with comic book movies in general becoming ever more formulaic and predictable in the quest of the almighty mass market buck , it was refreshing to see Hollywood and Warner Bros. wipe away the old franchise and start anew , handing it to an auteur director , Christopher Nolan ; an intense mid-level star known more for his serious work -LRB- the excellent Christian Bale -RRB- than for his comedy -LRB- Keaton -RRB- or his looks -LRB- Clooney , Kilmer -RRB- ; and to give them a budget , script and the acting muscle -LRB- Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Tom Wilkinson -RRB- to pull it off.This is a quieter , more thoughtful , darker Batman , but not a kindler , gentler one . By seeing more of the back story , there are layers in complexity to the brooding and the cartoon becomes less , well , cartoonish and feels far more real . I want to particularly laud the script , which involves an intricate and deep plot that weaves delightful circles and surprises that I wo n't give away here . Unlike in ` Spiderman ' -- which at the time was probably the best of the genre despite its formula-driven story -- this is thankfully no ` coming of age ' tale of another awkward teenboy , this is about the chiseling of a young man full of anger and guilt into a benevolent creature of the night . Which is far more believable and definitely more satisfying . *** Other notes . Sadly , despite all of the praise I heap upon the movie , I still did n't get as lost in it as I would have when I was younger . This is not the movie 's fault . I mourn for my lost youth , that magical time when you could instantly believe everything that you saw on the screen and not get caught up in analyzing how the movie makers made it happen . I guess that 's a sign I 'm leaving the 18-34 demographic and entering the 35-49 ? And I also wanted to say a kind word about Katie Holmes . She may be a nutcase for marrying Tom Cruise , but I thought she came off well here , and provided a necessary feminine heart and counterpoint to the darkness of the movie -LRB- not that there 's much romance to speak of -RRB- . She comes across as sweet , sharp and brave -- exactly the kind of woman that Batman would want to protect.Enjoy !
 `` Batman Begins '' is a splendid renewal of the `` Batman '' film franchise , offering us not only the quintessential `` Batman '' in young Welsh actor Christian Bale , but also finally showing how young Bruce Wayne became `` Batman '' . While most Batman fans may know that his wealthy parents were murdered during a robbery - which is depicted in flashback - there is n't much that is known about Bruce Wayne 's life from his childhood through his young adulthood . Here `` Batman Begins '' successfully fills in the gaps , showing us an emotionally tortured , tormented young Bruce Wayne who seeks to escape his demons through studying the criminal mind in Asia and by becoming one himself . Rescued from a desolate , primitive Asian prison by the mysterious Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- - who will become his mentor - Wayne learns not only martial arts but other wisdom from his mentor , a member of the `` League of Shadows '' . He devotes years training in the remote Central Asian monastery that is the League 's headquarters , under the watchful eyes of not only Ducard , but also the sinister Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- , the leader of the `` League of Shadows '' . Given the chance to join the League as a leader of ninja warriors , Wayne chooses instead to return home to Gotham , and reclaim his family fortune , relying on the wisdom and assistance of faithful family servant Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- . At Wayne Industries he finds a useful weapons expert in Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who soon supplies young Wayne with the tools he 'll need to become Batman . But he also has to contend with a devious chief executive , Earle -LRB- Rutger Hauer -RRB- , who has his own plans for Wayne Industries . Bruce Wayne has returned just in time to stop Dr. Jonathan Crane aka The Scarecrow -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- from unleashing upon Gotham a psychologically-induced epidemic of fear , relying upon an honest police sargeant , Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- , and young district attorney - and old childhood friend - Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- . Soon he 'll find out that The Scarecrow is merely a pawn of an old friend from his past.Christopher Nolan 's `` Batman Begins '' is far darker in tone than Tim Burton 's original `` Batman '' film , remaining much more truer in spirit to the `` Dark Knight '' graphic novels from the 1980s . And unlike either of Burton 's films , the emotional core of this film is the character of Bruce Wayne/Batman himself . Christian Bale 's portrayal of Batman is as an avenging angel seeking justice , with his Bruce Wayne a sly , more thoughtful playboy billionaire than Michael Keaton 's version . Gary Oldman 's Jim Gordon is a role truly far removed from his more typical work , offering us the decent , honest cop who will eventually become Gotham 's police commissioner . Needless to say , Liam Neeson , Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , Rutger Hauer and Cillian Murphy are absolutely superb in their roles . `` Batman Begins '' may be the best screen adaptation of a classic comic I have seen lately . I look forward to yet another collaboration from Nolan and Bale in the Batman series .
 There is something which I think most of these reviews do not understand . This isnt the 5th film in the Batman Franchise , this is the 1st film in a whole new franchise . This will redo everything which Burton and Shumacher failed on . The next film in the series will be about the Joker , this will have nothing to do with the Nicholson Joker or even the Burton version , this is getting back to how the films should have been made , more realistic and about Batman not supervillains played by actors who are just playing themselves . Nicholson wasnt playing the Joker he was playing Jack Nicholson , same with Jim Carrey and Arnie.Well to the film itself , it was fantastic . Bale and Nolan have made Batman believable and have made it the best Batfilm yet . Everything is explained well , everyone is well cast and have steered clear from using massive actors and actresses to make the film good . Bale is THE Batman and gives a superb performance , Caine is well cast as Alfred and gives him that toughness which shows how he can be butler to both Bruce Wayne and Batman . Cillian Murphy was perfect as the lunitic Scarecrow , creepy before he had donned the makshift mask . Neeson is also excellent as is Gary Oldman as Sgt Gordon.The back story is great and it shows how Bruce Wayne could become Batman and shows him searching for his path and purpose in life , ironically shown to him by the villains he will try to defeat . Batman 's story is well developed without being boring or tedious , the acting is never hammy , and the one liners are handed out sparingly . The makeshift Batmobile is absolutely fantastic and the burning down of the manor shows how Batman can build the Batcave to the standards of the original Batman . There are a few minor problems such as the fast paced action which can be a bit too fast due to the poor editing , and at the end , it seems as if Gordon is being used for comic relief , but the pros outweigh the cons by far.This film was immensely entertaining and I am definately looking forward to the new sequels which will not make the mistakes which the original franchise did . Bring on the Joker .
 As a kid , I was hooked on the original Batman television series with Adam West . I could n't wait to come home from school to see who the Dynamic Duo would be up against that day . Have enjoyed the `` Dark Knight '' cartoons and all the movies -- particularly the third in the series `` Batman Forever '' with Val Kilmer as Bruce/Batman . Needless to say , I saw `` Batman Begins '' on the first night . I 've been back once -- driving 2 hours to reach the San Antonio IMAX to see `` Batman Begins '' on the big screen . `` Batman Begins '' is a prequel to all the other motion pictures , filling in Bruce Wayne 's backstory from what we 've only before seen as nightmares and flashbacks . Here we see Bruce 's parents die and know the youth 's full pain . We also see Bruce retiring from the priviledged world to understand crime so he can fight it better . He 's selected by a mysterious man Ras Al Ghul , who tells him he 's being recruited to bring justice to the world . Aftet grueling training , Wayne realizes that Al Ghul and Company are planning to destroy his home , Gotham City . Bruce returns to his hometown and becomes Batman to help rein in on the crime spree that threatens to turn the town into a modern-day Babylon.Christian Bale is my favorite actor portraying Batman . His very down-to-earth humor fits what I think of Bruce Wayne . Michael Caine also blew me away as Alfred Pennyworth . At last , an actor truly worthy of the role . What I really like is very little of the movie is ` dated . ' The Prince soundtrack from `` Batman '' definitely takes you back to the 1980 's and just does n't hold up to today . I think `` Batman Begins '' is a very nice beginning indeed . I hope they will continue and redo the old Batman stories .
 This is a truly all new Batman that I have never seen before . I am a big fan of the other four films , but this one truly stands out as a new chain of Batman films . I can see filmmakers making sequels to this movie and starting a 2nd series of Batman films.What really got me in this movie was the Bruce Wayne is how he transformed into the Dark Knight . I 've always been interested in how he came about his `` powers '' and this really changed my perspective on Batman , even though it 's not related to the other films.Nobody can play Alfred the Butler like Michael Caine . He has the perfect look and an even more perfect voice . I was surprised at the A-list cast of stars this film has . Sure , the other four films have several huge stars , but this one 's has truly great actors and not just famouse ones . I would 've liked to see a little more of Morgan Freeman since he is great in everything he does . I was especially surprised w/Murphy 's portrayl as the Scarecrow . Although , I would 've liked to see more of him , he really gave a chilling and eerie performance.Christian Bale is probably my favorite portrayl of Bruce Wayne . He really gives it the dark edge and , when he 's Batman , you can really hear the tone of fury in his voice.The action scenes were quite incredible . It could n't of gotten any better with the scene where Batman is jumping rooftops in the , very cool-looking , new Batmobile . Great intensity!The one thing I am really not looking forward to in the future is what happened at the very end of this film . -- DO N'T READ IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO KNOW THE CLIFFHANGER -- I 'm not thrilled about the Joker being the next villian . Jack Nicholasen truly captivated me with his portrayl of him and I ca n't watch anyone try to match it .
 Dark , mysterious and visceral , maverick director Christopher Nolan has single handedly reinvented the Batman franchise , and almost certainly set a new standard for the superhero cinematic genre . Batman Begins is an astonishingly beautiful film , full of richly nuanced and powerful performances , and marvelously orchestrated special effects sequences that never overwhelm the gritty integrity of the story.This is an enigmatically introspective and meditative film , a dark exploration of grief , loss , and anger , as the wealthy Bruce Wayne -LRB- an engrossing Christian Bale -RRB- faces the demons of his past and comes to accept the senseless murder of his parents . He 's a divided hero , a man torn by guilt and fear , who seeks a way to turn these negative emotions into a positive force for fighting evil.The film begins by showing us , plausibly and pragmatically , how Bruce Wayne becomes Batman - the dark , shadowy retaliator of the night . It 's a journey that is fraught with conflict and pain
 Bruce Wayne -LRB- Bale -RRB- is a man troubled by the deaths of his parents at the hands of a local thug . He blames himself , and has been travelling the world , picking fights . The movie opens with Bruce being rescued from prison by Henri Ducard -LRB- Neeson -RRB- . Ducard aims to train Bruce in the art of fighting and have him join the League of Shadows , an organization presided over by the mysterious Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Watanabe -RRB- . They are dedicated to restoring balance to a world overrun by criminals.Bruce trains incredibly hard , but declines the offer to join the League . He returns to Gothan City with the desire to ride the city of crime . With the help of his faithful butler Alfred -LRB- Caine -RRB- and inventor Lucius Fox -LRB- Freeman -RRB- , Bruce develops an alter-ego that will help him install fear into the criminals of the city . The two biggest are crime lord Carmine Falcone -LRB- Wilkinson -RRB- and The Scarecrow -LRB- Murphy -RRB- , a twisted psychiatrist who works for a mysterious employer.The establishment of Batman is fully fleshed out , in this excellent film from director Christopher Nolan . Almost no stone goes unturned as we learn how and why Batman does what he does . Nolan has yet to make even an average movie , and was a great choice to re-boot the franchise . And re-boot it he does . The previous four films are ignored and a fresh look at the superhero is given.Bale is perhaps the best Batman , pulling off both Bruce and Batman convincingly . His anger , pain , and determination are very real . Neeson is excellent in the role of teacher , perhaps channelling his inner Qui-Gon . Caine brings dignity and compassion to Alfred the butler . Murphy is absolutely perfect as the crazed Scarecrow -LRB- a villian I knew nothing about -RRB- . The film is dark , gritty , and violent ; just as it should be . There are even some scary moments . And of course , the ending sets up another film . Nolan has said that he envisions a trilogy , and I for one hope that he stays with the franchise for a while . `` Batman Begins '' is one of the best superhero movies ever made . It is also one of the best movies I have seen in a while . I highly recommend this film . See it at once !
 At first I was not very appreciative of the trailers . I was uncertain that this movie was any good . I heard from others that it was , so I saw it once and became hooked . I have seen this film three times already . Twice at a theatre down the road , and once at the Boeing Imax theatre in Seattle . I have to say that I believe this film is far superior to the previous films including the Tim Burton films.With the introduction of CGI vs. the scale models for Burton Batman , the bar is raised considerably higher . The production design was breathtaking . I loved how Gotham is a huge metropolis -LRB- kind of a mix between New York and Chicago . Daylight does exsist in Gotham and it is not always raining.The sound design was suberb yet a little loud . I loved the music . Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard did a fantastic job potraying the emotion of the film . Take for example , Batman encounters the Scarecrow in one scene and one would think he has the upper hand . And when Batman fails , you really do feel for him and the man under the mask.I enjoyed the fact that the filmmakers decided to make everything in Batman 's arsenal plausibe , and everything serves a purpose . Some of the characters/actors that never signed on board for another film have been given an excellent way out . I suspect we will definetely see Michael Caine and Gary Oldman again.The actors all hit their marks right on the money . I do n't know what the big deal with Katie Holmes is , but eh , whatever floats your boat . I look forward to buying the DVD on the one of the best websites around.Of course it is Amazon .
 It 's about time that we get the `` dark knight '' that we have been waiting for him to return . I just saw this movie this last weekend , and it left me feeling the same as the first Batman movie that I saw with Michael Keaton . It was dark , and you could feel how the city was going down hill . I was really surprised after the attempts to make these movies with the comic feel that they went back to the dark script and sets.Christian Bale was a great Batman ; he was dark , upset about his parents . It was a great balance . I also really enjoyed the relationships that you were able to understand more
 Wow ! How do you spell ` Wow '' backwards ? Sorry , that is an inside joke , a reference to my review of Christopher Nolan 's `` Memento '' , but an equally fitting reference to my feelings about Christopher Nolan 's re-imagining of `` Batman Begins '' . Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- waits for Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- in a jail cell , somewhere in Asia . He tells Wayne about a mysterious group of men he works with , who train to rid the world of evil . Arranging for his release , Ducard tells him how to find their camp . There , Wayne meets Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe , `` The Last Emperor '' -RRB- , the leader of the League of Shadows , a group of highly trained men determined to make the world a safe place . Upon completion of his training , Wayne travels back to Gotham and finds the city in a state of decay . His former girlfriend , Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- is a District Attorney working to clean up the increasingly corrupt political system . She realizes that a psychiatrist , Dr. Jonathan Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy , `` 28 Days Later '' -RRB- , is transferring all of a local crime lord 's -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- henchmen into his custody at Arkum Asylum . Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- welcomes Wayne back to his ancestral home , Wayne Manor . As Bruce announces his plans , Alfred becomes a confidant and assistant . Meeting Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , an inventor employed by Wayne Industries , Wayne begins to assemble the arsenal necessary for his transformation to Batman . As he begins to fight the evil in Gotham , he meets Sergeant Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- , perhaps the last honest cop in Gotham.I am a big fan of the Tim Burton `` Batman '' films , especially the first one . But Christopher Nolan -LRB- `` Memento '' , `` Insomnia '' -RRB- has created a whole new vision of the character . I never really read a lot of superhero comic books as a kid . To me , the whole fun of watching the film versions is to witness the mythology of these characters . Some of the characters , like Batman , Superman and Spider Man , have been in our culture for so long they have reached the level of myth . Who does n't know at least a little of the story of Superman 's creation ? Or Batman 's ? In `` Batman Begins '' , Nolan creates a detailed , interesting , exciting film about the origins of Bruce Wayne and his superhero alter ego.Fitting a lot of information into the film , Nolan moves things along at a breakneck pace . A lot is going on , but it is easy to follow as well because the director uses words , actions , visual references and more to inform us . Is n't this what all directors should do ? But how many are successful ? This is a tribute solely to the writer and director . As we watch Wayne go through his training , Nolan inserts flashbacks to Wayne 's childhood , giving us a glimpse of the fears that have so far shaped his life . The training includes a terrific sequence in which Wayne has to find a particular man , standing amongst identically dressed warriors , as the men move in unison , before fighting him . Upon his return to Wayne Manor , the other characters enter the picture and we learn about them . This is one of the best things about the film ; there is so much going on . Just because the film is about a comic book superhero , Nolan did n't feel it necessary to dumb down the plot or the characters or make it simplistic . This is a film for young -LRB- well , not too young -RRB- and old alike.There is also a significant amount of humor peppered throughout the film . Wayne 's relationships with Alfred -LRB- Caine -RRB- and Lucius -LRB- Freeman -RRB- create a lot of the humor , and warmth for that matter , in his life . In one scene , Alfred explains that Wayne needs to keep up appearances as a billionaire playboy , if he wants to divert attention from his alter ego . Therefore , he arrives at a party , in a flashy car , with two models sitting in the passenger seat . Alfred becomes less a butler and more a confidant to Wayne , more so than in any other incarnation of the story . And this works brilliantly , providing him with a sense of history , reason and grounding.The look of the film is also fantastic . Using real sets , for the most part , the action has a sense of urgency and place . Thankfully , they did n't use CGI to recreate everything , as they did in `` Star Wars Episode III '' . It is my understanding that Chicago provided the backdrop for Gotham , with embellishments created by CGI . When you see it , you will understand why this is so important . Obviously , there is a significant amount of CGI work involved , but using a real backdrop gives the setting a quality that has been lacking in other films lately . All of this work helps to create the world these characters live in , making everything more believable . Because we believe Gotham really exists , the action , the danger and the story all are more believable.Christian Bale is a really good actor . One thing that can be said of all of his performances is that they are interesting . You might not like the character , or the film , but at least they were interesting . As Bruce Wayne , Bale brings a solemn air , an intensity that works . Wayne has some dark moments in his past and his upbringing and Bale is the right choice for this part . He is also able to inject humor and a lighthearted quality , at times , making the character three dimensional and interesting . When we experience a flashback of a traumatic event in his childhood , it is a very moving moment , because it brings us closer to Bale 's portrayal of Wayne.Let 's face it , the supporting cast is fantastic . Any movie that has Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , Tom Wilkinson , Gary Oldman , Ken Watanabe , Rutger Hauer and Liam Neeson is n't going to be bad . And `` Begins '' is great , in large part due to the superb work of these actors , Cillian Murphy and even the future Mrs. Tom Cruise . The key to the success of all is that they are all playing the roles seriously . Yes , some of them have slightly humorous moments , but overall , they believe in these characters , their world , their actions . I know I sound like a broken record , but because they believe , we believe.Michael Caine , in particular , stands out . This , for me , was the most exciting casting choice in the film . The moment I learned that he had been cast to play Alfred , I was very excited . It is such perfect casting . In the role , Caine brings a layer of depth and conviction to the character we have n't seen before . Alfred has invested so much of his life in this family that he deeply cares about their legacy . This is a nice touch to the character and adds a certain amount of gravitas to the role.Cillian Murphy is also great as Dr. Jonathan Crane . Completely believable , he brings a real sense of menace , creating a memorable villain whose plan is very diabolical and multifaceted . Again , Nolan keeps what could be a complicated idea understandable , by revealing various aspects throughout the story . Murphy is also completely convincing as an American psychiatrist , even though he is Irish . There is no trace of his accent . Murphy has created a small handful of very good performances and appears to be poised to continue this streak.The story , as mentioned before , is very detailed . Towards the end , there are a few plot twists which surprised me . And I am almost never surprised by plot twists . They are developed well throughout and add a nice layer , creating additional suspense and intrigue.Nolan also manages to keep the film dark , much like Film Noir , without going too far over the edge . Gotham is drenched in shadow , the streets riddled with crime . The hero and the tone throughout are dark , but broken up by some great action scenes and light hearted humor . As the villain 's plan begins to unfold , the story becomes darker and may be too intense for little children . For kids over a certain age , and adults , this just helps the film become that much more ... you , know , believable.There are some terrific action sequences throughout the film . In a couple , as Batman fights the bad guys , the scenes are presented in a unique , almost impressionistic fashion . A glimpse of Batman rappelling down , a shot of thugs getting their heads knocked together , a brief look at another crook flying into the air with Batman . This is a unique idea . Generally , we see every fist hitting flesh , every cut , every ounce of blood spilling . In `` Begins '' , a lot of the action is suggested to us , leaving our minds to sort out the actual details . This idea works really well.The film also has one of the coolest beginnings I have seen in a long time . Again , rather impressionistic , the opening credits suggest rather than inform.Generally , I ca n't stand the thought of a sequel . Ca n't anyone do anything original in Hollywood ? They always have to rely on a sequel ? `` Batman Begins '' was made because Warner Bros. wanted to reenergize the franchise . And Nolan has done that . At the end of the film , there is a brief coda setting up the inevitable sequel . In this case , Nolan suggests that there is so much more to be done with the story , the characters , the villains , that I welcome a sequel.Bring on the sequels , Mr. Nolan .
 First I 'll say this is a good movie . I liked how the movie gives a deep and often dark psychological view of Batman and his becoming . Christian Bale definitely looks the part and overall was good in his lead role . However once he dons the Batman outfit he tries to talk , look , and act too tough and mean and it oftentimes just comes off as cheesy . Heading into the movie I thought Katie Holmes would be disasterous but she was better than I expected . This does n't mean she was good in the movie but shes ok . Did n't really add anything great but does n't tank the movie either . Michael Caine was a great choice as Alfred , he fit the role perfectly . I liked how this movie also showed the caring , father figure relationship between Alfred and Bruce as compared to other Batman movies where Alfred is just seen as a butler and little else . IMO I would not have chosen Gary Oldman to play the cop . Do n't get me wrong , Oldman is one of my favorite actors but his role is very straightforward which does n't utilize his acting skill and could have been filled by many other lesser actors . I would rather have saved Oldman to play the Joker . Besides , who plays a quirky villain better than Oldman ??
 Only the best action movie I 've EVER seen - right up there with Predator - and significantly raises the bar for the fantasy genre .
 When I saw Batman Forever & Batman & Robin , I wanted to throw myself out the window knowing that Jerry Bruckheimer killed the Batman legacy in the movies -LRB- espicially with Batman being my favorite superhero and idol -RRB- . But when I saw Batman Begins , I was in beyond awe of the such perfection Christopher Nolan has given the 5th movie .1 st of all Christopher Nolan and Christian Bale have definately outdone Tim Burton and Michael Keaton -LRB- which by the way did remarkabely for the first 2 -RRB- .2 nd not only did Bale do a top-knotch performance but got into the Batman psyche better than Keaton , Clooney , and Kilmer .3 rd the action scenes and visual effects were great ; espicially since a lot of it was shrowded in darkness which a lot of people disagreed with but I thought was clever and great for the DARK Knight enviromentally speaking .4 th Michael Caine and Morgon Freeman seemed to be pretty into the rolls they were given making them good in the movie as well , and was a wise desicion on the movie casters part .5 th the plot and storyline went somewhere and served a purpose and didnt just have a bunch of action scenes for nothing.And finally with there being upcoming sequels to Batman Begins and a great visionary director , high talented crew , and a cast more than fit for Batman ... there is only one thing i didnt think I would say after Batman & Robin came out ... BATMAN LIVES !!!
 `` Batman Begins '' brings a breath of fresh air to the tired and weakened `` Batman '' film franchise . Although it lags a little when compared to Tim Burton 's original `` Batman '' flick , it more than makes up for the drivel that followed it . Christopher Nolan directs this Bat with care and a harsh degree of reality . He also manages to make a Bat that is considerably darker , moodier , and more atmospheric than Burton 's . That 's hard to pull off , but Nolan does it . David Goyer handles the script rather well , and manages to make a film that is appeasing to the mind and to the eye.The story introduces us to the events that lead up to Bruce Wayne 's becoming the Dark Knight . It plays out as if the other films never occurred . Wayne 's parents are murdered and he witnesses the crime . The killer gets off after serving a few years , but a series of events leads to the uprising of a crime boss with a stranglehold on Gotham City . This prevents Wayne from exacting vengeance on his parents ' murderer . Angered , Wayne seeks out the criminal mind , learning everything he can about them -LRB- including prison life -RRB- , but it is when he meets up with Ra 's Al Ghul and Ducard where we find out how he masters numerous fighting styles and skills . When Wayne returns to Gotham , the city is in shambles , and he sets out to make things right . What follows is a wonderful story that has a few twists and turns and some wonderful action.The story realizes its characters so well that the viewer forgets that they are watching a film based on comic books . It does n't seem quite as silly to believe that a man can become so enraged with the criminal element that he would dress up like a giant bat and fight for justice . If I had to categorize this film with any other comic flick , I 'd have to say that only `` The Punisher '' with Thomas Jane and John Travolta comes close to the realism expressed in `` Batman Begins . '' However , `` Batman Begins '' is a much better film than `` The Punisher '' could ever be.Christian Bale seems to be a perfect fit as Bruce Wayne/Batman . He looks comfortable as a billionaire playboy and as a masked vigilante . Some folks have made fun of the way he changes his voice when dressed as Batman . Has anyone thought that perhaps he changes his voice so that he becomes harder to identify ? Michael Keaton spoke with a raspy hiss when he was under the cowl , and Val Kilmer and George Clooney did little to mask their vocal identity . Also , Bale 's Batman is intent on striking fear into his enemies . If some dude in a batsuit comes up to you with a booming voice and batarangs flying all over the place , you 'd probably get scared too.Gary Oldman is perfectly cast as Sgt. Gordon . He 's a nice guy who only wants the best for Gotham . Problem is , the criminals run the city , which makes it a little hard for Gordon to do his job . He becomes a strong and worthy ally of Batman as the story unfolds.Michael Caine is wonderful as Alfred . Though Michael Gough 's Alfred will always hold a special place in my heart , Caine makes the role his own in `` Batman Begins . '' He is the one true source of comedy in a film as dark as this one.Morgan Freeman is very believable and likeable as Wayne 's weapons expert . He 's responsible for all of Batman 's gadgets and the wonderfully big and loud Batmobile.Cillian Murphy , who I 'm not very familiar with , is seedy , twisted and perfect as Dr. Crane/Scarecrow . I 've always believed that Scarecrow deserved to be in one of the other films , but I 'm glad that they held off until now . Murphy 's a weasel and his eventual send off is downright fun to watch . He was perfectly cast in this part.Liam Neeson is solid as Ducard , a man who seemingly has a deep concern for Wayne when he is learning the arts of justice under the tutelage of Ra 's Al Ghul . Much like his Qui-Gon character from `` Star Wars
 I 've always been a big fan of the first three live action bat films -LRB- I wo n't even mention the fourth one by name -RRB- , and I 've always loved BATMAN
 This movie rocks . It is the way Batman was meant to be . Very practical and realistic yet still retaining the escapism fantasy that makes the character so appealling . Unlike the last two disasters that featured the bat-skates , bat-credit cards , corny jokes and rubber lips , this Batman lurks in the shadows and inflicts terror into the hearts of evil-doers and audiences . It has litterally gone back to the beginning in the style that Bob Kane originally intended.First two-good , last two-suck , you have to be batty not to like this one .
 This is the kind of movie you get out of the theater and have to go sit down and talk to someone about how good the movie was !
 The first great film of Summer 2005 comes in the form of `` Batman Begins '' ! I have just seen this film today with high expectations ... and man , I was not disappointed in the least ! The direction of Christopher Nolan -LRB- `` Memento '' , `` Insomnia '' -RRB- was absolutely mesmerizing and powerful ! The special effects were mind-blowing , and the action/suspense of the film was nothing short of edge-of-your-seat ! Now to the performances of the film 's cast , led by superstar Christian Bale -LRB- `` Equilibrium '' -RRB- as the Dark Knight . Bale brings a powerful presence and on-the-spot seriousness to the role of Bruce Wayne/Batman . In fact , Bale is 100 times better than both Val Kilmer and George Clooney , but the best Batman of all time will always be -- -LRB- hats off , everyone -RRB- -- Michael Keaton ! To me , Christian Bale 's performance is about equal to Keaton 's performance as Batman in the first two `` Batman '' films . Joining Bale are Academy Award winners Michael Caine -LRB- `` The Quiet American '' -RRB- and Morgan Freeman -LRB- `` Million Dollar Baby '' -RRB- , Liam Neeson -LRB- `` K-19
 batman begins is the best movie of 2005 ! christine bale stares in this movie and hedid a wonderful job doing it!this movie is about how bruce wayne turns to batman.he trains to be a ninja in asia and then founds that gotham city is flooded over with crimanels.so bruce wayne has to turn into batman to kill his very first villan , the scarcrow who could destroy poeples minds into panik!this movie is awsome !
 While I 'm definitely a fan of Tim Burton 's interpretation and a decided enemy of Schumacher 's deconstruction into campy gaudiness , I must say that Batman Begins delves into a construction that I 'm 100 % on board with.Tim Burton delved very much into duality and splitting his character in half . Christopher Nolan cleverly directs and interprets Batman as one whole person ... one WHOLE HUMAN BEING.That 's right , folks . Let 's not forget this - he 's a human being ; seeing Batman as actually someone who is traumatized and vulnerable not only works well , but is chillingly believable.Push aside any of the far-fetched ideas and try to imagine crafting a story about a human being taking on villainy , and you 'll see how this film is clever and emotional at the same time . I especially love seeing how Batman himself gets developed along with the gadgetry.True , the love interest is extremely muted , but it certainly acts as an excellent foil for Bruce 's personality to be reflected upon and it 's certainly NOT what this film is about.Don ' t complain about `` slow starts . '' This is plot and character development at its finest in a Hollywood atmosphere that has almost forgotten both.Many kudos to Christopher Nolan and Christian Bale for finally rescuing Batman !!!! My hat 's off to you both.PS - the new Batmobile rocks !!
 Batman Begins is a fitting title , a statement in itself , stamping an end to a saga that had lost its direction long ago.Gone are the cameo appearances , the paper thin plotlines and the one dimensional characters . It seems one comic book geek , Christopher Nolan , finally did what all arm-chair critics would never do . He got off his rear end and rewrote the whole thing . That alone is admirable.The first move by Nolan was to cast a handful of well established supporting actors . Liam Neeson as the alluring mentor and conflicted villain , Michael Caine the witty and loving Butler , a perceptive Morgan Freeman as the trusted scientist , the list goes on . Interestingly , the part of Batman went to a less familiar Christian Bale , however , this is one of Nolan 's best decisions . In the past this role has gone to actors like George Clooney , making it hard to separate identities onscreen . This way Christian Bale is Batman and not vice versa , and the supporting actors are dispersed carefully within the plot as to not overshadow the hero himself.The second move by Nolan was to return to the roots of heroes \ villains , explaining the essence of identities and characters . At first the flashbacks of Batman 's childhood seem generic , but the progression of this story helps set stage to the action that follows . The action of man , whether hero or villain is less defined than most could understand . The birth of Batman is truly more intense that meets the eye , more philosophical than Hollywood would usually care to mention . It has captured a depth in comic books that is rarely celebrated by onscreen adaptations . It is a depth in story and character I would only expect in Japanese animations like Akira , Ghost in the Shell , and so forth . And inevitably when Batman fails to stop a villain on his first try -LRB- being set alight and gassed -RRB- , it does n't feel like a predictable build up of tension , rather a moment in which we understand his weakness and his flaws . The world of Batman is shaped by humans with a cause , not supermen with magical powers.Unfortunately , the movie has its flaws . The plot to save Gotham City plays second to the tension at hand , and the finale is somewhat an anticlimax to the concoction of identities that are born and interwoven . To save Gotham City was not high on my agenda to say the least . The action itself was awkwardly shot . Batman Begins is one of many recent releases of big-budget action movies that insist on close up cut scenes flickering at an indistinguishable rate . In the end all we see is hands jerking , heads turning , and the sound of ` ching ching ' . Is it cost saving , I do n't know , but I would prefer a panned out view of all the butt kicking ! Thankfully the childish one-liners -LRB- specially during the car scenes -RRB- were restrained just enough to prevent a ` star wars ' catastrophe.I would n't go as far to say this movie is a classic , but I am hopeful this saga will resurrect a trend in story telling for our comic book heroes to come .
 This movie showed some great things . Christian Bale is most likely the best batman to date -LRB- Keaton a close second -RRB- . This movie really shows the pain of Bruce Wayne as a child and what he went through growing up . It is one of the best action movies of all time in my opinion . I would really incourage you to see this great movie .
 Bale has always been one of my faviorte actors ever since American Psycho . He always seems to never get any credit for his performances , and in this movie he shines . The movie is dark , action is heavy in places , but the writing was blah . The movie had a few flaws , but I still enjoyed the movie . People who dont like the movie are either iggorant people who write reviews to piss people off or they didnt like it because it didnt have enough action or have a short attention span and cant pay attention . First off , the acting was excellent , the action was great , and the movie didnt have a cheese factor like the other four movies do . I hope the trend of Batman movies are like this , and do not have Bale turning into a cheesy George Clooney type Batman .
 Oh good lord , it 's about time a good Batman movie came out . I think it 's safe to that 99.9 percent of the population was disappointed and offended by the proverbial turd that was `` Batman & Robin '' -LRB- released in 1997 , it was the last time the Caped Crusader had graced the silver screen -RRB- . Thankfully , `` Batman Begins , '' making good on it 's name , has no connections to the other four films Warner Bros. put out -LRB- you know , other than the fact that they are `` Batman '' movies -RRB- . This new film is an attempt at jump-starting and revitalizing a franchise that really needs it . What better time to bring the Bat back ? Comic-book movies are enormously successful these days -LRB- unless you consider `` Elektra '' -RRB- and fans have been screaming for years for a new film to be made . One that makes up for the bad time we all had in 1997 . One that makes us all appreciate Batman again , and does n't make us feel ashamed to be fans.Director Christopher Nolan -LRB- `` Insomnia , '' `` Memento '' -RRB- steps up to the plate , leading an outstanding cast which includes Christian Bale as the big-earred superhero in question , and recent tabloid queen Katie Holmes as his childhood friend/love interest . Nolan knows style . If you 've ever seen one of his films , you know why he was the obvious choice for this project . True , he 's not very well-versed in action flicks , but his dark vision is perfect for Batman . Needless to say , he succeeds in making this the best Batman movie to date . Yep , I said it . Even better than Tim Burton 's `` Batman '' and `` Batman Returns . '' I love those films to death -LRB- heck , even `` Batman Forever '' was pretty decent -RRB- , they are an important part of my childhood , but Nolan 's Batman goes places Burton never bothered . Here , we are treated to the true origins of Bruce Wayne , the man , and how he came to be Batman . We get connected to him , and we feel for him , which is something I never quite felt in the other flicks . Half the movie is spent building up this enormous , complex character . True , it can wear down on you a bit if you 're just in it for some heavy action scenes , or if you have a short attention span and just wan na watch an action figure commercial , but `` Batman Begins '' is better than that . Did I mention how good Christian Bale -LRB- who you may remember chasing a hooker with a chainsaw , wearing nothing but sneakers in `` American Psycho '' -RRB- is as Batman ? He 's great . Cillian Murphy -LRB- `` 28 Days Later '' -RRB- as The Scarecrow ? Brilliant . I really ca n't picture anyone else in that role . Michael Caine definitely delivers as Alfred , as does Morgan Freeman as Lucuis Fox -LRB- but they 're always great -RRB- . Heck , even Katie Holmes manages to break free from her teenage fame , turning in a performance that is only topped by her topless performance in Sam Raimi 's `` The Gift . `` Everything about this movie is just incredible . I thought we were treated when `` Star Wars '' went out with a fight last month , and now Batman finally gets his respect with `` Batman Begins . '' How perfect . If you 're a bat-fan , you 'd be hard pressed not to like this movie . It is very well made and very respectful to the source material . Yeah , it 's a little long , but so was `` Batman & Robin , '' and I know you watched that at least once . So why not give this one a chance ? It 's actually worth the time you invest in it .
 Just saw Batman Begins and I have to say it was better than the 1989 Keaton Batman with the Joker . It has much more respect for the material . I only hope that the film makers can sustain this pace for the next film . For the first time a I actually believed that we were watching the real Batman for once . Michael Cane was exceptional as Alfred and Morgan Freeman was one of the best choices for Batman 's Q , as I call him . Q in the Bond movies created all the devices Bond utilizes in his missions . Liam Neeson was terrific as Ras Au Gul -LRB- if I spelled it correctly -RRB- there was at no time any credibility issues with the film . It was a winner from start to finish .
 I just saw this movie on opening day with my nephew and his friend . . and my gosh !! I was so amazed by it . It was almost as great as the oringal Tim Burton film . And that 's saying alot ! Bale did a wonderful job as both Bruce Wayne and Batman ... almost out doing Micheal Keaton . The acting was wonderful ... every one really put everything they had into their given role . I loved the fact that we got to watch Jim Gordon as he rose through the ranks over the course of the movie . Micheal Cain had some funny lines and all the flashbacks with young Bruce and his father really tugs hard on your heart strings ! I must admit though the secnes showing people 's fears after being exposed to Scarecrow 's fear gas were a bit scary and could give younger viewers nightmares . Another than that I high recomend this movie to every one ! Batman fans or just movie lovers GO SEE THIS MOVIE AS SOON AS POSSIABLE !!
 Batman Begins is a great addition to the Tim Burton Batman films and in my opinion it slightly surpasses those , but not by much . Let me just get the two negatives I have of the film off my back to begin with . The fight scenes were way too choppy to the point of not being able to tell who was hitting who and it lacks the comic book fun of the first two Batman films -LRB- I know it is suppose to be more realistic -RRB- . Now the great things ... Christian Bale shines as Bruce Wayne/Batman proving he is a star on the rise . Check him out in The Machinist where he went from 184 pounds to a skeletal 121 pounds . After he shot that film , Bale had to gain back his original weight and put on around 30 pounds -LRB- close to 100 lbs . in only 5 months -RRB- of bulk to play Batman . That is one dedicated actor if I do say so myself and I liked him just as much as Keaton in the role because he had the physical build -LRB- something Keaton lacked -RRB- to go along with the good acting chops to play Batman . The supporting cast is great as well , with Liam Neeson -LRB- very good here -RRB- , Michael Caine , and Morgan Freeman being the standouts . The villians are almost side characters in the story , which is drastically different from Burton 's films where the bad guys were on screen as much as Batman was . I like how they used very little CGI and relied on real stunts and explosions . The score was well done as well , even though there was no great theme like in the Danny Elfman soundtracks . I am a fan of Burton 's Batmobile design , but this one is just as cool in a more realistic way . Some people actually got up too quickly and missed the Joker reference at the end , so make sure you see the credits before leaving .
 I won off a radio station tickets to see the premire of this movie , The movie was awesome in general , I also saw the I-max version which was the 1st I-max movie I have ever seen that was not about dolphins . The movie itself was incredible , you see how Bruce became Batman , his training and why he is Batman . You him take on the Scarecrow -LRB- who looks like the Scarecrow from the Wizard of Oz and any one in the band slipknot had a child -RRB- , If you have a chance go see this movie as an I-max , You will not be dissapointed
 It used to be Michael Keaton 's version that was the ultimate Batman for me
 I was very pleased with the product , the speed of service , and the price .
 This was such an awesome deal . My son was ecstatic over this gift and I 'm very pleased with the price . 2 thumbs up .
 No problems here very good blu-ray rip . Great film if you get this get the dark knight too
 Bought this for my son -LRB- 20 yrs old -RRB- as a gift and he loves it . Plays it over and over .
 got this and dark night . the dark night looks better but this still looks amazing
 ... but that 's a good thing . An excellent , dark viewpoint of how Batman got a start . Better than Michael Keaton , Val Kilmer , and George Clooney combined .
 A great beginning to this series . I look forward to purchasing `` Dark Knight '' on Blu-ray .
 This movie is great ! I ca n't wait for Batman The Dark Night to come out on Blu-ray disc .
 Everyone reading this has probably already seen `` The Dark Knight '' , the megasuccesful follow up to this , 2005 's `` Batman Begins '' . While `` The Dark Knight '' is a truly great movie , it kinda is empty on being a Batman movie . Its more about its secondary characters than about the caped crusader.Thats why this movie is my definitive Batman movie.The movie follows Bruce Wayne from his childhood through til his training to become Batman , ultimately to his battle with the evil in Gotham City.Its a REALLY great movie ! Even though there are n't any iconic villains in this movie , Scarecrow and Ras Al Ghul are fantastic to watch as the evil in Gotham City ! Scarecrow is one awesome freaky villain!So if you are looking for the ultimate Bat-flick , check this one out ! It takes awhile for him to eventuate , but once Batman hits the screen its a gripping , near-perfect -LRB- in my books -RRB- mix of Action , superhero , drama , thriller and a small bit of comedy!The special features on the DVD are also very good , but annoying to access through the comic book navigation . There are no huge ` must see ' features , just a few scattered here and there about the making of the film.I 'd love for Warner Bros. to release a Special Edition co-inciding with the release of The Dark Knight later this year including an Audio Commentary with director Christopher Nolan and writer David S. Goyer to hear their thoughts and stories on BEGINS.So all in all , I highly recommend this DVD to any comic book fan , Batman fan or anyone who 's curious about all the hooplah surrounding Batman lately . ***** stars !
 I 've never been much of a comic book fan , but there have definitely been superheroes that have intrigued me over the years . From the Marvel universe , I have found myself drawn to the character of Spider-man , while DC 's Batman is my favorite hero from that universe . So far , both of those heroes have gotten -LRB- for the most part -RRB- great film adaptions . Both Spider-man movies have been amazing , while the Batman films under the directorship of Tim Burton have been great . The third one was enjoyable -LRB- to me at least -RRB- , while the fourth was terrible ; a very campy thing in the vein of the 60 's TV show . So I guess that any halfway decent Batfilm would look good after that flop , so the fact that Batman Begins is in fact great -LRB- possibly my new favorite Batman movie -RRB- is all the better.This movie has effectively restarted Warner Bros. 's Batman franchise . Robin has n't shown up yet , James Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- is still only a lieutenant , and the Joker is still a petty criminal -LRB- nowhere near his status as the Clown Prince of Crime -RRB- . Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- , the son of Gotham City 's greatest benefactors , has been spending time in prison in order to beat on the criminals housed within . A two-bit thug killed his parents right before eyes when he was just a kid , and he wanted revenge , but circumstances prevented it . Now his anger drives him to attack criminals of all kinds in order to avenge his parents . Soon however , he meets a mysterious man named Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- he introduces Wayne to the mysterious Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanbe -RRB- and he begins training Wayne martial arts and dramatic theatrics . This training allows Wayne to manipulate the fears of his enemies and become a crusader against crime in Gotham City , which has degenerated into a crime-ridden hell where gangsters like Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- run everything . In a way , it 's almost poetic that the film was shot in Chicago , seeing as how some friends of mine see Gotham as a parallel to Chicago , if things had gone differently back in the 30 's -LRB- and hey , they refer to Gotham as `` man 's greatest city '' , which accurately describes Chicago -RRB- . Upon his return to Gotham , Wayne moves back in with his childhood butler , Alfred Pennysworth -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , and reunites with his old friend Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- , who is now an assistant District Attorney . He also meets up with Lucious Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who is a sort of Q type character who provides Wayne with all of his bat-gadgets , including the batarangs , the body armor in the batsuit , the cape , and the batmobile -LRB- which is still awesome , even though it 's an SUV instead of a sports car -RRB- . Aside from Ra 's Al Ghul , we also get the Scarecrow/Dr . Jonathon Craine -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- in the villains department . Since he 's one of my three favorite Batvillains -LRB- the others being the Joker and the Riddler -RRB- , I was very happy to see him in this film . I think that the Scarecrow can be pretty cool if done right , and this movie definitely did him justice -LRB- unlike Two-Face or Mr. Freeze in some of the older films -RRB- . The only thing is that they did n't really go into his backstory , which I find interesting . However , this movie was already 21/2 hours long , and the main focus was on Batman himself . This is actually the first Batman movie where Batman was the star of the film ! In all of the previous ones , the villains were the ones who got more attention ; in the first Batman , Jack Nicholson even got top billing over Michael Keaton , even though Keaton played Batman and Nicholson played the Joker.The main theme of the story was fear -LRB- which made the Scarecrow a very appropriate villain -RRB- . It was about mastering fear , using fear to fight , and using fear to destroy . For those of you who do n't know , the Scarecrow developed a serum that induces a paniced state in people who breathe it in , forcing them to see the things that they fear most , which led to some pretty cool sequences.It was pretty cool to actually see Wayne discover and prepare the batcave for use , along with being trained , both of which were passed over in the original Batman movie . In that one , Wayne was already Batman , and while we know that his parents were killed , we never saw all the hell that he went through to go from Bruce Wayne to Batman . In Begins , however , we see all the torture that occured that had to happen in order to create the Dark Knight.For a comic book movie , the acting was exceptionally good . Caine , Freeman , Murphy , and Neeson did the best in my opinion , in their respective roles . Bale did a great Bruce Wayne/Batman , and Gary Oldman was great as a good guy -LRB- no , I am not lying ; Gary Oldman plays a good guy in this movie -RRB- . Holmes was fair , but her good looks made up it.This is a film that everyone can enjoy , whether you are a Batman fanboy or a casual film viewer .
 Batman has been brought back to full life and over powers all the rest except the fist one , because I 'm still a fan of the first Batman but this one is purely fun and exciting with satisfaction written all over it . Christian Bale -LRB- American Psycho -RRB- jumps into the role as Bruce Wayne , who has had a fear of bats all his life . His father Thomas Wayne , played by actor Linus Roache -LRB- The Forgotten -RRB- and his wife were killed by a thug . Wayne grows up in the hands of Alfred Pennyworth , played superbly by Michael Caine -LRB- Get Carter -RRB- . Years later the thug that killed his parents is found not guilty and is shot coming out of the court room . So , Bruce Wayne turns to the life of crime and ends up in a prison camp where later he meets a man named Henri Ducard , played nicely by Liam Neeson -LRB- Kingdom Of Heaven -RRB- , who tells Bruce Wayne that he can become a `` legend '' . So , Bruce Wayne goes to the temple of Ra 's Al Ghul , played by Ken Wantanabe -LRB- The Last Samurai -RRB- , and begins his training but Ra 's Al Ghul has devious things in plan which Wayne doesnt want to be apart of , so Wayne fights his way out of there saving Ducard 's life . So , Wayne returns from being gone 7 years and his father 's company being run by another man , who is played by Rutger Hauer -LRB- Sin City -RRB- . Plus , Gotham City is corrupt all over by the hands of Falcone , played with a overhammed Tom Wilkinson -LRB- Rush Hour -RRB- . Wayne 's childhood sweetheart Rachel , played by Katie Holmes -LRB- The Gift -RRB- is on the verge of getting rid of Falcone and his scum . Enter Dr. Jonathan Crane , played with balls by Cillian Murphy -LRB- 28 Days Later -RRB- , who puts on a orangish sack over his face spraying his victims with a powder substance that the victim can see what they fear ... his villain name is called The Scarecrow . Soon , Wayne becomes Batman ... a very buff Batman with help from his father 's friend Lucious Fox , a very groovy Morgan Freeman -LRB- Million Dollar Baby -RRB- and Wayne also has the help from cop Cheif Gordon , played by Gary Oldman -LRB- State Of Grace -RRB- . Soon , Wayne finds out that the baddies are trying to poison the water supply and an old friend is behind it all . Fast , fierce and exciting ... much , much better then 1997 's Batman and Robin which was a big disappointment with the Batman suit having nipples and Clooney 's unconvincing performance . Bale makes his role his own putting a twist on it and he works it out perfectly . Also starring Mark Boone Juinor -LRB- Se7en -RRB- as Gordon 's corrupt partner .
 After director Joel Schumacher made Batman a travesty of the character and left the series in shambles with his showboat-over-produced-butt-and-crotch-shot-flash-in-the-pan ` 96 release of Batman and Robin , it was extremely hard to see a Batman film in the future that would be worth any appeal whatsoever . Thankfully , director Chris Nolan saw this as an opportunity to do justice to the series , as well as completely reinvent it to peak the interest back into the original Batman fans , as well as create completely new fans for the new millennium.Batman Begins is a spectacular visual feast that not only exercises visual style , but focuses more on Batman as a character as opposed to how flashy his suit or how many things his Batmobile can do . And that 's what I really liked about this movie , it was more real than most of the Batman films , not substituting substance for rubberized crotch or butt shots.And I think fans of the comic book will find this one especially interesting because this is probably the darkest Batman flick , both visually and thematically and definitely stays truer to its origins.I was also very pleased to see The Scarecrow villain in Batman Begins , being a huge fan of his from the animated series on Fox sometime ago.Aside from all that , I thought Batman Begins had a strong story going for it , answering all the right questions I 've always had about how Batman became Batman ; where did he learn to fight ? and where did he get all his things like his suit and grappling guns?If you were just as disappointed with the last couple of Batman flicks as I was or never found Batman appealing at all really , I recommend seeing Batman Begins , because it is in the truest sense of the phrase , a new beginning in the series and will have you praising Chris Nolan for either breathing a much need breath of fresh air in the series or giving you an interest in this more modern Batman .
 This is by far the best Batman movie ever . And for all those people that write reviews without seeing the movie and saying that they should have let it go . You need to see the movie . And the horses breathing fire thing you will understand when you see the movie . I think that this movie answered ever question I had , and I have been watching baman since I was a kid . I have seen all the movies . I will admit at first I didnt want to see it but I went and loved it . Its the best . I give this movie 10 stars . One of th best movies of the summer .
 ignore all the bad critics -LRB- luckily a few -RRB- , they do n't know what they 're talking about . this one is perfect better than spider-man 2 , and arguably as good as superman . why is it better than spider-man 2 ? well in general , spider-man feels a bit comical - some would say that 's how it 's supposed to be done , but given that 's true , it 's still a bit melancholic . i think in reality even a poor hi-school student do n't look that `` sorry '' . Batman feels real all the way , it 's more complex emotionally . go watch it ... another strike from chris nolan .
 Between Burton -LRB- Tim -RRB- , Bale -LRB- Christian -RRB- , and Batman , the combination is unbeatable in this best yet melding of the Batman legacy . Bale 's depth of character is a little too superficial but I 'm hoping that will develop in the next movie . Otherwise , give me a Tim Burton movie any time an I know I 'll be satisfied . GO SEE THIS ONE .
 Although not considered the `` real '' first Batman movie , 1966 's BATMAN with Adam West , a quick knock-off to capitalize on the campy classic TV series , is a fun DVD ... but an awful movie.Tim Burton 's BATMAN and BATMAN RETURNS hardly qualify much better , to be honest . It was difficult to accept Michael Keaton as the Dark Knight . Jack Nicholson steals the first movie . And Tim Burton ca n't get any action momentum going to save his life.Joel Shummacher 's BATMAN FOREVER and BATMAN AND ROBIN are actually just big-budget camp entries that should 've been called THE AMBIGUOUSLY GAY DUO
 How could you possibly give this movie a bad review ? This is the best Batman of the series . There is not one major plothole in this story . Christopher Nolan has done the best job of any Batman director . Christian Bale is the best Batman ever hands down . He would kick Keaton 's ass any day . This is the best comic movie to come out . It is better than both Spiderman 's hands down . This movie is actually true to the Dark Knight comic it 's not supposed to be very funny just dark . So do n't tell me not to think when i see it i was thinking the whole time and i really loved this movie .
 Batman Begins will be released Oct. 10th . Would you like to pre-order it ? Well you ca n't from Amazon.If anyone that works for Amazon actually reads this , I would love some kind of explanation . In fact , you could put it on the same page as the products that are already released that you show as `` not yet released . '' It makes me wonder if I made a mistake in becoming a Prime member . All I want is a little information.Other titles not available from Amazon but available everywhere else : Aeon FluxFour BrothersWe Were SoldiersThe Italian JobThe Manchurian CandidateU2
 I really liked Batman Begins when I saw it in the theatre and I pop it in every so often .
 I have the last two movies on Blu Ray , so this just completed the collection . Christopher Nolan did a great job with these movies .
 Great movie , great way to show how Batman became Batman . Christopher Nolan is an awesome director . His trilogy is just spectacular .
 This was a fantastic portrayal of Batman . Worth watching -- Now I want to address the Amazon Instant Video and Prime Video services regarding this movie : Amazon 's Instant Video allows for the &#34; renting &#34; of the movie for a reasonably low cost and has no membership requirements -- you do n't pay if you do n't watch -- and it is great -LRB- they could do better with the cataloging process -RRB- The Prime Video Service does not always have the latest movies but for the price , the movie and tv selection is awsome -- you ca n't beat it at the $ 75 per YEAR price . And if you order things from amazon , chances are real good that you wo n't have to pay shipping -- the more you buy the more you save so you cant beat the value . I would recommend this to everyone.I just wish for a browser that call allow me to schedual shows to play systematicly rather than having to go down a list one at a time -- sometimes I would like to just veg out like the old tv days -LRB- I do n't pay for the cable/sat services because I just do n't think I like paying for commercials -RRB- .
 Good movie . The first obscure movie of batman . It really makes more credible the hole batman story . Need to be seen in blu ray .
 Bought it to built my super hero collection . Got all three in the series and a fraction of the cost .
 I 'm not normally a big fan of comics or the movies they inspire , but i was very pleasantly surprised . Highly recommend it .
 What can I say , Christian Bale is the best Batman yet ! Remember when Clooney tried it?Hah ! Buy this DVD here and save some bucks !
 This is a great movie that anyone would like . Lots of action & it 's Batman enough said . Buy it you 'll love it
 La primera entrega de esta saga , thumbs up , la entrega fue justo a tiempo y el producto en perfectas condiciones !
 This movie is awesome . Batman begins tells the origin story of batman in the way only Christoper Nolan could give us . I absolutely loved the characterization of such Batman villains such as Ras al Ghul and Scarecrow . When I first watched this movie I didnt like it because it was so different from the comics but after watching it a few times I really grew to love this movie . If your a batman fan of any kind you will adore this movie .
 as per the rest of hte dark knight series this move is stellar . liam neeson is amazing!would definately recommend !
 Great movie ! Just wich I could stream in in HD via my logitech revue . That is the reason i gave it a 4 instead of a 5 .
 LOVE THIS NEW SERIES OF BATMAN MOVIES . MORE ACTION AND BETTER STORY LINE.THE OLDER VERSIONS WHERE COMICAL LIKE THE TV SERIES.MUCH BETTER ACTING .
 Christian Bale makes the best Batman so far , and the rest of the cast , especially Michael Caine and Liam Neeson , are superb . Production values do n't leave anything on the table . It 's a suspenseful thrill ride from start to finish .
 The blue ray is great and the added comic inside is cool . Great first movie of the series . I have The Dark Knight and obviously awaiting the 3rd
 It was a great movie , I 've been seen the 3 movies in a maraton and it was amazing!I hope to see more movies with all villains . .
 I am a senior citizen and remember the first days of Batman , as well as many of the other super heroes . The stories have always entertained me greatly . This movie gives a different take on the origin of Batman . It 's not how the original went , but it was certainly fascinating . I enjoyed the drama and showmanship put into this production . It provides true entertainment . It is not for younger children .
 My wife had . Ever seen this movie , thanks to amazon I was able to show her this IncredIble movie . I wish they could add a option for 48 hours .
 The Dark Knight Series is by far the best Superhero movies I have ever seen !!!! Loved every minute of it !
 I 've seen Dark Knight a bunch of times and own it on blu-ray , but had never gotten around to seeing Batman Begins . My wife had seen it , but I had introduced her to Dark Knight . She claimed Dark Knight was way better than Batman Begins . She saw Batman Begins when it first came out . Well after watching Dark Knight one weekend , we decided to watch Batman Begins . We came to the conclusion that if you watch Dark Knight first , and then Batman Begins , Batman Begins comes out looking a whole lot better than if you watch the movies in order of release . They should have produced Dark Knight first and then Batman Begins , as Batman Begins feels like a much better `` answer the questions from Dark Knight '' movie than a standalone story . So if you have n't seen either , buy both on blu-ray -LRB- awesome visuals -RRB- , watch Dark Knight first , and then Batman Begins .
 This movie does a excellent job of explaining how Batman came to be . It shows how Bruce Wayne is deeply affected by his parents death and how he overcomes the trauma of his early childhood . Not as good as the Dark Knight but is very good .
 I do n't want to start a `` who plays the best Batman '' argument going with this review . That is not the case here . Let me be clear that for the first time ever in movie format , the writers for Batman Begins FINALLY got Bruce Wayne 's parents murder correct . I know that sounds strange , but it means a lot if you are a Batman fan . It was not the Joker or Harvey Dent who fueled Bruce becoming the Dark Knight . It was a thief ... how hard was that to get right ? Aside from that , this origin story is believable with the present day setting and almost to the point of `` wow , this could actually happen . '' The best part of this film is the minimal use of CGI . Of course the bats , parts of the train , and some of Gotham was CGI integrated , but still very believable looking . The Bat-mobile or Tumbler tank was a real treat to see . the amazing notion is that it actually exists and you could n't help yourself with saying `` I want one ! `` Another plus is there is an awesome amount of A-list actors and actresses in this film . All are wonderful performance with making a Batman story come to life scene after scene . The only problem I had with the movie were some new character additions like Rachel Dawes as a main character . But Katy Holmes performance was good so I immediately did n't mind her being in it . I know that people particularly Batman fans and non fans alike questioned the voice Christan Bale used . I just wish people would understand why . Unlike George Clooney 's -LRB- gags self -RRB- or Michael Keaton 's performances , you would n't talk in your normal voice if trying to hide your real identity and invoking fear into thugs . You want to mask your voice and sound intimidating . It did get questionable in The Dark Knight sequel , but I just wish people would get over this stupid hump . Watch the bonus features for the making of Batman Begins and watch Christian Bale perform . You will understand why he was chosen to be Batman.The influences from various comic book source material is apparent . Most of the ideas like the famous bat swarm scene is from Frank Miller and David Mazzucchelli 's Year One mini series . Anyway , Batman Begins is worth a Blu-Ray price for 720 to 1080p resolution and High Definition surround sound . It 's a must own for Batman or action movie fans .
 If you like the Batman movies get this one . Looks great on blu-ray and was entertaining . I 'm not going to give a long drawn out review and pick apart every aspect of the movie . Good price on Amazon and great shipping .
 i loved it this is the best batman since batman its a movie i watched 5 times in a row and cant wait to buy it if you havent seen the new batman begins its a must see for all
 a complex and gripping plot , discussion on good and bad , beautiful and most enjoyable film , with great description of gotham . one of the best batman films , together with the first batman -LRB- tim burton 's -RRB- , to my taste better than the dark knight
 This star playing Batman is the best !! This movie is the best of his two , so far . Christian Bale has many sides to his character , and he can play Batman because of it . HE carries a large sound effect with his voice , and Blu Ray makes it so real . I bought this one and The Dark Knight in blu ray . Awesome .
 GREAT Movie !!! Ca n't believe this came after Batman & Robin -LRB- 97 -RRB- . Great start for Nolan 's film . Highly recommended . Picture quality looks amazing as well .
 What can I say it 's Batman ! What could be better ? Blu-Ray Batman ! Looks great on hdtv and blows you away with surround sound .
 It was a gift for someone who likes the batman movies ... ...
 Blue Ray is definitely worth it to complete you collection . This fills in the missing details from the 2nd and 3rd movies .
 This is not just an action movie , I was pleasantly surprised to see that the story was interesting and kept you watching .
 One of the more attention holding movies that I have recently watched that it made me watch the next in the trilogy .
 Bought this for my son for his 3rd bday . He is obsessed with batman . It 's was great price and the movie shipped quickly . Ca n't get my son to watch anything else .
 First time seeing it . Saw The Dark Knight Rises and wanted to see how it all began and loved it .
 It does what was advertised , good uncompressed video and audio quality , short in the special features , but that 's what 's expected in a regular edition copy . Great blu ray buy nonetheless .
 El inicio de la saga de batman , buenos complementos , buen producto.lo recomiendo para todo fan de batman . gracias
 Good Movie , a must see . Streaming quality was good , fast and Amazon made it problem free . Have no fears , enjoy .
 Batman Begins is a really good movie . It is different from all the others because it actually shows how he became Batman . It is an awesome movie . Christian Bale is a good Batman .
 Before I bought this , I 'd seen it a couple times , and I 'd gotten the Dark Knight for Christmas , so I thinght , why not buy Batman Begins ? Even though the Dark Knight is haled as like , `` the best Batman movie ever '' . I say , Batman Begins is a good movie , and it made the Dark Knight possible , it breathed life in to the dusty rotting bones of the Batman franchise , -LRB- I 've heard that somewhere else , just thought it was cool -RRB- . Anyway , this movie is good . It gives the origin story of Batman and how Bruce 's parents died . It gave you two really cool villans , Ra 's Al Gul and the Scarecrow , and it was a good origin story . Although it 's not quite as good as the Dark Knight , it stands alone as a good Batman movie .
 If you like movies based on comics , well this movie is for you ! I had this on DVD an now on Blu-ray .
 With the winning combination of Chris Nolan and Christian Bale , we , the fans of Batman , can now say that we have the best portrayal of the character when both see Bruce Wayne and Batman . When we compare Michael Keaton 's portrayal as opposed to Christian Bale , Keaton was not able to bring out as many aspects of Bruce Wayne that Bale did . The same can also be said when fans want to comare the 2 actors portrayal of Batman . Many thanks to Chris Nolan for resurrecting and saving The Batman Legacy after the humiliation it suffered with Joel Schumacher !!
 I was happy with my purchase ... the rating of the quality was right because the only part of the product that was damaged was the box but contain everything inside and the movie was factory sealed . Only flaw was I was n't able to locate my shipping and was n't sure when I 'd receive it , but I eventually got it 3 weeks later
 I 'll keep it short . Michael Caine is incredible , Christian Bale is ... Passable . On the whole , the director does a great job creating a more realistic setup for the Batman character - a huge task , but a satisfying attempt .
 Classic Batman adventure that delivers with style . Now we can watch the Dark Knight next . We enjoyed it even when we were home sick.Good Job !
 I had low expectations going in when I saw this at the theater , but I was completely blown away with this movie .
 Great movie ! So much better than the previous movies from the 90 's ! See all the 3 new ones !! You must see !
 Great Beginning to a Trilogy !! Recommend to others to watch the trilogy of Batman . Comes full circle when you see the 3rd Batman movie .
 My son is a Batman freak and this gift set is so awesome . It includes some really cool items and the movie is great .
 Fue un &eacute;pico inicio.Me llevo a creer que los Super-Heroes pueden Sufrir y salvar la humanidad . Es cierto tuve esa sensaci&oacute;n .
 Ca n't say enough about this movie . Obviously , a classic already with the acting and storyline . Who does n't like this movie ??
 Great packing . Great movie . We love it so much . Thanks for the hard work put in to packing the time !
 We love watching this movie at home . It never gets old and I ca n't wait to watch it over and over again .
 Tape works good , i have many VHS players i own the trilogy but i said hey if im on my computer i got a TV behind me , with a VHS player so why not , i put it to good use the day it came no complaints love all the batman movies -LRB- other then Batman an Robin -RRB-
 Did I think it possible ? Heck no ! I do n't consider myself a big theater-goer , but when I do go , I expect nothing short of at least GOOD . What I got from Batman Begins was nothins short of fantastic . This movie is extreme ! The script is great , Christian Bale is awesome , the villain is an ultimate bad guy -LRB- no crazy colorful costumes or cheesy dialogue come from this villain ! -RRB- , and the movie balances action with actual substance.In Batman Begins , we learn the origins of Batman . It opens with our hero , Bruce Wayne aka Batman , in a prison . He gets into a wicked fight with a group of inmates , so bad that the guards pull him off telling him it 's for `` protection . '' When Bruce screams that he does n't need protection , the guards tell him that it 's for the other inmates , not for him . Bruce is a strong-willed , heck just plan strong , man . Soon after , he 's picked up by Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who trains Bruce to become a member of an elite group called The League of Shadows , but when Bruce 's initiation consists of killing someone and he just ca n't do it , he ends up setting the entire place on fire , stopping only to save Ducard . Bruce heads back to Gotham City , sure that he can be of help to the people . And undoubtedly , he will be exactly the force that the city needs . The city is full of corruption , from the police to the lawyers to the creepy guy , Scarecrow , who runs the mental institution . One of the non-corrupt is Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- , who is fighting to put the city 's biggest mob boss behind bars . Rachel knew Bruce Wayne before his parents died and is upset to learn that his return to Gotham has no more substance than being a playboy -LRB- oh , how little she knows ... -RRB- It 's great to finally have backstory . To finally have more than just a couple glimpses of how Bruce Wayne actually became Batman . His greatest fear is bats ; what better way to get over the fear than become a bat ? There 's still comedic one-liners , though it 's nothing near as cheesy as the previous films . One of my favorites is when Bruce is trapped under a fiery log and his butler Alfred -LRB- played wonderfully by Michael Caine -RRB- says , `` What 's the purpose of all those push-ups if you ca n't even lift a bloody log ? '' So , the cheese factor is finally gone from the Batman franchise . If they continue with making Batmans , which I 'm sure they will , I hope they take notes while watching this one to create something equally spectacular .
 There 's a long sequence near the beginning of BATMAN BEGINS where Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- finds himself in Bhutan being groomed to join the League of Shadows , an organization headed by the mysterious Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Wantanabe -RRB- and dedicated to ... doing something with power and fear . This part of the story contains the requisite mumbo-jumbo about anger , power , control , etc. that 's pro forma in this type of film , most of it smoothly delivered by Liam Neeson as Ra 's sidekick.A central theme that emerges amid all the talk is the lengths to which Bruce is willing to go to avenge his parents , who we see murdered in an early flashback . The Gotham part of the film , done in a neo-realist style , involves Bruce 's first stabs at being Batman , corporate intrigue at Wayne Enterprises , possible love with a childhood sweetheart turned DA -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- and an insufficiently imagined villain called the Scarecrow -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- who plans to destroy Gotham with the use of panic inducing drugs.This is a genuinely new take on the superhero flick , which never loses sight of the fact that Bruce is just a man , with no superpowers ... the first rate cast includes Michael Caine -LRB- Oscar-worthy as Alfred -RRB- , Gary Oldman , Tom Wilkinson , Linus Roache , Rutger Hauer , and Morgan Freeman as Bruce 's gadget guy ... the best film of the summer ...
 This is a great new direction for Warner Bros ' Batman series . It 's much edgier and realistic than the previous films , and lacking much of the campiness found in `` Batman and Robin . '' Christopher Nolan 's incredible direction certainly shines through on this film as we see a more human side to Batman , and we explore the difficulty of managing two lives.There were only a few flaws with this film , but they were pretty major ones . The romance between Wayne and Rachel -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- seemed too forced and was n't developed enough . It was given may be 5 minutes ' time in the movie and I just did n't care enough about her character or their past because I did n't know anything about it . I do n't even recall them kissing in the film . This could be setting up for future films but she just felt like a character that could have been left out.The action . There just were n't enough scenes of Batman . He was in costume for maybe 10 minutes of the movie , if that much , and it just was n't the Batman we 're used to from the comic books . Granted , this was an origin story and he 's not supposed to be proficient at crime fighting , but I would like to see more of it.Lastly , the enemies were very sub-par . Scarecrow was not very evil , and went down very easily . Ras did n't impress me much either . I do n't want over-dramatic acting from Jim Carrey or Arnold Schwarzenegger , but I would like a little more evil in the film . This was n't what I would call a `` Superhero movie . '' It was more of a gritty action film that happened to have the main character in a cape some of the time.Even with these `` flaws '' as I consider them , maybe this is why I enjoyed the film so much . It 's much more believable than the past films , especially when we see Batman falter while trying to use his new gadgets or become accustomed to his new skills . This is n't a Batman that can easily get around any situation , so I respected him more . If you want a huge Bruckheimer/Bay Summer popcorn movie , you 'll probably have to wait for `` War of the Worlds , '' but if you like some decent writing and want a new look at the Batman franchise , you should definitely check out `` Batman Begins . ''
 Granted I am a big fan of Batman and have read the graphic novels , but even those who are not familar with the story of Batman will not be disappointed with this MAGNIFICIENT film . There is hardly any flaws and the script is intriguing.Eveybody by now knows the plot . Bruce Wayne is searching for answers concerning redemption and justice and meets an army of ninjas where he recieves training . Then he returns to Gotham City and finds it more corrupt than he left it . He starts to create fear among the criminal world and show them that crime does not pay . Among the chaos , he becomes Batman and must save Gotham from a diabolical villian out to destroy Gotham City.It is a well-told story that involves Bruce Wayne and his transformation into Batman . The film is filled with high caliber actors with Christian Bale as the best Batman ever and forever !! I have seen Christopher Nolan 's Memento and loved that entire story as well . He is a superb writer and director who knows how to mess with our minds.I can not say enough about this film except that it deserved to be nominated for Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor , and Best Supporting Actor -LRB- anyone of them would be worthy -RRB- . This film -LRB- notice I am stating film instead of a regular movie -RRB- be a sweep at the Academy.I have never seen a superhero movie that was perfect all around !! See it NOW !! In addition , I am getting tired of all the negative reviews of this great film . The fact that most of the negative reviews have no supporting reasons why they hate it or they did n't even see it is no excuse to dismiss it online . If you do n't like Batman , that 's fine , you 're entitled to your opinions . But if you do n't watch it , you have no reason to hate it.This Batman movie is the best Batman movie -LRB- ranks up there with the original Superman -RRB- in terms of better writing , actors , effects , and score.If you hate it , give us a good reason why and we 'll accept it . Just hating it because of the last two Batman is impulsive . This is not like any of the movies you have seen , so give it a shot . Thank You !!
 Batman Begins , directed by Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento -RRB- , co-scripted by David Goyer -LRB- Blade Series -RRB- , and starring Christian Bale , Michael Cain , Liam Neeson , Katie Holmes , Gary Oldman , Cillian Murphy and Morgan Freeman is the spectacular release of the year so far . While Star Wars had the great visuals , Batman brings the entire batcave . The visuals are great and yet more real , adding a plausible flavor . The acting is outstanding ! The story is tight and for a movie 2 hours and 20 minutes , one wants more , never feeling it is too long.It is by far more superior to the other films . While I liked the Batman film by Burton , it has slow and silly moments , too many one liners , and actually is a Joker origins story . The other movies in the series , while satisfactory entertaining -LRB- well , not Batman and Robin -RRB- , are not plot driven and too many characters take the center stage . This movie loaded with characters , support the story and one never feels that they have stolen the show from Batman.I 'm not going into the plot , other reviewers have and one should just go see the movie/dvd . Supporting films like this one encourages Hollywood to produce films with strong stories and excellent direction . This is a big budget with an arts feel , and one begins to understand Batman/Bruce Wayne.To Batman purist -LRB- I consider myself one -RRB- , this film should excel . Most true Bat fans know that in the Dark Knight 's 60 + year history , he has had re-interpretations but has stayed in essence Batman . This film brings many of the different comic elements form Frank Miller , Jeph Loeb , Tim Sale to Dennis O'Neal . This film has a strong narrative which is why so many movie critics from Roger Ebert to Jeffery Lions have complemented this film . This is a film deserving of repeat showings . Batman takes flight and never slows down until justice is brought to Gotham - let 's hope Warner Nros . makes a sequal.The second disk has plenty of extras and it is outlined in the form of a comic book .
 Anger can hold our intellects hostage as it did the young Bruce Wayne . Carmine Falcone tells him , `` Do n't come down here with your anger , trying to prove something to yourself . This is a world you 'll never understand . And you always fear what you do n't understand . '' Wayne does well with this advice , and how.Michael Keaton is now a * distant * second in the hierarchy of Movie Batmen . And Michael Caine makes all previous Alfreds look like fancy pants sissy-boys . Highly Recommended !
 FINALLY ! I had to get that out after watching two pieces of crap that called themselves Batman . Joel Schumacher 's reign of terror is over and Christopher Nole has taken the helm of the Dark Knight 's latest project , Batman Begins . A tremendous improvement -LRB- how could it be worse than Jim Carry stealing the scenes or George in a nippled Batsuit ? -RRB- over the last two and even grabs some ground from the gothic creations of Tim Burton , the original Batman and Batman Returns.This story , like everyone knows , tells how Bruce Wayne went from the orphened son of a multi-billionare to the Dark Knight , avenging his parent 's deaths and fighting crime in Gotham City . It begins in the Far East where Bruce learns how to disappear into the night and fight his enemies . While CNN found this a stupid beginning and too `` Asian-martial artsy '' , I thought there was no better place to begin . I mean , Batman 's entire technique is the night , a concept used by those steathy assassin/spies called ninjas . Also , you ca n't expect Batman to take boxing lessons to beat people up ; no , you 've got ta go martial arts for that.Moving along , Bruce returns to Gotham , transformed from a Corescant-like wonder of dazzling heights and glimmer into a dark , Blade Runner-like LA , topped off with a island housing the poor , criminally insane , and modeled after a destroyed Hong Kong slum . In Gotham , we get the beginnings of Batman from Lucius Fox , a former board member of Wayne Enterprises played by Morgan Freeman , and the butler Alfred , played by the wonderfully English Michael Caine . However , Batman will find his troubles in the psychologically minipulative Dr. Crane , played by sinister Cillian Murphy , also known as The Scarecrow for the mask he wears . Crane uses a hallucinogen that induces horrifying day-mares which render the victim helpless in their own fear.Speaking of fear , this movie uses psychological fear to a greater extent than any superhero movie , actually more than most movies , I 've ever seen . The Scarecrow is n't really scary -LRB- well , maybe the mask is a little odd , possibly frightening to younger audiences -RRB- , but he does n't need to be psychotic or powerful to induce fear , he uses your own . Bruce 's own fears of the past -LRB- not to mention guilt over his parents ' deaths -RRB- provide a much more humane look at a superhero , like that of Spiderman 2 . You feel Bruce is human , rather than just a symbol , as he attempts to be as Batman.Overall , this film plays much better than the last two , possibly all , of the Batman 's before . The cast is excellent -LRB- never seen one better for superhero films -RRB- , the dialogue is witty -LRB- unlike the final Star Wars movie -RRB- , and the plot is a great start to the Batman canon . The end leaves us with Batman , the new vigilante of Gotham , ready to take on the crime of the city , one villian at a time -LRB- and ready to find the REAL murderer of his parents , the Joker , who leaves his trademark card at the end -RRB- .
 With powerful direction , a mixture of elegant performances and a dash of just enough special effects , this truly is a beginning worth remembering . While some moments lead this viewer to think corn was about to be popped right off the ear , the action quickly deviates into a darker alley that allows one to savor the moment of a deep breath . No brightly light faces , no one-liners to dilute the plot , and a ensemble cast human enough to understand without gulping down soda in vile disgust . Hopefully if there are future cards to be laid , and the jester shows his hand , this darker franchise will continue to satisfy without sacrificing itself to mockery .
 Batman Begins is a very good action movie , with a decent plot . This is probably the most true to the current comic Batman any of the movies has gotten and Bale is the best Batman since Michael Keaton , possibly even better than Keaton but I think it 's too early to make that call -LRB- we 'll see what he does in the sequel -RRB- . About 30 % of the movie tells the origin of Batman . On screen , in the past we 've seen why Batman became Batman . In this movie we finally learn how that all came about and it 's adapted well from the comic origin written years ago . I 've read some reviews that claim `` this is the best comic movie to date '' or `` this is one you can actually believe could happen '' , both comments are ridiculous , this is most definately a comic book movie , while Batman does n't have super powers , he never has in any of his on screen personas.I gave it four stars because it 's a very entertaining movie , that manages to take an exhausted franchise and bring it back to life in a big way for yet another generation . Staying inside the comic movie genre ; while it did n't deliver the same emotional intensity as Spiderman II , Batman Begins is certainly is a very good movie with quite a few unexpected twist and turns , among the best of the comic movies ever made .
 Normally I 'd try to write something literal and cohesive to describe the assets of movie I appreciated seeing . Unfortunately I just came out of a theater showing Christopher Nolan 's `` Batman Begins '' and that 's not going to happen.Awesome . Awesome . Awesome . Awesome.Go for other reviews for in-depth analysis of this person 's performance or the script 's cohesiveness or the breathtaking quality of the cinematography . I 'm keeping it simple . It freaking rocks.I feel like I just rode the best rollercoaster at the fair , and now I ca n't wait to use the rest of my ride tickets to do the same rollercoaster over and over again . It 's been years since an action movie elicited this kind of excitment from me and it feels great.Will someone please buy George Lucas a ticket to this movie , so he can see how it 's done?This is what movie theaters were made for . Go see it right now . Awesome . -LRB- Is it too early , on opening day , to predict that this movie will be the hands-down blockbuster of 2005 ? And furthermore , who 's ready to go again ? -RRB- As a lifelong Batman fan , at 36 I can say that Batman has finally been captured on film . There 's one Batman , and his name is Christian Bale . There 's one Batman movie , and it 's called `` Batman Begins . '' Nothing else is remotely in the same league.Someone get Christopher Nolan on the sequel right now ...
 The new Batman movies are awesome . I love Batman , I hope they come out with a third movie soon .
 This Is Definitive Bat-man Origin story , and it looks and sounds amazing on blu-ray . Amazingly done and great bonus features . If you dont own it , it is definitely worth a buy esp . at amazon 's price !
 Deep , Dark , and Edgy - you can use these words to describe Batman , and you can use these words to describe this movie as well . This was the way Batman was supposed to have been , so this `` reimagining '' of the Batman franchise was the way it was supposed to be to begin with.With this role , Christian Bale got into a hot streak from 2005-2009 that have rarely ever been seen before in Hollywood history -LRB- just do n't say in the world as Andy Lau of Hong Kong cinema has been in over 100 big-screen movies -RRB- . Bale probably appeared in over 10 movies in lead roles in that span , and deservedly so after this performance.The only ludicrous thing about this movie is his semi growl/whisper/stoned voice when he dons the cape - what 's up with that ?? LOL
 The only thing lacking in this movie was IMAX . I hope the next batman movie will be filmed entirely in IMAX , and if that BD costs USD80 , I would still buy it .
 FINALLY , a Batman film that is more true to the comics ! Dark and witty at the same time . And finally an actor that * looks * the part of a fit crime fighter .
 Very entertaining . Good quality Blu-Ray for the theatrical version . HAve not yet explored the special features .
 in my mind , Batman Begins is easily one of the best superhero movies ever made.the movie basically tells the story of the genesis of the caped crusader.obviously , there is a fair amount of character development involved , which you would expect based on the title.but not so much that the film becomes tedious.Batman is shown as more of a full dimensional character than in previous incarnations . . Director Christopher Nolan shows great skill as a director , pacing the film very well.there are also some touches of humour throughout and we get to see a more human side to Bruce Wayne.The villains are also more fully realized than in most movies of the genre , instead of simply being devices for the hero -LRB- the protagonist -RRB- to have a villain -LRB- antagonist -RRB- to defeat.Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman are standouts in their respective roles , as is Liam Neeson.Katie Holmes has yet to reach the level of maturity require for her role , so she is a bit weak.This Batman movie is less cartoonish than previous efforts , and is closer to the realm of realism -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- . the movie is also more thoughtful than many movies depicting superheros.there is much more substance.in fact more substance than style , though it is just stylistic enough.All in all a brilliant depiction of the origin of the caped crusader . 5/5
 A must for any afficionado of Batman movies . My kids loved seeing each new `` toy '' as Batman discovered the secret arsenal he had and then the creation of the Bat Cave . And , in my humble opinion , Christian Bale is still the best of the Batman actors .
 Put aside all the campy gadgets and poor humor , trade the glossy chicmobile in for a ... black ... tank , forget the `` BAM ! SOCK ! AND POW ! '' cue cards , add a dash of Morgan Freeman , a cup of Katie Holmes , an exceptionally English Michael Caine , Liam Neeson as an uncommonly convincing villain , and Christian Bale as the most believable Batman ever and you have the perfect recipe for the redemption of what Batman always should have been!What makes any movie great and worth watching is story - Christopher Nolan and company knocked this one out of the park . It is a rare occasion for me to buy a movie for my collection at home . It HAS to have a great story , it has to make me forget I 'm watching a movie , it has to make me care about the characters , it has to have a great score , it has to take me from the quiet burbs to some great locations and it has to be something I want to watch over and over again ~ This one came home with no reservation ~ To quote Dr. Schneider -LRB- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade -RRB- This movie had me `` giddy as a school boy ! '' from start to finish.To quote the guys that get paid to say this kind of stuff , `` Two Thumbs Way Up ! ''
 Terrific introduction to the Dark Knight legend . This movie and its sequel assured that Mr Chris Nolan did the best job ever with the caped crusader movies . I already own it in DVD but had to buy the BD version . Specially with a less than $ 10 price , it is a MUST buy .
 Batman 5 is a great movie and in HD it is amazing . HD-DVD version is considerably better looking than its blu-ray counterpart . I watched them both just flipping the input function , and HD-DVD had a lot better darks and was more crip . In a lot of HD-DVD bluray comparisons that is common.Anyway , highly recommend HD-DVD Batman Begins .
 The following review is by someone who calls themselves `` Movie Reviewer '' , someone who likes Kathy Griffin and thinks Desperate Housewives is the best show ever ... `` LET ME GET ONE THING STRAIGHT , IT IS N'T ONE STAR , BUT 0 . THIS WAS THE WORST PIECE OF TRASH BATMAN I HAVE EVER SEEN . OKAY , IN ALL THE BATMAN MOVIES , THERE IS AN AUTHENTIC BATMAN VILLIAN , THERE IS N'T IN THIS ONE . AND , WHEN YOU FIND OUT THAT THE SCARECROW IS IN IT , IT IS A TOTAL RIP OFF . I MEAN , THIS JERK PUTS ON A SCARECROW MASK , AND SAYS BOO . WOW , REALLY FRIGHTENING . AT LEAST THE JOKER WAS A MOBSTER , MR. FREEZE HAD HIS FREEZY GUN , ETC. . THEY SHOULD HAVE NEVER MADE THIS MOVIE . BATMAN AND ROBIN WAS THE BEST ONE YET , THEY SHOULD HAVE CONTINUED IT THAT WAY . AND ANOTHER THING , PEOPLE ARE LIKE I HOPE THEY MAKE A BATMAN BEGINS 2 . THINK ABOUT IT , IT THIS IS WHERE HE BECOMES BATMAN , AND AT THE END YOU FIND OUT THEY PICK UP WITH THE ORIGINAL , THERE CA N'T BE A BATMAN BEGINS 2 . IF ANYONE WOULD EVEN WANT TO MAKE ONE , THEY SHOULD BE SHOT IMMEDIATLY . PASS UP THIS PIECE OF TRASH , AND WATCH THE BEST BATMAN
 Personally I think this is the best Batman movie ever made . Yeah the car is n't what we all know it to be , but the action and the storyline is quite good . The antagonist is kind of unlike any other movie which is bizarre but at the same time interesting . This is because you actually see Batman with unpredictable struggles rather than not being able to kill his enemy the first time they fight .
 This is the best summer movie of 2005 -LRB- Star Wars excluded -RRB- , this is the best Batman movie ever made , Gary Oldman , Liam Neeson , Morgan Freeman are all terrific and Christian Bale is the best Batman ever and even makes up for some weak performances in the supporting cast . The effects are flawless in this movie . I highly recommend this movie .
 Jameson L. Thottam Review of Batman beginsI , Jameson L. Thottam , found that Batman Begins is a return to glory for a franchise that was once thought to be sunk by Mr. Ocean and Joel S. Gone are the flashy colors that prevailed in the last 2 installments , and gone are the tongue in-cheek sexual references that try to make the characters more than they need to be . Instead , Batman is reinvented in this film , by the steady hand of Director Christopher Nolan.Those , like me -LRB- Jameson L. Thottam -RRB- who have seen his films Insomnia and Momento , know that this is a man who can see the dark side of things , and boy does he take this film down a dark road . Relying more on the psyche , and less on flashy effects , Nolan has taken Batman back to its roots , and improved upon the story ten-fold . What had been a disgrace to comic book fans in previous films , Batman is given a new style , a new outlook , and a new car.Batman Begins of course centers around the main character of Bruce Wayne . Having seen his parents killed right in front of him , he has filled his heart with not only doubt , but with many fears as well . Hoping to find a solution to these fears he basically gives up on what once was a bright future , and turned instead towards discovering why criminals do the things that they do . This has led him on a journey that places him somewhere between lunatic and savior . He can not even deal with the pain that he has inside , so he does n't really see how he can fit back into society . This leads him right to the door-step of Ra 's Al Ghul , who plans to teach him how to harness all of his fear and anger , and take vengeance upon all those who have taken the wrong path in life . Wayne goes through this training , only to finally fully discover what he really should be fighting for , and that he does have a purpose after all.Christian Bale dons the cape and cowl in Batman Begins , and I , Jameson L. Thottam , felt did a great job in the role . His brooding is just as good as Keaton 's was , and he far surpasses what Kilmer and Clooney were able to do . Bale stands on his own , and really makes the character of Batman his own , by not falling prey to all of the stereotypes that the former actors had fallen under . This was n't a lesson in showing off just how good looking Bale could be , and Bale does a great job of being part of the story , rather than being the story . To explain better , the movie was more about a man 's struggles with his own demons , and less about kicking butt . Do n't get me wrong , Bale has his scenes where he is able to show off everything he has learned , but at the meat of the movie we are able to cling to something more than just a few spectacular fight scenes.Surrounding Bale in this film , are many other great actors who lend their acting talents in great fashion . Gone are the over-the-top supporting characters who are designed more for star appeal than what they really offer the film , and they are replaced with accomplished actors who know just how to turn a phrase or create drama within a scene . Included in those actors is Liam Neeson as Ducard who takes Wayne to Al Ghul and begins his training , Gary Oldman who plays Detective Jim Gordon , Michael Caine who plays the Wayne 's butler Alfred , and Morgan Freeman Lucius Fox , an expert working for the Wayne Company . They are all given parts that play to their talents , and it is very enjoyable to see any one of them on the screen at any given time . In addition , we have smaller roles played by Ken Watanabe and Rutger Hauer who are also fun to watch.Playing the female lead is Katie Holmes in a role that very well could push her over into starring roles in film . Being a supporting character has been her bread and butter since Dawson 's Creek , and this film might be the one she needed . She is pretty good in her role , and does end up being the Mary Jane to Bale 's Peter Parker . In my mind , Jameson L. Thottam 's , she was decent , but she is no Kim Basinger . The final character we have in the film is Dr. Jonathan Crane who seems to have something to hide from the beginning of the film , and we are soon shown his true colors , and who the people that he deals with are . Crane was very good in this role , and seeing the film will provide the explanation as to why I do n't over-indulge my assessment of his part . All in all , the cast of Batman Begins was a great one , and I , Jameson L. Thottam , was really glad with all of the choices made for the film.Batman Begins could have been one of those films that went too far over the top , or tried to re-hash old ideas that either had been done better , or just plain did n't work . Instead , what we have here is a homage to the comic book , and a true story that goes back to the roots of Batman . Do n't expect it to be like the TV show , and do n't expect it to be as light-hearted as the past few films . What we have here is a really dark film , which explains the transformation of a boy into a man , and everything that he hoped to accomplish . After the last movie , the franchise really needed a jump-start , and by going back to the beginning , rather than trying to build off Clooney 's failure was the right way to go . I , Jameson L. Thottam , found myself almost applauding at the end of the film , and when there were emotional scenes involving the young Bruce Wayne I , Jameson L. Thottam , could really feel those emotions . Great acting , great story-telling , and the perfect cast helped to make this one of the best movies of 2005 so far . I , Jameson L. Thottam , can not wait till the next Batman film comes out.Hope you ca n't either , Jameson L. Thottam
 This movie is so awesome!I am a huge Batman fan and this film really makes up forall of the bad Batman films before this one.To start off the directing was brilliant it was filmed excellently.Christopher Nolan deserves at least an Oscar Nomination for his job.And the way he filmed the fight scenes was exciting and kept you on the edge of your seat the whole fight.The story was excellent.It had enough twists and turns to keep you on your seat on all times.And I loved its focus on story and character development.I also loved the way that they did n't have one major villian , they had two or three minor villians which worked excellently.All in all it was excellently written.And the acting was top notch.Christian Bale is the definitive Batman.And Michael Caine , Gary Oldman , Liam Neeson , Katie Holmes , Morgan Freeman , and Cillian Murphy all delivered some of their best performances I have seen.The production of it was also real top notch.The set and prop design was fantastic , it made you feel as if you were watching the comic.And the new batsuit and batmobile were really cool!And to top it off this score was fantastic.Although not as memorable as Danny Elfmans it was great.Right from the start it established the mood and atmosphere of the film.All in all this movie was superb.It definitely gets my vote as one of the best movies of all time !!!!!!
 THIS IS THE BEST BATMAN MOVIE OF THE MOVIES!IT 'S A MASTERPEICE!THE ACTING WAS A GREAT JOB AND SAME AS THE STORYLINE !!!!!! BATMAN BEGINS IS PROBALY THE MOST EXITING MOVIE I WAS LOOKING FOR YEARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT 'S AMAZING !!!!!
 To say that Batman Begins is my least favorite of the Nolan Bat-trilogy is sort of like saying that the missionary position is my least favorite way of having sex . `` Training is nothing - will is everything ! ''
 After leaving the theather , I was one happy guy . Batman was always the coolest and most interesting comic book character to me but all of the big screen adaptations all failed in my opinion . While the first two were above average , they still were not at all like the good comics . The next two were absolutely horrid and now this one is absolutely fantastic . The acting is superb with an exceptional performance by Christian Bale as Batman . He IS the best batman . Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , and Liam Neeson are superb as usual while Katie Holmes does a nice job . Cilian Murphy is perfect as Scarecrow and the mask he uses is great . The movie is good because it first introduces Batman and his training with Liam Neeson . The lines pronounced by Liam Neeson are fantastic and it shows Batman 's great fear of bats . He thus must learn to conquor his fear and return to Gotham where he can fight crime . I loved the new Hummer like Batmobile and when Bale was Batman , it was perfect . The words pronounced , the anger , and the appearance of the awesome costume had me and probably the rest of the world in true glory . If you do n't like Batman , you should still watch it as it is one of the year 's best films . If you do n't know anything about Batman , this movie explains his roots . If you are a true Batman fan , it will be by far one of your favorite movies . If you think that the movie is going to be for children , it 's much more dark than the others . This is the Batamn that I 've been waiting for and it is n't just good , it 's one of the best movies that I 've seen .
 Batman Begins is the first truly great , instant classic film of the summer . Forget the cartoony fiascos that were Batman Forever and Batman & Robin . Christopher Nolan 's sweeping tale of one man 's quest to bring justice to a dying , corrupt city is deadlocked with Sin City as 2005 's best movie . Odd how two motion pictures inspired by the work of Frank Miller are so far the most memorable and entertaining films to hit theaters this year.It does n't hurt that the main focus in Batman Begins is n't gaudy set design , extravagant costumes , or a deep rooted desire to imitate ; the number one priority is story . Taking almost , if not all of , the humanizing elements of the Batman character and infusing it with an astounding balance of realism and comic book action , moviegoers the world over are in for something of a rarity , a superhero movie not dumbed down for the supposedly simple masses . That a big budget summer blockbuster not only delivers on the action front but comes equipped with such a well written script has to be something of a studio fluke . Hopefully a new trend in filmmaking has emerged , the smart action film.Don ' t worry for all you folks just looking for slam-bang intensity , this Batman ai n't no codpiece wearing wuss . From Bruce Wayne 's martial arts training to the jaw dropping capabilities of the Batmobile , the onscreen fisticuffs and pyrotechincs are enough to necessitate a drool cup for any hardcore action junkie.Batman Begins also delivers a sucker punch in the casting department . Christian Bale gives us the most believable and downright scary Batman to date . Michael Caine is eerily convincing as Alfred . Cillian Murphy as the Scarecrow proves his mettle and gives rise to an overall feeling of unease regarding psychiatric professionals everywhere . Liam Neeson , although seemingly typecast in the mentor role of Henri Ducard , as always makes you believe he knows what he 's talking about . Morgan Freeman , well , he could recite Suess and it would be awesome ; his Lucius Fox is way more believable -LRB- and a hell of a lot less annoying -RRB- than James Bond 's Q. Katie Holmes as determined young District Attorney Rachel Dawes puts an exponential Grand Canyon gap between her and the teenybopper Dawson 's Creek role that made her famous . Tom Wilkinson as gangster Carmine Falcone proves once again that he 's one of the best actors out there -LRB- do n't believe me go rent In the Bedroom -RRB- . Now everyone mentioned above gives at worst an admirable turn , and this ensemble cast is a director 's fantasy come true . But there 's one performance that 's so surprisingly , unexpectedly good , I 'd say it deserves the Best Supporting Actor Oscar right now.Gary Oldman as the up and coming Gotham City police officer Jim Gordon gives the performance of his already stellar career . In a departure from his previous psychos and deviants Oldman plays his honest cop to unerring perfection . We feel his conflict and his discomfort as he continues on the straight and narrow in a city filled with venomous curves . He 's Batman 's number one fan and also his number one ally . Oldman plays the workingman hero , the average Joe , the family man who keeps his head down to keep his loved ones safe ; he not only nails it he redefines the archetype.Batman Begins is the must see movie of the summer . I 'm hoping word of mouth on this cinematic masterpiece will bring it well deserved box office success . Extremely rich storytelling along with phenomenal character development should keep folks coming back . I 'm doubtful there will be a better movie released this year , at least one involving superheroes.Parents please take note , almost the entire film revolves around the concept of fear and accordingly there are some frightening elements and intense images . Batman Begins definitely earns its PG-13 rating , so if your little tykes have a nightmare tendency you might want to check this out first before you bring them along .
 I 've always believed that the original Batman was the only one that worked . It got a little too complex with Batman Returns and some of the style started to stray with that one . The less said about the next two , the better . Batman Begins was really exciting because from the first trailer I saw I knew that this was going to be the one to turn it around . Gone are the stupid sidekicks and over-the-top music -LRB- though it 's a shame the batman theme from the original is n't in there -RRB- . Begins totally revamps the Batman formula , giving it a much harder and more realistic edge . The costume of batman is incredible , a lot more thought was put into it this time . The Batmobile is no longer a weird thing with fins coming off it but a real vehicle . And cool as hell . The editing is hard and fast , wrapping you up in the story and not letting you go . Acting is well done , with top-notch performances from everyone , including Christian Bale who I think did a wonderful job bringing back some dignity to the character of Bruce Wayne who had gotten a 2-D and cardboard during the last few movies . You really believe this guy could be Batman.Villains in this are a lot more complicated in this than the other movies , at least in my opinion , because there 's not just one main super-arch-nemesis . It requires a bit more thinking but does n't detract from the film , but enhances it . Oh , thankyou Christopher Nolan ! Do n't you ever let Warner Bros get that Schumacher guy anywhere near Batman again!They 've got a winner on their hands here , and if they let Nolan do another it 'll mean big things for the Batman franchise . I ca n't wait for the DVD and for the inevitable sequel . Keep it coming .
 It was a great film . A tad long , but I really enjoyed Christian Bale as Batman . His scary voice was cool . I bet he had a sore throat by the time they finished making this film . I ca n't wait for the next one and see what they do with Joker .
 After 16 years of bad Batman movies , BATMAN BEGINS is a quite a refreshing flick . It is exciting and intense and boasts terrific characterization and themes . Arguably the best thing about the movie is simply the style with which it is approached . The movie examines the character of Batman and sort of asks the question
 This ai n't your father 's Batman , But this movie is fully charged ! Long before the sillyness of the '60s action tv show , or the darkness of the first 2 Bat-Films -LRB- Both starred Michael Keaton , and directed by Tim Burton -RRB- . This movie shows the origins of the caped crusader . From the time Bruce Wayne 's parents were found murdered to the man who inherited the Wayne Industries ' legacy , From the Extensive training from his mentor , Jacques Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- to Getting all of the gadgetry from Luscious Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , This Batman is ready to take on Gotham 's Baddest Meanies , Including , in this movie , The ScareCrow . He does ` nt have Robin , does ` nt climb walls , and does ` nt have BatGirl . But when there 's the signal , He 's ready . Christian Bale was the right guy to play Batman , and He 'll be Back . So will the Dark Knight . `` Wait till they get a load of me !!! '' Jack Nicholson as The Joker `` Batman '' 1989
 This batman was the best Batman ever . This Batman was written and made the way Batman should have been filmed in the 90 's . It was dynomite
 At the beginning of the movie , I was afraid about how Bruce Wayne become The BATMAN . But Christian Bale is since Michael Keaton , the only who can brought this legend come true.The screenplay is uncredible and very complete . You can forget everything you 've seen before . BATMAN BEGINS is now the new reference in Super heroes movies . Spider-man , you do n't have the lead anymore .
 BATMAN BEGINS is such a wonderful movie.I just finished the novel in 5 minutes ago ... It was the best !!! Since I past my CRCT test score and got straight A , s all the way through in my seconed semestior I got a free tiket to Movies 400 from my principal ... my school ... my honor !!! After I read BEGINS of the Jouiner Novel I 'm denfintly going to see this movie made for the world ... the universe and even Ploto and for a `` small '' poor , little atom wanting to wacth a wonderful movie called `` BATMAN BEGINS `` Wacthing the trailer go to www.batmanbegins.com ...
 I was only a child when the first Batman came out , and I was immediatley obsessed with it . Now that I 'm older I still think it 's the only one in the series that is worth seeing . Part two was ok , but still not nearly as `` believeable '' as 1 . -LRB- Who could top a Jack Nicholson performance ? -RRB- Thank goodness that this is a new Batman series . The world could have never survived another George Clooney head-wobble accompanied by the infamous Bat-nipples . Thanks for the memories , Shumacher . Bale does an excellent job , as does Neeson , -LRB- always great -RRB- Katie Holmes -LRB- which I loathe -RRB- actually does a good job in this movie . I could live without seeing her in the next one . The one-liners were at a minimum , but still there . But it was 1,000,000 % better than `` 4ever '' and `` B&R '' , which was one-liners from begining to end . Is it possible to have a super-hero movie w/o the one-liners ? A promising start to a new series . I look forward to the next film .
 This is one amazing film . There is no better fleshed out Hero then Bruce Wayne aka Batman the Dark Knight . Other Superhero films touched one deep feeling of the protagonist and carried that theme throughout the film . Best example is the first Spirder-Man where the main character has to protect his secret identity in order to protect those that he loves . Peter Parker was an interesting , easy to pull off character . But what Christian Bale does for Bruce Wayne easily surpasses even Robert Downey Jr 's Tony Stark . Bale gives such a performance , so much depth that he gives Bruce Wayne something that has never been seen before in all forms of Batman films , a real motive . We are given the best origin story of Bruce Wayne to really give him a meaningful backbone . He does what he does not for a loved one but because he believes in justice . Sure every Hero fights for that reason , but I have never seen so much devosion to ones work on film as Bruce Wayne 's attempt to clean up Gotham.What really suprises us is the fact that this is the first Batman film that focuses on none other than Batman . This film is given ao much life and so much hope that one might ask `` Why does n't someone devote their life to fight crime ? ''
 Finally Batman is being tributed as it should have been a long time ago . Batman Begins is where it should have really begun in the first place . The production is flawless , the portrayals keep you in disbelieve all thruoghout the movie ...
 I keep forgetting that before the Dark -LRB- ` DORK ' -RRB- Knight and after the Keaton/Kilmer/Clooney crap there actually WAS a good Batman film made . Not only that , but it 's one of the best movies centered around a superhero I 've ever seen.Batman Begins takes the usual trademark elements of the Batman mythos -LRB- cape/cowl etc -RRB- and gives everything an origin that to this point had never been done before . The story involves two underknown Batman villains , retells the origin of Bruce Wayne becoming Batman and knows how to balance seriousness and fun -LRB- something the second film FORGOT to do ... -RRB- . The acting in this film is top-notch with Christian Bale making a terrific Bruce Wayne -LRB- and a fun over-the-top Batman -RRB- . Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , and Gary Oldman take on the iconic roles of Alfred , Lucius Fox and Commissioner Gordan while adding a certain class to the movie that was severly missing in the other Batman films.The special effects are great and includes some exciting action sequences -LRB- most memorably involving the tummbler through the streets of Gotham -RRB- . The DVD has the standard bells-and-whistles but nothing seemsto be able to over-shadow the movie itself . Again , to me this film is superhero perfection and more than worth the now cheap price on DVD .
 When I first went into the theaters to see this film I was hesitant in the knowledge that this film could of been a really good film , upstaging previous films or it could of been a poor excuse of a Batman movie , in which , the studio was trying to sqeeze every penny out of people as humanly possible before leaving the once great Batman to rest . However , I found the theartical movie very well done . Which leads me to this DVD version of Batman Begins.I found this DVD a well contrived movie in which there was a well written orgin story about what happened to Bruce Wayne and why he choose to become Batman . Furthermore , The editing of this movie seemed to be well done because the entire movie did flow well and as an audience member was able the follow what was going on without having to guess what was happening from scene to scene because of poorly done editing , which has been done before in other films not related to this one . On another note , the acting in this movie was well done and gave more life to the storyline and the characters that were involved with it . Overall , I found this film one of the few movies that has come out of Hollywood to be truly worth my time to watch the first time and worthy to be watched more than once .
 Batman is marvelous ! He makes 5-STAR films from the 1989 original , to the 2008 's Dark Knight film . He is the greatest , biggest , strongest , coolest , bravest , most electrifying superhero in the whole wide world ! I proudly rate all of his films 5-STARS ! My favorite part is when he takes down the criminal mastermins mob boss , Carmine Falcone , and wraps him around the Bat-Signal ! Christian Bale is the perfect actor for Batman , and Multi-billlionaire Bruce Wayne ! Christian Bale is the Greatest , Biggest , and collest !!!!! 5-STARS !!!!!!!
 What 's not to love about this movie . It 's got everything a good action movie should have and more . I 've always loved the Tim Burton `` Batman '' movies but they were good for their time and this is a new Batman , for a new day . The darker , edgier look of this movie is what I think most comic book fans want . I 'm really not saying anything you have n't probably already read . Oh yeah , it looks great in HD .
 Batman Begins -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- This movie and The Dark Knight are my two favorite batman movies so far . Wonderful acting by all . Great Story and effects and Christian Bale gives his all and does n't take the role as child 's play and that really sells it . The Batman movies , Spiderman movies and the original Superman movie with Christopher Reeves is how superhero movies should be done . Watch these before making a superhero movie directors . Yes I mean you .
 Batman has been at the heart of three of the four comic book movie revolutions . In the 1960 's , the original movie began the era of campy comic book movies . That era ended with the Michael Keaton Batman film which for the first time took the subject matter seriously and propelled comic book movies into a new phase . Successive projects marred the franchise and comic book movies effectively `` fell down '' until 1998 when Blade propelled comic book movies back on the right track . Finally , in 2005 Batman Begins became the greatest comic book movie of all time and created a new type of comic book movie that could only be described as epic in scope . The sheer scope of its plot , the depth of its plot , and the mythic nature of its presentation all give this film a majesty unparalleled by comic book movies before and to up to this date.Why is this movie so great ? David Goyer as always turns in a fantastic script . This is a man who understands logic when it comes to plot and he does n't introduce an element unless he plans on using it later in the movie . There is always payoff in a Goyer script . Christopher Nolan as director is a man who understands structure . This is a movie about rising action and beginings . Batman 's origins are interspersed between the beginning of his modern career and the traumatic events that shaped him in the past . This leads into the scenes in Gotham and his early outtings as Batman . Goyer and Nolan also give us a twist and play on our assumptions that movie creators do not care about the source material and will alter important elements to fit their vision . I ca n't say more without violating the `` no spoilers '' rule . Let it just be said that there is a revelation about Liam Neeson 's character that is such a twist that plays on our assumptions and our lack of faith in comic book movies of other franchises that puts things back on track and makes a lot of sense.Goyer and Nolan also show that they `` understand '' Batman . Basically Batman is the real guy and Bruce Wayne is just a persona that he puts on to take care of the minutiae of life . They also take us through all of the elements that we recognize about Batman and laying out logically why they exist and how they fit together . Why is Gordon the policeman that Bruce trusts ? Why does Bruce trust Lucius Fox to run the business with such little input from himself?I would be remiss if I did n't bring up the music . Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard 's score is just the right kind of music for this type of music . Its operatic and grand to give it the right kind of mytho-epic feel that this movie evokes . It can also be loud and quick giving us the kind of percussive beats that are necessary for the action packed sequences that rocket throughout the movie.No commentary would be complete without bringing up the cast . Christian Bale is perfect as Bruce and Batman , able to tread the line between the greedy playboy and the tough as nails superhero . Liam Neeson is brilliant as Ducard and his early scenes with Bruce have a nice mentor/student element to them and you can tell that these two men respect each other even though they have chosen different sides of the moral spectrum . Cillian Murphy is great as the deadpan control-freak psychiatrist , Dr Jonathan Crane . All of these stellar performances with great direction and writing lead to a delightful synergy that culminates in one of the great cinematic masterpieces of that era . I gush because it 's true.The DVD comes with tons of great extras about the making of this film from the sets to the martial arts . It 's a great set and I ca n't recommend it enough.Batman begins shows that even when the movie industry falls it can pick itself back up again . Watch the movie . It 'll probably be another decade before we see another comic book movie of this quality .
 This is n't a required prerequisite to `` The Dark Knight -LRB- + Digital Copy and BD Live -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- , '' but it is useful in the progression . I bought the movie specifically to add content to my Blu Ray collection . If you 're into the Batman series its worth the money for high def , if not wait for `` The Dark Knight . ''
 Hey man why did the person that said all kids did n't liked batman begins . Well I 'm 13 and I thought it was cool . Even my little brother liked it .
 I purchased this DVD and I have to say that it rocks ! I loved the storytelling of the movie which chronacles Batman 's early days which includes his training and his travels . I also liked the action that was featured in the movie -LRB- especially the train scene near the end of the movie -RRB- . This movie showcases Batman as he was meant to be seen : Dark , Brooding , and totally commited to the pursuit of justice.Any Batman or comic book fan sould purchase this DVD .
 This is the batman movie for all ages . This is the movie that I am proud to say is one of the best batman movies ever . In this movie you get the story of why bruce wyane became the dark night.Christen Bale played a great batman . I thought that Michel Keaton was the best but Bale nailed it.He makes you believe that he is the dark night . And the cast was great . Michel Caine is a great Alfread and Lieam Nelson is a great villan . This movie went back to the dark roots the way batman was supposed to be.This is a must see movie of the year .
 The DVD : You have a choice here , if you want to buy the DVD for the latest Batman movie . You can buy the wide or full screen versions , which should be reasonably priced , and contain this fine film and not much more in the way of special features.Or , you can spend more , and get the two-disc deluxe version , which has no less than 7 documentaries , a 72-page comic book and is for true Batman fans or those who really appreciate seeing just how much the format can offer.Your choice!The Movie : Batman Begins , this summer 's entry into the Batman film legacy , redefines the series . Director Christopher Nolan , who has already captivated me with his takes on `` Memento '' and the Al Pacino vehicle , `` Insomnia '' finds the story and the star to tell it . It 's a dark piece , and owes far less to the comic book than the Tim Burton versions . All of the action and adventure is tied to the psyche of the man who becomes the dark hero . I do n't think Nolan worried about that , because it is obvious that the fan base and the money men wanted a return of the harrowing aspects of the Dark Knight , following the successes in bringing the Marvel comics to the screen , and wanted the cartoon -LRB- Jim Carrey , Arnold Schwarzenegger , Batgirl and Poison Ivy -RRB- parts gone.To get there , Nolan relied on storylines and backdrops from the excellent graphic novels that have grown up around the Batman legend , then paired with David Goyer to write the screenplay . The result is that this film is far and away the best of the five , and edges out the third film in the Star Wars trilogy for the best big screen adventure movie of the year , so far.Christian Bale plays a stripped-down , emotionally unavailable Batman , and his character is thoroughly outlined . You know exactly what his demons are , and you go through the decision-making process he takes with Alfred -LRB- the outstanding Michael Caine -RRB- to build the Batcave , and find the identity of the hero who will finally make criminals feel his presence.The origin of Batman 's training , the ninja backdrop , and the presence of his fearful mentor , Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson , better as a Ninja than a Jedi -RRB- , open the film , and we see Bruce Wayne traversing through some of the most dangerous spots on the globe , in Asia , to meet the fearsome Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe , on the screen for too short a time -RRB- . Ghul is fighting against crime as well , but has chosen Gotham City , Bruce 's former home , as his battlefield . His League of Shadows wants to destroy the city , and the crime with it . Wayne can not go along with the plan , and his escape from the Tibetan stronghold is perilous and destructive.Wayne 's return to Gotham City introduces those he aligns himself with ; Assistant DA Rachel Dawes , a childhood friend -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- , Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman , a scientist at the Wayne foundation whose work has been buried by the big business aspirations of Empire Wayne and the head of the company , Mr. Earle -LRB- Rutger Hauer digs himself out of B movies for a guest shot -RRB- , a youngish police inspector , Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman in a great cameo -RRB- , and of course , the stylish presence of Alfred.The villains here in Gotham , the Scarecrow and mobster Carmen Falcone are less interesting than Ducard and his men , but , in the end , they nearly succeed in their own destruction of the city . Cillian Murphy was cast as the Dr. / Scarecrow , but I found his onscreen resemblance to Lara Flynn Boyle , albeit decked out as a guy , too distracting . Tom Wilkinson played Falcone with some over-the-top flair.The actual battle scenes are tense and inspiring , the Batmobile is undoubtedly a star of the movie all on its own . Camera shots and cinematography are second to none in this production , and all of it carries out Wayne 's / Batman 's message ... `` I went around the world , searched in all the shadows . And there is something out there in the darkness , something terrifying , something that will not stop until it gets revenge ... Me . ''
 One word , WOW , can only describe this movie!I 've seen every Batman prior to this one , andother than the 1989 version , this one is trulya superior pick.I do n't how the boys in Hollywood are gonnatop this one , simply amazing to imagine . Anyonewho does n't buy this movie because they do n't likeBatman , do not know what they 'll be missing . Thisfilm will more than likely change their opinionsif their curiousity will allow them to.One other word to describe it , Awesome .
 Just as good as the Original!A classic revived!Christan Bale rocks .5 Stars all the way !
 BATMAN BEGINS scraps the previous four execrable movies and returns to Batman 's roots , with this coming-of-age tale of Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- , brooding vigilante hero.Bruce , who blames himself for the death of his parents , seeks to understand the criminal mind by recklessly throwing himself into crime as another man might drown his sorrows in liquor . He eventually ends up in an Asian prison where he is found by Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who takes Bruce on as an initiate of the League of Shadows , vigilante ninja society extraordinaire.In the end , Bruce can not embrace the League of Shadows ' strictly black-and-white view of crime and criminals , destroys their stronghold , and returns to Gotham to clean up the place.It is fun to watch Bruce and his faithful butler/surrogate father , Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , assemble the Batman gear from the forgotten store of military prototypes at Wayne Enterprises.When the League of Shadows returns to Gotham to finish what they started , Bruce must fight and overcome his former mentor to save his not-so-fair city.Christian Bale gives a performance which makes all the previous Batmans laughable . Fans of the graphic novels will applaud this latest addition to the Batman series , and be more than willing to overlook -LRB- or be unaware of -RRB- the plot holes , scientific impossibilities , and historical inaccuracies.I , however , am too much of a science and history geek to suspend disbelief and simply enjoy a movie like this . I think anyone with a basic knowledge of how their home microwave oven works will think `` Wait a minute ... '' when the bad guys stand blithely around their microwave superweapon as it cooks Gotham 's water supply . -LRB- The human body is 90-what percent water ? -RRB- And the League of Shadows takes credit for introducing the plague rats to Europe -LRB- which time ? -RRB- , burning London in 1666 , and sacking Rome -LRB- which time ? -RRB- . Claiming credit for the Nazis would be just as ridiculous .
 Best Batman movie ever.There 's no comparing the other Batman films to this one.The special effects are grade A.The story is awesome.Batman Begins offers you all the great stuff you crave in superhero movies.You know how you look at the heroes ' weapons in movies and you would like to see more.Well Batman Begins gives you plenty of information and looks at his weapons and the Bat suit itself.Batmans enemies are great , he has alot of enemies one including his co-owner of Wayne Enterprises.This Batman movie is the best ever.To be honest it 's the best movie I seen in 2005 . But I did n't see Star Wars Es.III.But it beats any other flick out there.It 's 2 hrs . and 15 minutes long , so you get alot of action and Batman himself.I seen this movie twice already and it was good for the second time too.Go to the theaters and see this movie.Pick Batman Begins over Star Wars and Mr. Mrs. Smith , I promise you , you wo n't be disappointed.thanks god Tim Burton did n't direct this movie.superhero movies do n't need a freaky director.only smart ones that make good stories like Chis Nolan the director.He should win some kind of award for putting Batman back on the map and capturing the true like and story of the Dark Knight - Batman.Oh yea he 's not the cape Crusader anymore try `` Dark '' Knight.His character is dark , likeBatman is suppose to be .5 big stars.Batman Begins rocks !!
 We went and saw Batman Begins Wednesday night . I have to say , it was the best motion picture treatment of Batman , both the character and the story , I have ever seen . I have to give full credit to Christopher Nolan , who brought this film together . With his cast , which includes Christian Bale , Gary Oldman , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Tom Wilkinson , and Morgan Freeman -LRB- just to name a few -RRB- , Nolan has woven a great , dramatic tale of the birth of Batman , making it seem an inevitable , logical conclusion of the tragedy that befalls the young Bruce Wayne , and enfusing it with a sense of realism which all of the previous movies did not have . Do n't get me wrong , Gotham City has a taste to it which is not quite of our world today , but at the same time all of Batman 's gadgets appear realistic , and Bruce Wayne suffers from a bruised and bloodied body following a hard night out as Batman.The direction and cinematography are excellent , from the opening frame -LRB- with the flying bats suggesting the Batman logo -RRB- to the closing frames -LRB- the remnants of Wayne Manor , and the conversation with Gordon -RRB- . I appreciated how the first combat scene for Batman in Gotham kept Batman mostly out of sight , with only the sound of a flitting bat to suggest his prescence -- an enemy out of sight often conveys more fear.The acting is superb as well . I do believe that Bale was an excellent choice for the lead ; he brings an intensity to the role that others might have lacked . The supporting cast is all excellent , with a stand-out performance by Neeson , and a touching , human performance by Caine . Great choices here , all around.I 'm going to have to see this movie again , perhaps in IMAX .
 SINCE THE WONDERFUL TIM BURTON TO THE EXELLENTO JOEL SCHMANCHER PLUS THE MASTERPEICE CHRISTIPHOR NOLAN IS THE MASTERPEICE OS BATMAN SEQULES!I 'M SO GETTING ON DVD
 By Far the Best Batman to come out since the original with Michael Keaton , Christian Bale plays the role of Bruce Wayne perfectly . Excellent Movie
 `` Batman Begins '' is an interesting movie not only because of its storyline , which adopts a more `` real and crude '' , free of villains in disguise approach than the so-called anthology -LRB- Batman
 Great product -LRB- bought as a gift for my daughter -RRB- and wonderful customer service . I rarely buy stuff over the internet , but this purchase was a very good experience .
 Let me say first up , I love this film . Other superhero films have a tendency to be subject to the whims of their filmmakers -LRB- I 'm looking at you , Tim Burton -RRB- . As a result , I feel they do n't totally embrace their comic book roots . That 's not the case here.The film borrows heavily from the Denny O'Neil era only adds to its appeal , as this was my favourite perios of the Batman comics . This is also the first live-action Batman film where Ra 's Al Ghul is the main villain . It 's delightful to finally see such accomplished filmmakers pay tribute to one of Batman 's greatest enemies.And now onto the DVD itself . I bought the Special Edition which consists of two discs . The first disc contains the film . My untrained eye makes me the worst person to judge film transfer quality , but it looks pretty good to me . The biggest dissapointment is the lack of a commentary track from director Christopher Nolan , or the other main cast members.The 2nd disc contains documentaries on different aspects of making the film . Unfortunately , the docos are buried within a rather lackluster comic book . My suggestion ? Just scroll to the very end and click on the page icon . You 'll get a list of all the documentaries , which is much easier to navigate through . The docos do n't quite reach the heights of the Lord of the Rings Extended Editions , but they still make for interesting and informative viewing.In summary , if you loved Batman Begins then I strongly recommend buying this Special Edition . I 'm taking one star off for the ridiculous comic book on the 2nd Disc . But this disc is worth buying based purely on the film alone .
 Great Movie and great quality dvd ! It fit nicely into my collection . I ca n't wait for the next one to hit theaters !
 Batman Begins is the best Batman film made to date . Easily eclipsing the many previous versions . Christian Bale is as always excellent in the leading role and he is supported by a first-rate cast including Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman.The film starts by covering his early years as he travels the globe studying different types of criminal and the ways in which he can fight them . The culmination of this is the training in the temple with Ducard -LRB- Lima Neeson -RRB- . This is a marvellously well done sequence and probably the highpoint of the film . Its also in this sequence that you will realise that the film is really not for young children -LRB- it has a 12 rating anyway -RRB- . There are disturbing images and sequences in this film.At a little over two hours , the film does remarkably well in holding your interest , and it is only in the last section of the film that it lets itself down at all . The ending was a little too blockbuster oriented for my liking and slightly out of place with the brilliance of the rest of the film . Do n't let this put you off though , because overall , and taking into account the extras disc , this is well worth getting .
 Batman Begins , well for me it began in the fifies with Batman & Robin , i cut up my mothers black silk long evening dress and made a cloak and mask head gear , wow !!! he live at night climbing over roof tops jumping of , silently entering up on his enemies , my , my it was fun.Long comes Christian Bale , unknown to me , but he put the part into reality once again , no jokes , serious , dedicated , physically trained , strong and committed . Truly a well put together story , the action makes this the classic Batman . The action and acting of Bale and our loveable Michael Cain fits well together . Great movie , when the dark Knight comes out lets hope the use Bale again and he comes to the call.Put it in your library , this is the classic.Luddy
 I am a comic book movie fan and thought they did a fantastic job depicting Batman and his darker complexities with this film . Christian Bale was an excellent choice . A far cry from Michael Keaton .
 The best Batman.No campy or goofy lines here . it 's a more realistic film with plenty of action and adventure.The characters are stronger here than in the earlier films.Great film if you like Batman .
 This is what Batman is supposed to be like in a movie.Batman Begins is filled with action and great acting.We get perfect performences by the actors.Christian Bale is the best Batman I 've seen yet.This is the best Batman movie out there so if you liked Batman the movie you will love Batman Begins .
 For once a Batman film catches the edgy darkness required to make it all the more apetizing.This time around Batman does alot more then just prowl dark alleys in search of baddies.The main enemy -LRB- Scare Crow -RRB- is n't all to powerful , but is innovative with many tricks up his sleeve making him a much trickier opponent the nin previous Batman films.Scare Crow is n't shown too much thoug hi nthe film wich is kinda odd as he 's the main Villian.Many May enjoy the fact that this shows a long indepth view of Batmans life and past in order for hi mto become such a powerhouse.The movie seems alot more realsitic and grim , but still has enough time to throw in some pretty hilarious jokes.The movie also has a point carried through the entire film , it 's all about fear and to face it.All of Batmans large inventery has been updated into the modern scene.The Bat mobile has never looked nicer.Scenes in the movie are presented in widescreen very clear and crisp.The plot is very original and this movie can apeal to a large array of people.Overall a must rent and a potential must have .
 I would recommend Batman Begins because it has a lot of action andbecause it had good movie flow.My experience with the film was good . I would watch it again because it was packed with action and exciting things happening all the time during the movie . I would also watch it again because the way that they went from scene to scene . It had good transitions between scenes.There was a lot of action in this movie . Some good examples of this was when the person that killed Bruce 's parents was coming out of the court house after being convicted of murder . Bruce shows up at the courthouse to kill this person , but somebody else shot and killed him instead . Or when they are on the train and it is going to crash because the tracks have been blown out ahead . Batman puts his last touch on the bad guy and exits the ripped in half train through the big opening in the back using his cape . One other scene that was funny and full of action was when Bruce was trying to get the medicine to his girl friend . He was speeding through the highway and on the rooftops is his car that looked like a tank , but could go really fast and could jump great distances .
 I was very happy with this movie . I think Christian Bale did an outstanding job . I really liked the way they covered the `` origin '' of Batman.And , of course , Morgan Freeman is great , and the batmobile is awesome ! I think the story line flows perfectly . Overall , this is an A + movie . I have seen it several times , and I always enjoy it !
 I loved this movie . It is an instant classic with up to date special effects . I also noticed book elements from `` The Count Of Monte Cristo '' by Alexandre Dumas in it . Overall , a classic , buy yours today .
 i had been long anticipating this movie after being a little less than satisfied with the previous batman movies . no previous batman film has been very memorable . while entertaining , they seemed more like that of a child 's view of batman . batman begins bring the previous movies to shame . christian bale is cast perfectly as batman , and the movie shows a more in depth look at batman 's past before he ever wore the suit , and more importantly why he decides to become batman . the film is intelligent and well worth seeing several times over .
 Batman Begins is an entertaining movie that has good action and gimmicks . There is really not a lot of depth , but these type of movies do n't need a lot of depth . Here 's why it 's a 5 stay film :1 -RRB- The overall story is interesting and flows very well .2 -RRB- A number of top notch actors give good performances .3 -RRB- The movie stays on track in does n't get side tracked by focusing too much on a particular villian , as some of the previous Batman movies did .4 -RRB- Christian Bale is one of the best Batmans we 've seen . He comes across as a legitimate Bruce Wayne , someone who is a little secretive but who we can still get to know . I always felt that Val Kilmer was too aloof and Michael Keaton does n't seem tough enough .5 -RRB- The special effects are very good.All in all , there 's a lot to like about this film . I 's one of the most fun movies to watch of this year . Just be prepared for fun and action , because you 're not going to get a real deep drama .
 finally , a batman movie true to the comics.i did n't like the 4 previous batman movies but i loved this movie !! i 'm picky when it comes to batman but this one remains true to the character . i have the deluxe edition dvd and its great.highly recommended for `` real '' batman fans .
 This is one of the best batman films yet . Some people just do n't get what this films about . That 's because most of these people have never even picked up a batman comic in their life . And just reading a story or two dos n't mean that you know batman . This is more darker , the way a batman film should be . This is definetly better than Batman forever and batman and robin . and if you liked tim burtons version of batman then you 'll love this .
 In the music industry , super-groups are well reviewed and tend to top the charts . Super-groups are , in case you were n't aware , when members from one band and members from another band merge together to form a new band . Velvet Revolver , Audioslave , and A Perfect Circle are examples of that . With movies , you rarely see two filmmakers put their heads together and create something really good . With `` Batman Begins '' that 's what you get.You have the writer/director of `` Memento '' and the writer of the 3 movies in the `` Blade '' trilogy . That 's a smart pairing up and it did n't go to waste . `` Batman Begins '' is a wonderful film , in many ways . As a comic book adaptation , as pure entertainment , the art direction and cinematography are great and the cast is unbeatable . Going back to the previous 4 Batman movies , there are several things that are wrong with them . The first two Batman movies -LRB- Batman & Batman Returns -RRB- were directed by Tim Burton and had Michael Keaton as the masked man . The films had a very gothic , creepy feeling to them ; but Michael Keaton could n't really pull of tough . Do n't get me wrong , I love both of those films though . Joel Schumacher took over directing for the next two films -LRB- Batman Forever & Batman and Robin -RRB- and took a different approach . Those films were more like cartoonish black comedies ; and the actors that were chosen to play Batman were n't that great either . Val Kilmer was too serious , George Clooney was too charismatic . Both are great actors and again , I enjoyed both films ... But , I do n't know . This film is more of an action film/drama that has a serious tone to it . It 's dark , but not really gothic . We also have our protagonist Batman being like the comic book character . He 's a reserved , reclusive billionaire instead of a womanizing , charming , billionaire . The film does n't have your typical Batman feel to it , either ... I 'll explain . First of all , Batman does n't appear in the film -LRB- by that I mean Bruce Wayne donning the cape -RRB- until 61 minutes in . In fact , most of the first half of the movie takes place in Japan or somewhere simalar and feels like `` The Last Samurai . '' Ironically , a star from that film appears in this movie as well . Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale , who hits all the right notes -RRB- is in a prison in Japan or China -LRB- I get confused -RRB- when a man named Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- gets him out and begins training him , so Bruce can join The League of Shadows ; an elite team of heavily trained ninjas that is run by a man named Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe , ` The Last Samurai ' -RRB- . After passing all the tests and realizing that The League is n't for him , he leaves the place in ruins and returns to his home in Gotham City . Gotham City is a crime ridden town , that 's run by a mafia boss -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- and Bruce feels it 's up to him to fix things . It 's a perfect cover too , because everyone in Gotham is under the impression that Bruce is dead.So , with the help of his trusty butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine , who replaces Pat Hingle who played Alfred in all four films -RRB- , an employee of Wayne Enterprises named Lucius Fox -LRB- a wonderful Morgan Freeman -RRB- , a semi-love interest named Rachel -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- , and Detective Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- ; Bruce takes crime fighting into his own hands . Cillian Murphy -LRB- ` Red Eye ' -RRB- plays the main-villain , who turns out to not even be the `` head villain guy '' Scarecrow . Oddly enough , Murphy seems to be blending both the roles he played in `` Breakfast on Pluto '' and `` Red Eye '' for this role . The character he plays is very flamboyant , but maintains a cold icy stare . Anyway , the cinematography and art direction are absolutely wonderful . This is the best looking Gotham City we 've seen on the screen yet . The dialogue is really good ; Everything looks different . And the movie is done in a serious way . Nothing cartoonish about this . Everyone plays their roles to perfection ; Bale proves his versatilty , Caine and Freeman are wonderful to watch , Gary Oldman is like a chameleon blending into his role . I also like how they bring in a female character -LRB- Rachel -RRB- as a potential love interest , but nothing comes of it . It really does justice to Batman . Anyway , despite what Ebert & Roeper said , I do n't think this was one of the best films of 2005 . I think it was the best comic-book based film of 2005 and I think it 's the best Batman movie so far ; but that 's because none of the other ones are taken seriously . Spiderman is a semi-dramatic comedic action film . X-Men are action films.Fantastic Four was a comedy . It 's a nice break ; Fans of the comics or fans of writer/director Christopher Nolan should be pleased.GRADE
 Gracias a Dios por Nolan que alejo a Batman de los batitrajes con pezones , de Robin queriendo ser un hombrecito y de Schwarzenneger . Este es Batman como deberia ser
 The title says it all . While I liked some of the others , this is the only one I bought on DVD and now HD DVD . The picture quality is stunning . This also has the Dolby True HD soundtrack -LRB- need to upgrade to version 2.0 firmware on the Toshiba A1 to play it -RRB- , but frankly I could not tell the difference between it and Dolby Digital Plus . But either is a noticeable improvment over Dolby Digital . This is one of the must-have titles in HD DVD .
 This movie does n't just raise the benchmark for comic to big screen translations , it reestablishes the more subtle and realistic style of action flick . Gone are the gross absurdities of the Matrix and cartoonish violence of Kill Bill , and in their place is an action flick fit to compete with the best of the James Bond movies . It 's well written , directed deftly and manages to be both true to the essence of Batman and a worthy movie unto itself .
 Batman is a thread in the fabric of everyday life in the U.S. . There are n't many little boys who have n't once dreamed of being Batman.Batman is different from Superman , the X-Men , Spiderman , Aquaman , or the Green Lantern - he 's simply a man . He has no super human powers . He does n't fly , was n't bitten by a radioactive spider , is n't a mutant , and can not breathe underwater . Batman is nothing more than the secret identity of the very human Bruce Wayne.Bruce sought solice in revenge and empowerment in order to fight the very forces of evil that destroyed his family . Oh , he 's a very priviledged man -LRB- he 'd have to be in order to have access to all the very expensive gadgetry that he has at his command -RRB- , but he 's still nothing more than a very strong man - with a iron steel will and fortitude that is quite oftem more strong and resourceful than any of those displayed by the super humans elsewhere written about in comics.Batman Begins takes us on a journey as described in the Dark Knight comic series . It reinvented the Batman in a very human and more accessible manner . The film does the same.Nolan 's Gotham City may not be New York , but it IS a city from the look of it , not some nightmare vision of a city as Burton envisioned.Rather than create a nonexistent mythos , Nolan gives us believabe corporate greed and believably corrupt police . Even the `` super villain '' of the film is one that is truly grounded in reality
 I saw this movie at the movie theater and I loved it . I liked how they made it kind of horror and action . And I liked how they made it so you get to see how Batman became Batman , so it 's my favorite movie now .
 This is an good HD Movie excellent sound and video , BUY IT .
 This is the best version of Batman to ever hit the screen . It beat Tim Burton 's 1989 version all to pieces and back again . It is dark , stylish , and true enough to the comics to make die hards happy without alienating moviegoers who are not up to speed on the comics . Think of it as a wink wink , nudge nudge by use of character names only comic readerswould know.The cast is absolutely superb . Christian Bale brings just the right amount of tormented soul to Bruce Wayne , Michael Caine is perfect as Alfred , and Katie Holmes is as pretty as always . Add in the usual fantastic performances by Morgan Freeman and Liam Neesom , and you have the best comic book based film ever.Please suppot this film so we can get bigger and better movies featuring comic book characters .
 This title is a defenite must own for all HD-DVD users
 If you own an HD DVD player , this movie is a must have . If you do not own a player yet , got buy one now and get this movie !
 Finally , another Batman movie that DOES N'T suck ! The last good one was `` Batman Returns '' ... `` Batman Forever '' had its moments , but thats where it went downhill , & the lame & totally stupida $ $ `` Batman & Robin '' was both a waste of time & money . I remember watching THAT one , & almost halfway through , I was like `` what a peice of s #it retarted f@#king movie ! '' But this one is very good . I 've heard there is a sequel to this one curently in the works with CHristian Bale as Batman again ... hopefully it 'll be another good one & not something lame . But only time will tell I guess ...
 `` Batman Begins '' is impressive ! Christian Bale is excellent as Bruce Wayne / Batman . Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Morgan Freeman , and Gary Oldman led a solid supporting cast that has Katie Holmes , Cillian Murphy , Tom Wilkinson , Rutger Hauer , and Ken Watanabe in it . Christopher Nolan 's directing is impressive . The screenplay by Nolan and David S. Goyer -LRB- who also wrote the Blade Movies -RRB- and the story by Goyer is brilliant . The music by James Newton Howard & Hans Zimmer is very impressive . The cinematography -LRB- Oscar nominated -RRB- by Wally Pfister is excellent . The film editing by Lee Smith is excellent . The casting by John Papsidera & Lucinda Syson is excellent . The production design by Nathan Crowley is very impressive . The art direction by Peter Francis , Stuart Kearns , Paul Kirby , Simon Lamont , Steven Lawrence , David Lee , Patrick Lumb , Shane Valentino , Su Whitaker is very impressive . The set decoration by Paki Smith is very impressive . The costume design by Lindy Hemming is very impressive . This is one of the year 's best and one of the best comic book movies in recent history since `` Spider-Man 2 '' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .
 Finally , a stylish and intelligent Batman movie that I found engrossing from beginning to end . Played straight by a superb cast , Christopher Nolan 's smart take on the Dark Knight was beautifully rendered by all concerned . A wonderful noir look to the film that did not rely on full-frontal CGI , this Batman avoided winking at the audience or mocking its own characters.Nearly a full third of the movie gives us a deeper background to the troubled hero , and his lost seven years of self-discovery . I found every aspect of the film smart , well-thought-out , and as logical as something like this could be . The dialogue worked for me , and the characters , played by this dream cast , had some depth and complexity . And finally , the action was terrific . This Batman attacks from and retreats back into darkness . And darkness is the theme.I often find amusing the complaints of people about a film like this . If you want Shakespeare , go see Shakespeare . If you want a comic book , read a comic book . This is high class , highly intelligent movie making , done with style and panache and enough substance to satisfy most of us . And it is great good fun .
 I did n't think the kid could pull off the newest version of the Dark Knight , but he does at least as good a job as Michael Keaton and actually comes off more dark - although contrived in places.The story follows the origin of Batman but does not stick with the Tim Burton storyline . For one , Batman 's parents are not killed by Jack Napier - the criminal who becomes the Joker . Commissioner Gordon also has his relationship bridged to Batman in this film but again , it does n't follow the original 1990 film version.The SCARECROW is not the scarecrow you might have remembered . They water down this particular villain so much that he looks little more than a drop in a bucket . In truth , he is merely the `` pawn '' of a much greater evil.Once again , we see Liam Neeson portraying the mentor type -LRB- See also Star Wars Episode One , Gangs of New York , and Kingdom of Heaven -RRB- , as he teaches a young Bruce Wayne all about the ways of fighting technique and skill . It is notable that young Bruce already possesses some knowledge of the martial arts . No explanation is given in how he came to know some very remarkable moves.BEFORE YOU BELIEVE THE HYPE ABOUT THIS BEING THE BEST INSTALLMENT in the Batman series , watch it first . Even with the great acting ensemble -LRB- Morgan Freeman , Bale , Gary Oldman , Holmes , Nolan -RRB- , the original Batman still has a slight edge in my opinion due to the Nicholson performance and deeper sense of darkness surrounding Michael Keaton 's portrayal of the Batman character . That 's not the say the style of the original is better . This current Batman film has some of the best shots I 've ever seen in the series.Hans Zimmer provides a typical Hans Zimmer score , which is , as usual , captivating.This is right there with the original in terms of depth and acting . The storyline is a bit more believable but folks , this is based on a comic book . If you 're looking for reality , try the Independent Film Channel.As close to excellent as they get , without actually arriving there .
 hi , I will not go on like all the others . BATMAN BEGINS is fantastic . detailed background-story , romance , action and very good special effects . forget all the other BATMAN movies-via TIM BURTON and JOEL SCHUMACHER-they have nothing on this movie . a wonderful director CHRISTOPHER NOLAN should get high praise for his vision and version . he made movies like FOLLOWING , MEMEMTO and INSOMINIA-people who love movies should take note and follow his career . a star ! , finally is the wonderful actor CHRISTIAN BALE -- he has many movies to his credit but this will make him a star . go see this movie-you WILL be disappointed if you do not . my personal HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION . this will be one of the years best movies -- I promise .
 Christopher Nolan did an incredible job with this movie ! Out of all of the Batman movies i 've seen , this ones my favorite .
 I love all of the batman movies . I did n't want to watch this one at first because it did n't seem to fit with the batman stories , but I finally broke down and watched it . Twice . I loved it !
 A well made movie on blu-ray , ca n't complain . I love comic book movies and this is one of the best .
 If you are not a fan of the new Batman , you should be . This is a great movie and very stunning in BR . We love this movie , but I warn you that it is a bit dark . It is not the Saturday morning Batman .
 Christopher Nolan did a great job on this film , both the time of production , and budget of production . Great Flick !
 This is by far the best Batman series I have seen . It is closer to the dark comics I read as a child and I am looking forward to the second movie The Dark Knight .
 Just to make it clear some other reviews are saying that they dislike this movie and it alters things in the Batman universe and that it all feels a little strange changing or challenging what we already know.The only problem with this is that the reviews making this kind of idiotic statement are taking the original batman movies -LRB- by Tim Burton -RRB- as gospel and saying that changes to there earlier series of movies is of putting is simply ridiculous . For example in Batman Begins it is Joe Chill , as in the comics , who killed Bruce Wayne 's parents not the Joker . The fact that this movie stays true to the source material should be applauded not question by no nothings who give it 3star reviews for challenging their myopic view of the caped crusader.I was a huge fan of the first two Tim Burton movies but the time as finally come to relegate them to the third and forth spot as greatest batman movies with Batman Begins edging out the superb Mask Of the Phantasm in to second place.As a fan of Batman and movies in general if another comic adaptation reaches these heights again I will be very impressed .
 Here 's the link -- > audiostreet.net/phatsk8traxjentaki76The song is called BATMAN BEGINS -LRB- 2 get FUNKED UP ! -RRB- Check it out & holla back with any comments!This flick is going 2 be awesome !
 THE TIME MAGIZINE SAID THAT BATMAN BEGINS IS GOING TO BE A BUMPY STORYLINE.I DO N'T THINK SO !!! CHRISTOPHER NOLAN MADE A MASTERPEICE ONCE AND FOR ALL !!! `` BATMAN SERIES IS N'T A SERIES ! `` SAYS EVERYONE . `` THEY KEEP CHANGING WHO IS BATMAN !!! `` I KNOW IT IS REALLY TRUE , BUT WH CARES?IT 'S STILL A MASTERPIECE SERIES !!!
 I 've been a Batman fan since I was 10 years old . I loved him because he was an ordinary human ... no super powers . Plus he was dark and had the worst criminals shaking in their boots . Adam West certainl did n't fit the bill . And while Michael Keaton in the 1989 movie was significantly better , the movie was really about Nicholson 's Joker.CHristian Bale portrayed the Batman exactly as intended , a frightening , obsessed vigilante who used his brain , martial arts , and tools to find and apprehend criminal scum . I only wish Bob Kane , the creator of Batman , had lived to see this film . He would have loved it too .
 To lazy eye I see that you do n't have an imagination in comics so do n't come back reviewing on anything about comics untill you learn about them . This is a great movie . If not this is the must watch movie of the year . I hope the sequal will be as good as this . And for people who did n't like this movie yes they are making a sequal .
 And not just a great Batman movie but a great film ! I was in awe at how fantastic this movie was that I saw it twice in IMAX ! The acting , direction , pacing , f/x , set design , etc. ... all top notch.The film is an `` action film '' but also very thought-provoking and inspiring . The world of `` Batman Begins '' is so real and believable , yet fantastical enough to sweep you away . Comical at times , yet frighteningly horrific at times . Lots of twists and turns with plenty of characters for all kinds of sub-plots . I 'm amazed they packed it with so much and still kept it moving right along . I 'm curious to see an `` extended cut '' should one ever become available . Pay attention to the little details for some `` answers '' to lingering questions.Looked and sounded awesome on the big screen ; I expect it to hold up well on a nice DVD home theater set-up . So , if you have n't seen it yet , see it ! Just make sure it is not on a tiny TV or laptop , etc. I ca n't imagine how a sequel to this film could compete as this was one tough act to follow . I did read a few negative reviews on here and quite frankly , I have to shake my head at those . I 'm a tough critic myself that typically loathes Hollywood garbage but how could you not think this movie is AT LEAST pretty decent ? Did we see the same film ?! Anyway , 95 % of the reviews all over the world about this film are very positive so that should speak volumes.Batman - ok , decentBatman Returns - not very goodBatman Forver - barely passableBatman and Robin - awful , unwatchableBatman Begins - INCREDIBLE!Kudos to the cast and crew of BATMAN BEGINS !
 It 's a shame this movie had to arrive in 2005 , because it makes previous Batman movies completely obsolete.Taking cues from the original - strong storytelling , character development , good visuals - Batman Begins feels like a completely new Batman , because in many ways it is ; it 's a return to strong storytelling.Whereas previous Batman movies -LRB- Returns , Forever , Batman and Robin -RRB- felt hollow in spots , this one under new direction from Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento -RRB- , feels more complete . Given that it is long -LRB- 140 minutes -RRB- , dark , and the first hour of the film is all exposition , that 's a huge achievement . The striking difference with `` Begins '' is the details
 This movie was good , and the second one was even better . The third one was a piece of poop though
 I was never a fan of the Batman series - until this movie came out . In my opinion , this is the best Batman movie as it shows how he unveils his alter-ego . There has never been a better Batman than Christian Bale . He is strong and vulnerable , human and fictitious , dark and yet real . Michael Caine and Gary Oldman are great casts in their respective characters of Alfred and Jim Gordon whereas Katie Holmes gives a rather expected low performance of Bruce 's childhood friend Rachel . Her facial expressions remain the same throughout every scene , and she is the only downfall to the movie cast .
 The ultimate argument of `` Batman Begins '' is that Batman is really more like Superman than we have suspected . The two DC comic book superheroes have always been like night and day , with Batman prowling Gotham City at night relying on only his finely honed human abilities while Superman uses his superpowers for truth , justice , and the American way . But one of the things that made Superman unique was that he really is Superman , the strange visitor from another planet
 This latest Batman flick is much better than previous films . It has a totally different feel , and seems much more up to date . The first time I saw it , the movie kept me awake on an overnight flight from the UK ! This film explains so much about the series , and how Batman came to be . Action packed , great cast , and a little humor built in . . it 's well worth checking out .
 When I first heard of this movie I thought , `` Not another one ! '' , and I could n't see what they could add to the story . Well , I was wrong -- they could and did add a lot to the back story of Batman . And , not only that , they made the best of all the Batman movies yet!The always great Morgan Freedman plays a -LRB- James Bond 's -RRB- `` Q '' type character , and helps Batman come up with all his familiar devices we so love from the stories . It is interesting to see them in development -- as it is to see Bruce Wayne develop into the formidable Batman.Christian Bale plays the part of Batman beautifully , and very believably , and of course having Liam Neelson in your movie is always a big plus . Despite what you may have heard re Liam 's part , it is NOT the same as his part in Star Wars , tho it seems so at first as you watch.If you like Batman , or even if you do n't , this is a `` must see '' movie !
 While not a comic book fan , I did enjoy the Tim Burton Batman films . However , this new take on the Batman legacy is by far my favorite . It rates near the top with Spider-Man 2 as my all-time favorite super-hero films.The characters were human and the relationships genuine . The chemistry of the cast is fantastic -LRB- though I have a hard time thinking of a film I did n't like with Morgan Freeman or Michael Caine -RRB- . Hollywood cliches are deftly avoided and the `` love interest '' story line rode the fine line between being the focus of the film and avoiding the irrelevant fluff often seen in action films.This was one of the few films in the past few years that was on my `` must have '' list .
 movie was great . christian bale with his shirt off -LRB- in one scene -RRB- was FANTASTIC ! ca n't wait for the sequel ! more skin !!!
 Tim Burton 's carnival film noir atmosphere is gone and Joel Schumacher 's campiness is shelved . What is left is a straightforward Batman adventure whom everyone thought would have to be director-proof . BATMAN BEGINS is what some say is the `` they-finally-got-it-right '' Batman movie . Director Christopher Nolan 's vision seems to be what everyone can agree on , as Batman/Bruce Wayne does n't play second fiddle to the villain -LRB- s -RRB- in this film . He is definitely at the forefront of the story . Christian Bale is the most intense and angry Bruce Wayne so far in the series and his Batman is even angrier . The origin of Batman is explored with greater depths and one of the key ingredients is the character of Bruce Wayne 's father Thomas Wayne played by Linus Roache , who comes off as interesting a character as Bruce Wayne . The story by co-screenwriters Nolan and David S. Goyer is multi-layered and involving tying in Batman 's origin with a plot of an ancient secret society to destroy Gotham City . An impressive cast in this film surrounds Christian Bale . Gary Oldman who has made a career of playing evil characters is terrific as the pre-commissioner James Gordon -LRB- he 's a police lieutenant in Batman 's early days -RRB- . Gordon is given more depth and character in this film than in the previous films . The other standouts are Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox -LRB- playing a sort of James Bond 's `` Q '' character -RRB- and Michael Caine as Alfred the butler . When Alfred/Caine utters the one phrase `` Never ! '' to Bruce Wayne 's / Bale 's `` You have n't given up on me yet ! '' , it is the single best line in the whole film ! With the three powerhouse support characters , it is hard to remember that Liam Neeson , Tom Wilkinson , and Rutger Hauer also round out the cast . Lastly , Chicago is the backdrop for the fictionalized Gotham City and the film seems to break out from the restraints and confines of Anton Fursts set designs of the first films bringing the film more into the modern world . This is a great re-introduction of Batman to the motion picture scene and a needed boost for the Batman franchise . This reviewer hopes that the last scene with Gordon showing Batman the `` calling card '' of a certain villain is just the tip of the iceberg of what 's in store of great things to come .
 Do yourself a favor and make an appointment at REKALL to have the memory of all previous BATMAN films erased from your memory banks . THIS IS THE BATMAN YOU ARE LOOKING FOR . A dark and gritty fairy tale that is wholly grounded in the real world , this extreemly well written , well acted , and expertly directed tale of a true human icon shines above all in it 's field and most in it 's medium . BALE is uncompromising as a tough and realistic Dark Knight . He is the coolest . The character tics he gives BRUCE WAYNE and his alter ego are great . The fact that BATMAN speaks like a pissed off pitbull adds to the realism of why , if you were a criminal , a 6 foot guy in a batsuit would scare the crap out of you . Every character in this epic is expertly fleshed out and superbly acted by a stellar dream cast . The second hero in this story is director CHRISTOPHER NOLAN , who brought this masterpiece in early and underbudget . What a pro . I went into this flick wondering if it would be boring due to the origin arc . I was glad to be wrong , this baby is packed with the kind of kinetic action that leaves you panting with an adrenalin enduced high . The TUMBLER is , simply put , kick ass . Probably the coolest movie car EVER . You might think when described as ' a car chase on the rooftops of GOTHAM ' that you 're in for some real cheesiness . You 're not . The sequence is down right supercool . BATMAN BEGINS is the best movie I 've experienced in a quite some time and the DVD is a must buy , with great sound and picture , some cool extras and even a comic book to boot . Great , GREAT movie .
 Christian Bale is gorgeous ! Batman Begins the best pre-quel and Batman movie I have ever seen including Burton 's original . Bale is the perfect Batman , dark and mysterious Michael Caine the perfect butler humorous in his care taking . Other roles well cast as well , Katie Holmes is convincing and sexy and did I say , Christian Bale is gorgeous !
 Bale has to be the best actor with enough charisma to become believeable as a super hero . Even so I had a few negatives
 I purchased this movie a few weeks before the Dark Knight debuted in theaters . I give it a 4/5 star only because there are almost no bonus features whatsoever on this disc . It is the movie only . Otherwise this is an excellent film for any comic book or batman fan .
 The Good Things * Some good action scenes , especially at the end . Special effects are very unique . * Excellent filming style and cinematography . It 's a little choppy and weird , but also very detailed and vivid . Also very dark , moody , and realistic . * Storyline is great , and makes perfect sense as long as you pay attention . * Less emphasis on outlandish bad guys and gadgets and stuff and greater emphasis on fighting crime on the streets and doing actual police-type work . * What gadgets Batman does have are realistically introduced . There is a logical explanation for everything he has and where it all came from . * Characters are phenomenal . Bruce Wayne 's evolution from a fightened boy to a hardened fear-inspiring crime fighter is very convincing and deep . Acting is good . * In conjunction with the characterizations , this movie also has very strong themes about fear , destiny , and human preserverance . This film was way heavier than I would have ever thought . * Excellent music.The Bad Things * A little slow for the first hour or so . * Some fight scenes are so choppy and fastly-cut that they are hard to really see -LRB- but it is a more intense style -RRB- . * If you 're looking for the classic campy Batman , this is definately not it . May be too dark and serious for some people -LRB- but this is probably more closer to what Batman was originally like -RRB- . This is the darkest , deepest , most serious version of Batman yet . It is also closer to what Batman should really be like , and above all , has some very deep meaning in the character that I would have never caught onto before -LRB- Bruce using his own fear to instill fear into others ; fear is a very strong theme throughout -RRB- . It is surprisingly complex , but the dialogue and acting makes it all very understandable . And of course , the plot is great and ties everything together into one complete circle . Combined with a strong visual style , this is definately one of the best superhero movies made to date.If they keep this up , I seriously hope that they will turn the `` Knightfall '' comics into a movie too ... All versions of this movie have good video and audio quality -LRB- great on Blu-ray , naturally -RRB- . The one-disc version has a trailer . The two-disc has a bunch of featurettes and a funny MTV movie awards skit . The Blu-ray disc has all of the same plus the first six minutes of the `` Dark Knight '' -LRB- filmed with an IMAX camera ! -RRB- .
 Batman has been aound ever since the 40 's and is still regarded as one of the most critically acclaimed super dynamic mega ultra hyper beamer heroes without poweres of all time . The movie is a modern storytelling of the Batman franchise , it is a much more realistic retelling of the series.Unlike previous Batman movies , this movie explains the psychology and mythology . This movie is great but the next one `` THE DARK KNIGHT '' is a a masterpeice because of the late Heath Ledger who plays a masterful JOKER / . / k ; la
 this film has great action and good acting and a great plot . the makings of a great movie another reason to get this movie is it will explain things for the new movieThe Dark Knight -LSB- Theatrical Release -RSB- this movie is awsome and both go together perfect so if you want to see the dark knight you should see this movie batman begins .
 This movie goes into great detail on the origin on one the greatest superheroes of all time . This film anwers all the questions about Batman that the first film did n't bother to tell . Questions like
 This is a must have for any HD player owner . The movie is fantastically written and the clarity of the picture makes the fast paced action scenes and SFX spectacular . The HD movie also allows for a disk cram packed with special features on how they trained for the movie and intricate fight scenes . Although I usually avoid the extras , they are ones that should n't be missed .
 Great DVD , get this if you like to see the extras and behind the scenes .
 '' ` Batman Begins ' at last penetrates to the dark and troubled depths of the Batman legend . '' - Roger Ebert , douching himself once again .
 To begin , I 'd like to thank Christopher Nolan and Warner Brothers for not only resurrecting the Dark Knight from the trash bin -LRB- thanks to Schumacher -RRB- , but for giving this character a new fresh start . As a fan of Frank Miller 's Batman
 I had a hard time getting used to this movie at first ... they re-wrote the batman back story to fit this movie , and a few other continuity goofs -LRB- with the batman back story , like the dates -RRB- but after a while , I realized this was an UPDATE to the story . Then I began to really like it , and let go of the old story , and accept it for what it is
 This was one of the greatest batman movies i ever seen prior to the dark knight . At first I did not think I was going to like it . I mean afterall I always thought no one can do batman as good as Micheal Keaton . Christian Bale proved it he can do batman in his own way . I reccomend everyone to watch this and the sequel to it The Dark Knight .
 The product was excellent and the transaction was fast , accurate and flawless . It is a great product with prompt , couteous service .
 This is a great transfer . And the 5 minute prologue gives you a sweet taste of how great The Dark Knight will look on Blu ray .
 It seems I have been waiting my whole life for a Batman movie like this one . I only wish it was the first one . Its very satisfying to see the character done right .
 The BD version takes the SD version to a whole new level ! The colors are brighter , the clarity even better and the audio is fantastic - just as you would expect with a great movie in a full HD format . The only flaw is that this disk starts up rrrreeeeaaallllyyyy slow - so slow that I was all ready to send it back to Amazon for a replacement when I tossed it into our player -LRB- Samsung BD-P1400 , firmware dated 09/08 -RRB- one last time and then got distracted by a phone call ; when I returned , the movie was up and running like normal . Our family estimates that it takes about 3 minutes to bring up the main menu ... Outside of this flaw , everything else is great .
 This movie is superb , and the blu-ray edition is great . It looks fantastic , and the bonus footage of the first 6 minutes of `` The Dark Knight '' is probably the best looking stuff I 've seen so far on my t.v.
 Interested in expanding my BD collection , while I was at Barnes and Noble , I checked the price on this product . $ 40 ! Bewildered , I pulled out my phone and checked the price on Amazon . Much better ! A few days later I made the purchase , and it 's amazing how much deeper the darks look , and how much brighter the lights look in this movie on blu-ray ! I love it . I would recommend this product to anyone who likes the movie , and to anyone who saw the Dark Knight who has n't seen this movie yet , this is definitely the definitive version !
 Batman Begins is a great reboot for the Batman franchise . After the failure of Batman and Robin , Chris Nolan explores the Batman character in a real-world setting.This movie still feels like a classic comic book origin , but it 's also different from all the others at the same time . This film does a great job of not just leading into the Dark Knight , but being a stand-alone film too .
 this is probably the 2nd best movie ive ever seen . . with The Dark Knight being the absolute best . . and im not a `` comic geek '' but holy crap these movies were INSANELY AWESOME
 For anyone that came into this movie looking for immediate superhero and super villain appearances , please do n't be disappointed . Batman Begins takes the character back to his origin , and portrays what drives the man behind the cape . The excitement throughout is incredible as you know what this is building up to , but the ride beforehand is fabulous . Adding Ra 's Al Ghul to the early days was a nice touch , but not the original plot . From the comic book historical reference though , it fit quite well . Add to this the Scarecrow character who in a twisted way is assisting in the conquest of Gotham as part of the Ra 's Al Ghul plan , and you have a film that sticks very close to the roots of a dark but heroic character . If you favor the Batman comics and the stories that accompany them , this is your film !
 Christopher Nolan finally nails the director 's part . This is what we 've been waiting for ; quality without sacrificing quality . A perfect blend of `` Glade freshness '' , talent and skill , and interpretation.These people actually used what God gave them
 Before this movie , Batman had never really been accurately portrayed on the silver screen . But , now he has ... This IS the definitive Batman film . Not only is it a great superhero/action film - it is a wonderful film in general.Batman Begins is a reboot for the Batman movie franchise ; it is in no way linked to the previous 4 movies in any way -LRB- and thankfully , in my opinion -RRB- . It is an origin story of one of America 's most popular characters and it delves into the character of the Dark Knight in ways that have not been seen on the silver screen before.We `` begin '' with a young Bruce Wayne and get a feel for the wonderful , loving childhood he had until his parents were tragically murdered in front of his own eyes by a bum on the streets of Gotham . We then follow a grown up Bruce all around the world as he learns what it is like to live without a home or money and as he seeks the means to fighting injustice some time after the death of his parents . We learn why it is that he chooses to become a man dressed like a giant bat and how he acquires the weapons and technology needed to fight the criminals of Gotham and to restore peace to his beloved city . Even the functionality of every part of the suit from the cape to the ears on the cowl is explained . That 's just a glimpse of the attention to detail that this movie takes into allowing us to know this character.Also , we really get to know Bruce Wayne in Begins . He really has such a great character arc and we really feel for the character long before he ever dons the cape and cowl . Bruce Wayne/Batman is clearly the central character in this movie , which the previous live-action films failed to accomplish.The cast in the film is superb . Christian Bale does an incredible job as Bruce Wayne and Batman . As many know , these are really two different parts because Bruce Wayne is really the fake , public persona wheras Batman is when Bruce Wayne shows his true identity . They finally touch on this , and it is done beautifully . Also , Gary Oldman is wonderful as Lt. Jim Gordon - and thankfully this character is done in such an awesome fashion . He is Batman 's only friend and a great cop on a terribly corrupt police force in this movie , the way the character was meant to be . Michael Caine really shines as Alfred and the character is portrayed wonderfully . Liam Neeson is spectacular -LRB- as always -RRB- as Henri Ducard , Bruce Wayne 's mentor . Cillian Murphy is wonderfully twisted and creepy as the Scarecrow without being over the top whatsoever . And Morgan Freeman 's performance is great -LRB- as always -RRB- in the few memorable scenes he is in . Katie Holmes also really gives a great performance as Bruce 's lifetime friend and Gotham Assistant DA.As far as the plot goes - it is fantastic . You are really drawn into this movie for its entirety . Christopher Nolan and David Goyer wrote a great script with an incredibly touching and suspensful plot . Nolan also directed flawlessly . The action scenes are really incredible as well , and all of the action is necessary to the plot and extremely well edited.One of the most wonderful things about this movie is the realism that is consistent throughout the movie . Gone are the ridiculous neon lights of Schumacher 's movies and the extreme Gothic tone of Burton 's . You really feel that Batman could exist in this Gotham City - even so much that this movie does n't feel like a `` superhero '' movie . It really goes above and beyond the genre to create a very realistic movie that all audiences can thoroughly enjoy and appreciate at the same time . It may be a little bit on the scary side for younger kids - but there is hardly any objectional content in this movie otherwise -LRB- which I greatly appreciate -RRB- . This movie is a MUST SEE , in my opinion , and a MUST OWN for anyone who likes having great movies to watch any time . Check this one out . It is an extremely fine film , and one of my favorites that I have ever seen .
 Christopher Nolan 's version of DC Comic 's Batman takes itself very seriously -- it 's far from Adam West 's TV version in the 60s . There is no `` Robin '' and no `` Batgirl '' for that matter . It is about how Bruce Wayne becomes the Caped Crusader , and the film has enough actions to be called a summer season blockbuster -LRB- which it is -RRB- though the tone is slightly darker than any other previously filmed versions.But David S. Goyer/Christoher Nolan gave a decent script for the film , in which we see Bruce as young boy of emormously rich family has to confront his ultimate fear when his parents got killed -- but if you do n't like this rather serious ` looking into abyss ' part , just forget it . It is another story about one discontent youth looking for the meaning of life , which turns out being a superhero . And you know that part before watching the film.After wondering in Asia , being trained by a mentor Liam Neeson -LRB- again , like in `` Episode I '' -RRB- , grown-up Bruce -LRB- played by Christian Bale with no British accent -RRB- comes back to Gotham City , the city of crimes and injustice . -LSB- BATMAN IS THE HERO -RSB- Of course he is , but in the previous films Batman -LRB- or Bruce Wayne -RRB- was a curiously umimpressive figure , for the villains like Joker or Riddler stole every scene . In ` Batman Begins , ' Nolan is very careful in making Batman the center of the film . It is his film , and Batman is always there , in the middle of good action scenes -LRB- including that of souped-up Batmobile -RRB- . Two interesting things . One is that the film repeatedly refers to ` falling ' -LRB- many actions involve vertical movement one way or another -RRB- , a clever metaphor used by Nolan . The other is the cast , among whom you see only two Americans -- Morgan Freeman and Katie Holms . Londoner Nolan 's choice is quite unique -- Jim Gordon is played by another Londoner Gary Oldman ; Alfred is by Michael Caine -LRB- again , born in London -RRB- , Falcone by Tom Wilkinson -LRB- English -RRB- , Ducard by Neeson -LRB- Irish -RRB- , Dr. Crane -LRB- aka Screcrow -RRB- by Cillian Murphy -LRB- Irish -RRB- , Earle by Rutger Hauer -LRB- Dutch -RRB- , Ra 's Al Ghul by Ken Watanabe -LRB- Japanese -RRB- . Even the homeless guy is Rade Serbedzija -LRB- Croatia -RRB- . Where is Amreican actors?The film might be a bit too serious at times , but that is exactly what this new version is trying to do . But the seriousness does not weigh down the whole film , which has effective actions that do not rely on CGI techniques . In this sense , and with all name actors , ` Batman Begins ' is like Christopher Reeve 's ` Superman ' -- it takes itself seriously , and very entertaining as well .
 The question with Batman Begins is , `` Why does this movie need to exist ? '' When I first heard of the project , it struck me as odd , considering that the original Batman is not an `` old '' movie . Also , if you count the entire previous franchise , it just ended in 1997 ! Eight years is hardly a lot of time to call for a remake . Also , the original Batman is one of my favorite superhero films.On the other hand , great as the original Batman was , all of the sequels were bad . The last film in the series , Batman and Robin , -LRB- helmed by that hack , Joel Schumacher -RRB- was un-watchably bad . Still , I was having enough trouble dealing with a remake of Superman - and that movie is over twenty years old . Why Batman?The original Batman jumped into its story in the midst of things
 Not much more to say that has n't already been said by the other reviews . All I have to say is they finally got it right ! No stupid-corny-cheesy Val kilmer , Michael Keaton , Danny Devito , robin , batgirl , or Mr. Freeze in this one ladies and gentlemen . This is the real deal right here ! Finally , a serious batman movie , and it actually stayed close to the story of the original comic book series . Excellent job by Christian Bale . My only VERY minor complaints about the movie was it was a tad bit slow in the beginning , and I was really hoping for more of a fight out of the `` scarecrow '' villain at the end of the movie . still a 5 star movie .
 At last , a movie worth watching , worth discussing & worth writing about.Batman Begins -LRB- Batman 5 -RRB- is bigger , better & bolder than all its predecessors . The beauty of this one is that the focus is on Batman & not what the Riddler is doing or what prank the Joker is playing or what surprise the Penguin has in store.This movie is Batman all the way . The carefully selected Christian Bale is a wonderful choice for the Lead role the best Batman since Michael Keaton , he does justice to the role . He might seem a bit too young for the role of Bruce Wayne however we need to keep in mind that this is Batman `` Begins '' hence him being young.The entire movie was good actually it was great except for a few minor things . The Batmobile was a bit rugged as opposed to refined , the three main fight scenes -LRB- The one in jail , the one at the School & the last one -RRB- were really quick & you ca n't quite make heads or tales of it . Oh yeah , at the end of the movie the weather was probably cold but Christopher Nolan did not have to use Katie Holmes ' assets to get the message across - on IMAX it is very evident - for those who have no clue what I am talking about , watch the movie & you decide.As for the cast ; excellent choice , everyone of them . Caine is remarkable as Alfred , Neeson was outstanding in another one of his `` mentor '' roles - he might just get typecast if he keeps accepting such roles - Freeman is breathtaking as Fox , he does n't have to say much , yet he owns the screen . Gary Oldman created a whole new him ; a cross between Tom Skeritt & Edward James Almos plus a little extra . Katie Holmes , what can we say , she 's all grown up now & can act too , good for her . She 's got her life sorted out , she makes good movies & is dating Tom Cruise . Life is good . I do wish her the best though , she deserves it.Verdict
 When Batman & Robin hit theatres in June of 1997 , it single handedly buried the Batman franchise . The characters , writing , directing , acting , and plot were so bad , that fans went into shock . With Batman Begins , director Christopher Nolan has gone back to basics , jettisoning both the silliness of the TV incarnation and the gothic and fetishist elements of the '90s version . This is a hard-core , down-and-gritty origin story - the tale of , as one might reasonably expect , how Batman begins . It is n't intended as a `` prequel '' to the 1989 film , not only is Gotham City a completely different place , but key events of the Batman chronology are re-spun . Batman Begins is designed as the start of a new life , a reboot for the franchise . In the process , Nolan has not only crafted the best Batman movie , but arguably the second-best motion picture superhero narrative . Through every inch this film shows how Batman got his cool gadgets and his fighting style . Ca n't wait till this goes on DVD .
 Batman Begins is , without a doubt , the best movie of the franchise . Less a crowd-pleasing pop video -LRB- Batman & Robin , diak ! -RRB- and much more a true disturbing , adult film , this is the best approximation of Bob Kane 's comic book , if not a `` literal '' version , which I applaud.The film , directed by genius Christopher Nolan , has at its core , the real struggle of a man who 's not perfect , makes mistakes , has a lot of anger but at the same time , tries to balance all those nasty inner feelings by doing something for the `` greater good '' , but as a flawed man , ca n't control feeling a little bit excited by tormenting other disguise as a bat -LRB- which is a little sick , but understandable -RRB- . It 's complex movie , filled with contradictions that play beautifully against each other . At the core if the plot is , of course , Bruce Wayne , a multimillionaire boy that watches how his loving parents are killed by a mugger , and from that day , becomes a whirl of rage and anger . Guardian by his faithful butler , Alfred -LRB- wonderful Michael Caine -RRB- , Wayne grows intensifying his guilt and hatred , until he leaves to study the natures of evil , and meets Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , a man who becomes his mentor and teaches him to confront his fears.Wayne decides to return to Gotham City to fight crime and injustice , and in the process decides to use a bat as a symbol to terrorize the criminals that have plagued his natal but very corrupted city . In his fight , some allies help him -LRB- Morgan Freeman 's Lucius Fox , Gary Oldman 's Sergeant Gordon and Katie Holmes ' Rachel -RRB- in one way or other to achieve his goal , although I must say , with lots of ups and downs.We discover why Wayne identifies with bats , why he hates evil , and this story is given to us with depth and a complex psychological background . The process itself of becoming a hero is slow and full of mistakes . Batman is n't born from one day to other . It takes painful lessons that we are pleased to see.I did n't feel there were a lot of special effects in the movie , but I was grateful for that . Moviemakers often confuse saturation of effects with plot development , and Batman is not one of those films -LRB- Episode III is -RRB- . The characters are given a lot to do to cement the storyline . And there are not cheesy love plots like the past movies , although I must say Holmes 's character , though tries to be sort of a working class girl , is so irrelevant -LRB- because of her acting , it 's like watching Dawson 's Creek -RRB- we do n't mind her fate.Everything in this movie is dark and gritty , from the production design to the characters , and it 's a welcome change . The gadgets , the batsuit , even the car is raw and not fancy modern items like they were purchased from a sharper image catalog.In terms of acting , Bale comes strong like the caped crusader , and I ca n't wait to see him evolve in the next chapter . Freeman and Caine are the other two rocks of this movie , and I loved Gary Oldman vulnerable Sergeatn Gordon.Kudos also to the screenwriter and Chris Nolan , for creating such an remarkable film and the very ultimate definition of what a superhero movie should be . I cant ' wait to buy the DVD !
 I endorse this film whoelheartedly , in a way that I endorse few others.This film succeeds in a way that ALL of the Batman films failed , where most HOLLYWOOD films fail for that matter . Instead of `` big stars , '' it has great actors , chief among them being Christian Bale as Batman.Whereas Tim Burton 's films seemed obsessed with the way the films looked , Nolan cares more about plot , script , performances , and other concepts long since abandoned by Hollywood.Comparisons to Joel Schumacher 's Batman films are n't necessary , as they were horrible.Go see this film . It 's easily the best film of the year . Period .
 I became a fan of the Dark Knight following Frank Miller 's genius `` The Dark Knight Returns '' in the mid-80s . I loved the reinvention of the character , making him darker , brooding , and bordering on psychotic . It was this reinvention that most likely allowed the making of the original Batman movie , as well as its 3 successors . However , I found myself dissecting each of those movies as I exited the theater , feeling dissatisfied with each.After four previous attempts , two of them bordering on catastrophic , Hollywood has finally gotten it right . This is not your big brother 's Batman.Director Christopher Nolan has stripped away all the flash from the previous two movies , making Gotham City appear to be more like an enormous amusement park , and made it the gritty , murky urban sprawl that Batman fans have come to embrace as the home of Bruce Wayne . We also get much more of a feel as to why Wayne is so tortured and driven to do what he does for the city . The character of Bruce Wayne is the focus of this movie , whereas the villains have been the focus of the previous movies . We learn why Wayne is so tortured , and how deep his psyche is scarred . Story holes are plugged that were left gaping in previous efforts . In time , I believe that Christian Bale will replace Michael Keaton as the general consensus favorite in the role of the Guardian of Gotham , as he truly puts the Dark in Dark Knight.Perhaps the best part of this edition of the Batman series is the long overdue establishment of the relationship between Batman and Jim Gordon , a police sergeant in this early stage of the legend . In previous movies , the character of Gordon was all but made irrelevant , and in some cases , a buffoon . Gordon is not only a tough cop , but is the only member of the police force that Batman will allow to get close to him . That element is presented flawlessly here.The acting is better than your average comic book flick . Christian Bale captures perfectly the brood of Batman , as well as the careless , playboy persona of Bruce Wayne . Katie Holmes does a good job in shedding her `` Dawson 's Creek '' image , and handles the character of Rachael Dawes well . Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Morgan Freeman , and the rest of the support cast turn in worthy performances in their respective roles . The plot is thicker than previous efforts , and the villains ' role in said plot is far from insulting to the intelligence of even a casual Bat-fan . While this movie has plenty of bangs for the buck , it does not feel like a gratuitous effort . Each special effect has a meaning , and if this movie 's intent was to wipe the slate clean , and offer an apology for the previous four Batman movies , then mission accomplished . This is a comic book movie that does not present itself as a comic book movie . Each character and story element is believable , and I sincerely hope that the key elements from this project will be back for a sequel in a few years . If you 're a fan of the comic , you will thoroughly enjoy this effort . If you are n't a fan of the comic , you just might be after viewing Batman Begins .
 This is , hands down , the finest movie I have seen in years . To compare it to other * good * films in recent memory , it has the visual depth of Harry Potter 3 , twice the emotional resonance of Spidey 2 , and enough total satisfaction to have me seriously consider burning my Batman DVD collection of the Burton/Schumaker films in effigy.I remember all of the hype leading up to Batman in ' 89 , only to leave the theater feeling disappointed in a movie that had less to do with the title character and more to do with his arch-enemy . When it came out on video , the AV place where I worked kept it in the VCR 24/7 , and I quickly realized how annoying the movie became in the second hour with Vicky Vale 's incessant screaming -LRB- this from a woman who supposedly photographed smouldering bodies on the front lines of war -RRB- . I remember hating Batman Returns upon its release , only to gain some respect for it over the years as I 've grown to appreciate Tim Burton 's visual style . And with the revolving door around the man in the cape and cowl , I watched the franchise ultimately descend to B&R ; , the biggest pile of garbage in recent movie history , hated more than Battlefield Earth because it ruined characters that we were already connected to.In a rare move of genius , the WB suits allowed the filmmakers to reboot the whole franchise with this film . The result is a film that is n't bound to established rules . It stands on its own and shines in its darkness.Batman Begins ranks with Superman
 I thought that we had lost our beloved mysterious hero Batman with the disastrous 1997 baloney pile entitled `` Batman & Robin '' and unfortunately it did kill off what was then the current franchise of the comic book series . I was also completely astounded how they turned the series from a dark and beautiful series with `` Batman '' and `` Batman Returns '' and made it into a cartoon show with the fourth one . Even the first two `` Batman '' movies as great as they were , sometimes had problems with occasional cartoonish character and too much flamboyance that diluted the foreboding nature of the comic . But a full eight years and a different era altogether later , the entire movie adaptation is given a MUCH needed makeover and is completely revamped with the newest in the entire Batman saga entitled `` Batman Begins '' and let me tell you , WOW ! This movie is totally awesome !! Forget every movie based on the two-sided individual even the ones done by Tim Burton . `` Batman Begins '' is the beginning of a whole new era in the saga and completely does away with any of the styles of old . I was shocked by how great and different BB really was.As the title suggests , `` Batman Begins '' is the movie that takes Bruce Wayne back to his roots starting as a young boy who witnesses the gruesome murders of his parents during an attempted robbery outside a theatre . Increasingly alarmed by the increasingly corrupt justice system in Gotham City , Bruce Wayne escapes to Tibet but is captured and is in a prison in the mountains where he meets a powerful mentor named Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- as well as Ra Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanbe -RRB- persuades him to join the League of Shadows and train him in various fighting skills and how to bring ` real ' justice to the world but Wayne does not buy into their extreme methods of ` correcting ' the wrongs of society and returns home to bring forth his own way of fighting for true justice . But Gotham City is under a threat from a fear pandemic caused by a ` super drug ' that is being engineered by someone named ` Scarecrow ' as well as by someone familiar from Wayne 's past but who it is will be a major surprise and a major mistake in trusting.Out of all of them , Christian Bale 's rendition of Batman is by far the best out of all of them ! I never thought I 'd say but Bales performance outdoes even Michael Keaton 's version of Bruce Wayne/Batman and the expressions are far more frightening yet more respectable than ever before ! The expressions are highly realistic . My favorite however would be Liam Neeson 's role as the mysterious Ducard . His character is without a doubt one of the greatest villainous roles that I 've ever seen and it proves how Neeson is incredible at playing sophisticated villains.I never thought they could ever do anything good with Batman after storming out in disgust with Schumacher 's last movie -LRB- even Forever was worlds better than Robin -RRB- but I was proven wrong ! Chris Nolan as director may have outdone himself in ways that we may never be able to estimate . Forget the old movies . They belong in the last century . `` Batman Begins '' is a brand new beginning of a new era in Batman 's history !
 Forget about all the previous Batman films . `` Batman Begins '' blows every single one of them out of the water . No Contest.Christian Bale is Batman/Bruce Wayne . This is the first film of the series where the hero is the focus resulting in a much more compelling and more focused storyline.This is n't `` The Joker '' co-starring Batman , ala the 1989 film and the strongest of the previous incarnations . The problem with that film was that Jack Nicholson was just too over the top as the Joker -LRB- if that 's possible -RRB- . It seemed for the audience that it was all about `` hey , look at the chances Jack is taking in this role '' rather than getting lost in the character . Jack 's hammy acting seemed to place the story in a secondary role.Not the case here . There were two themes present in this movie
 Batman Begins is the fifth live-action movie since 1989 to bear the name of the Caped Crusader , but it might as well be the first . So completely does writer-director Christopher Nolan reinvent , reimagine , and reinvigorate this franchise , you may well entirely forget about the campy casting -LRB- Clooney as Batman ! Ah-nuld as Mr. Freeze ! -RRB- , leaden dialogue , and nonexist plotting that Joel Schumacher used to try to kill off the series in the 1990 's . -LRB- And please , do n't even get me started on the Batsuit nipples . -RRB- Nolan , the auteur behind Memento and Insomnia , likes his thrillers dark and twisted , and this one is no exception . The incredibly talented Christian Bale -LRB- American Psycho , The Machinist -RRB- is riveting as Gotham billionaire Bruce Wayne , whose anger over the murder of his parents leads him into an intense study of the nature of evil , and ultimately to his emergence as a cowled and caped vigilante . The film touches relevantly on both corporate corruption -LRB- Wayne Corp. is run by an ultrasleazy Rutger Hauer -RRB- and on post-9 / 11 urban fear . Images of derailing trains and clouds of poison gas enveloping Gotham will bring chills to anyone who has watched the news in the last four years -LRB- or been unfortunate enough to have lived it . -RRB- The supporting cast is full of heavy hitters in fine form - Morgan Freeman , Liam Neeson , Ken Watanabe , a sweetly subdued Gary Oldman -LRB- as Jim Gordon -RRB- , an Oscar-worthy Michael Caine -LRB- wonderful as wry , indispensable manservant Alfred -RRB- - but for me the real standout is Irish actor Cillian Murphy -LRB- 28 Days Later , Cold Mountain -RRB- as the fiendish Dr. Jonathan Crane , who runs the local asylum ; in his supervillain guise as the Scarecrow , he is truly the stuff of nightmares -LRB- and just one reason I have to warn you , DO N'T bring the kiddies to this one ! -RRB-
 This is the way it should be
 I 've noticed that everyone wants to review the film but nobody talks about its HD muscle . After buying many HD-DVDs I will say that Batman Begins is the overal best combination of amazing picture and fire setting audio ! The Dolby TruHD audio track is stunning and somehow manages to make your house sound more like a movie theater than anything else out there . 100 % recommended
 After experimenting with imagery/scripting inconsistencies that had actually made the 1960 's TV series look sophisticated by comparison -LRB- Batman and Robin , Batman Forever -RRB- , the Batman movie series returns to the brooding and tortured millionare which we adore.In this film , we see how a young Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- copes with his parents murder . Because he has the money and resources , Wayne ultimately decides to become Batman -- a vigilante ` anti-hero ' hero who takes the law into his own hands when the police can not stop evil from overrunning Gotham City . Bruce ultimately wants to ensure that other people will not experience the tragedy which he has known . He subsequently walks a very fine line between administering justice and exacting revenge.There are some bumps along the way to Bruce 's infamous ` reincarnation ' . The begining of the film shows young `` Master Wayne '' recieving abuse in a generic prison camp for ` research ' but ultimately concluding that even he can not join in his rescuer 's idea of justice , killing another person . Already traumatized as he is , Bruce is still a good guy due to his all-critical remaining shred of humanity . Yet , this scene also hints that he theoretically could have snapped under other conditions.Immediately following an overseas trip , Bruce finds that Gotham is now in shambles . Adding insult to this injury , he also learns that his own company is now convieniently on the verge of being taken away from him.Bob Kane 's Dark Knight Detective was never supposed to be a camp icon -LRB- ala West and Clooney 's portrayals -RRB- ; he was supposed to be THE thing which lurks in the shadows against injustice . Batman is a mystery precisely because he worked with the police , but was explicitly not one of them . This film also explains how Gotham PD ultimately came to trust Batman.We see a young Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- who is destined to become Gotham City 's police commissioner in the future . The city is SO corrupt at this point that he is the only honest cop left . Gordon desperately wants help maintaining law and order so turning to an outsider who can deliver this is his logical conclusion . Their early partnership thus lays critical foundation for why Gordon and Batman work together in subsequent years ; Gordon knows that Batman also wants to clean up Gotham -- and can deliver on it . Gordon recognizes that the Batman is an effective if wholly unorthodox crime control resource.Morgan Freeman also stars as Lucius Fox , a family friend who helps Bruce create the Batman personna . He is a scientist in the then-taken over Wayne Enterprises who somehow managed to escape the scrutiny of a devilsh Rutger Hauer . Fox ultimately helps to devise all of Batman 's awesome crime-fighting gadgets in the tradition of James Bond 's ` Q ' . I do n't think there is a single film which Morgan Freeman has been involved with that I did not like . This man 's name simply oozes talent.We also meet Jonathan ` Scarecrow ' Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- , who is a really unethical psychatrist . According to this screenplay , he is Batman 's first ` big villan ' . The Scarecrow wants to control the City of Gotham by drugging the water supply with psychedelic mind controls . The special effects department did a wonderful job with the character , I definently was terrified after seeing this character throughout the screen play . I also could not find anything laughable about him.Christian Bale is handsome as Bruce Wayne/Batman , and I feel guilty because I had never previously cared to see something which he was playing in before now . Bale brings the perfect match of sensitivity and unbalancw that is essentially needed for this part -LRB- Batman IS fundamentally a vengange gig from a disturbed milionare -RRB- and I know this film is going to be a blockbuster of the summer , if not the year.I have not been this enthusiastic about a Batman movie since 1992 's Batman Returns -LRB- with Michael Keaton then in the lead role -RRB- . I am seeing this one release several times , something which I honestly have not done with any film since I was a little girl.I am also willing to predict Batman Begins generates renewed interest in the Batman concept . The design people for this film have obviously taken considerable care to give depth and credibility to the ` begins ' concept , the Bat signal is not as it would look in most other movies . There is a sense that Batman really is starting but is serious about wanting to do a good job of eliminating crime.Hopefully , the studios ultimately now understand that turning Batman into a comedian was a recipe for disaster and thus will not be inclined to tinker with a masterpiece creation . I expect Bale and this scripting sophistication to hold up in subsequent movies , if nothing else because of the ending to this film itself . Batman has begun a long-awaited period of revival both as a crime fighting force to be recokned with and a box office blockbuster to see .
 This is how Batman is supposed to be . Batman does not arrive in a 4th-of-July-esque hailstorm of flashing lights . He appears , attacks , and vanishes . There should NEVER be a glowing blue bat-mobile . There should NEVER EVER be nippples on the bat suit . That is an atrocity . Possibly a war crime.The earlier films lined up four men too small to be the Dark Knight , and ended up making the films about the villains , not the hero . Batman Begins embraces the darkness spun around the myth of Batman in the decades of comics . Batman is n't cute . Batman punches hard . Bale buries himself in the role , and is the best Caped Crusader to ever play the role.With Bale , Holmes , and an incredible allstar supporting cast -LRB- Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Gary Oldham -RRB- who combine for 3 Oscars & another 8 nominations , this is easily the Best Batman film to date , and possibly the best comic book film ever . Sorry Spidey .
 This is undoutably the best Batman movie to date ... and yes , i also mean better that Burtons!This is the Batman from the comics , the way Bob Kane intended him to be . The cast is spectacular . The tone of the movie is spot on and realistically based in the modern day world . Not only is Batman Begins a ` great comic book movie ' ... it 's a ` great movie ' - period ! I foresee oscar paying this picture a couple of nods come academy award time next year ... Yes ... it 's just that good ! Let 's hope the sequel keeps the bar raised just as high or higher than director Chris Nolan has pushed it !
 Remember the old Batman movies you saw on the 90 's ? Good . Now , FORGET ABOUT THEM ! Except for the 4 animated movies.This is where Batman live action franchise on the movies should be remembered to start . Bruce Wayne/Batman is played briliantly ! In the comics , Batman is atormented man with a dark and sad past , he starts to hunt criminals as Batman to surpass his fears . Michael Caine gives such a brilliant interpretation of Alfred , the butler , that in the comics , are a kind of step father , councilier and inspiration for Bruce . I loved that line they created , saying he would never give up from Bruce . Nice addiction.The Scarecrow is more human , yes , but yet scary . A wonderful interpretation by Cillian Murphy . He is Jonathan Crane . Like it was said many times before , Liam Neeson is wonderful like Ducard , but personally I think he 's not Ras in the movie . Let 's wait for the sequels . Nolan probably wants to make us curious to discover the real truth about him , as a result he did more of we was ask him to do in an adaptation.Oh , and I can not let the brilliant interpretation of Gary Oldman as James Gordon pass . He was simply awesome ! He 's perfect for this role ! A determined and honest cop who helps Batman fight injustice in the streets of Gotham , the final scene was outstanding!If you think you know Batman by watching craps like Batman 1989 , Returns , Forever or the terrible B&R ; , get this DVD and think again . Remember , forget about EVERYTHING you saw on live actions and watch this one .
 ... and no wonder , it 's directed by Christopher Nolan , who did the sensational `` Memento '' -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and almost-as-good `` Insomnia . '' If you have never seen those movies you should , to understand just what this man was capable of before getting ensnared by the major American studios . Definitely not your typical big-budget Hollywood cheeseball , Nolan has an original vision and style.What sets this film apart is the fact that it has a well-developed , well-written and believable psychological AND philosophical backstory , rather than being just another special effects and computer-animation orgy.With the exception of the inevitable `` Batman saves the day at the last moment in dramatic showdown with the evil head honcho '' final 10 minutes , it had me guessing most of the way through . The weakest link as others have noted , was casting Katie Holmes , who is a cutie but has an acting range of maybe 3 rubber expressions -LRB- self-righteous , confused , scared -RRB- .
 This movie has indeed garnished rave reviews . In addition to what has already been said , I wanted to mention a few of the elements of the movie that really make the film shine . In previous Batman films the fight sequences were just not what I expected to see from Batman . If you have read any of the comics you will know that Batman uses his `` fear factor '' and ambush tactics more than anything . I absolutely loved how most of the times he would take down the bad guys was when he would repel down from above to envelop the enemy and zip up back up high via his grappling gun.Batman begins and returns as he was intended to be . Not an invulnerable superhuman terminator , but a flesh and blood man armed with passion for justice , fighting skills and good equipment . The movie was excellent in portraying what Batman was to begin with - A tool of fear used by Bruce Wayne to distribute justice and revenge . His encounter with those that oppose him had him using his brain and this tool of fear rather than slugging it out Indiana Jones style which is a last resort . Batman is the Dark Knight , not Superman.A very well done movie worth your time and money .
 To many , I may come across as blasphemous to say that Tim Burton 's Batman sucked eggs . As a ` Joker Movie ' it was allright , but it captured nothing of what Batman was about . Batman is not an ` Everyman ' and the 4 preceeding movies had him as some hapless shlub in a rubber suit totally dependent upon gadgets . How good could the ` Batarang ' be if a freakin POODLE can catch it in his mouth and run off with it ? What kind of Batplane could be knocked out of the sky with one shot ?!? Sure , the movie was dark , but when can you find a Tim Burton movie that did n't have his nihilistic slant to it ? Michael Keaton could 've made a better Joker , but the guy did n't do squat for/as Batman , except show the world how NOT to be Batman.Christian Bale portrayed the many facets as well as the driving fear and anger which lingered and grew from childhood.Like the movie `` Equilibrium ' he showed a cool , stoic side , obsessed with his mission . He also gave you the impression that there was only ONE Batman , and that he 's more than a Rubber suit . I BELIEVED that this guy was going to SAVE Gotham , and that he was the ONLY thing standing in the way of total chaos ! His first foray into the streets of Gotham was the classic ` Night of the Batman ' much like ` the night of Superman ' where in the movie , he saves Lois , the President , foils 2 criminal acts and gets a cat out of a tree.Bale gave the criminals reason to fear him , especially by his ` swooping from the shadows ' attacks . Everything that was essentially Batman had it 's reason for being , right down to the scallops on his gloves . Like a True Ninja , he worked everything into his repetoir . When the bums on the rooftop shot and knocked Keaton on his butt , I rolled my eyes in disgust . After he got back up , MY first response would be to aim at the face , next time . And that was n't the ONLY time he fell onto his backside . Tim Burton 's Batman was a clumsy pretender in a town of incompetents . But THAT is a rant for another time ... Believe me , If you 're a Tim Burton fan , you may like the originals , but if you 're a BATMAN fan , Batman Begins is the ONLY batfilm you NEED TO SEE and OWN !!!!!
 Chrisitan Bale the best Batman ever . Christopher Nolan has done a great job in re-inventing Batman with an origin story with David Goyer . Michael Caine as the Alfred the trusted butler is the best & only father figure for Bruce Wayne . Gordon as the cop trying to fight corruption . Cilian Murphy played the very freightening SCARECROW.One waits for when Batman will come on screen which is after the 1 hr mark . But when he is on the screen the scary voice takes control . With a good ending setting up for the upcoming sequel is very interesting.Overall , This year 's best Superhero movie ever . You have to get the DVD of this movie to add to your collection . `` THE DARK KNIGHT REIGNS ''
 BATMAN BEGINS , the latest in a number of films featuring the caped crusader , reimagines the character in a way that previous films have not . Christian Bale 's Batman is a more nuanced individual , avoiding the caricatures of previous incarnations . Michael Caine is terrific as Alfred , young Bruce 's loyal butler turned guardian/friend . Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman and Katie Holmes round out the cast in fine fashion.The plot flows well , the visuals and sound effects are first rate and there are few dead spots .
 Probably the best of the five modern movies made about batman , this one is the most true to the comics and the most realistic . It may be long , but most will enjoy every minute . If another film is made in the series , I hope they use some of batman 's best villians in this style instead of that lame Joel Schumacher style from `` Batman Forever '' and `` Batman and Robin '' . Again , incredible movie , outstanding story if I could give it more stars I would .
 Christopher Nolan is an awesome director , and this movie looks like the best live-action version of Batman to date ! I 've been following the production of the movie VERY carefully , and I can say that this movie will probably be one of the greatest comic book adaptations ever made . The production designs for this movie rival those of the Lord of the Rings trilogy , and I think it 's pretty safe to say that this will be one of the most epic superhero films made.After the disasters that were Batman & Robin , Steel , and CINO -LRB- Catwoman In Name Only -RRB- , it 's such a relief to see a DC comics character finally being done with the respect it deserves . Hats off to Chris Nolan and his team !
 After the first Batman franchise was driven into the ground by a succession of terrible sequels , it seemed unlikely that there would ever be a respectable Batman film again . But then there came a hope from an unexpected source . Christopher Nolan -LRB- director ofFollowingandMemento -RRB- wanted to reinvent the character in a more realistic and epic way . He teamed up with screenwriter David S. Goyer -LRB- The Blade TrilogyandDark City -RRB- and together they wrote an exceptionally smart screenplay . The filmmakers have thoughtfully evaluated the mistakes made in the previous films -LRB- mainly poor acting , shallow characterization , campy humor and mindless action -RRB- and avoided repeating them . They 've brought a new level of depth to a genre that has recently been overexposed and streamlined . This is an intellectual superhero film . It deals with dark thematic subject matter , which is only appropriate considering that Batman is essentially a guilt-ridden vigilante who symbolically avenges the death of his parents.The story looks at the origins of Gotham 's Dark Knight . As a young boy , Bruce Wayne fell into a dilapidated well where bats attacked him . The incident would haunt him much of his life and helped to shape who he was to become . His parents , the wealthy Thomas and Martha Wayne , are altruistic and philanthropic . His father owns Wayne Enterprises , a large manufacturing company but he spends most of his time volunteering at the hospital . But one night when the Wayne family was leaving the opera , they were approached by a desperate criminal who shoots Bruce 's parents . Years after their death , Bruce tries unsuccessfully to get revenge but ultimately learns that it would n't solve anything to perpetuate the cycle of killing . He attempts to infiltrate the criminal underworld so that he might better understand what drives people to `` prey on the fearful '' , but he is caught stealing from his own company . He 's thrown into a prison in an unnamed Asian province , where he daily fights the other inmates for `` practice '' . A man calling himself Ducard visits him unexpectedly . He offers Bruce a `` path '' and suggests he joins a secret fraternity , The League of Shadows , which seeks to bring balance and sanity to the world . When he agrees he is subjected to a brutal training regiment that takes him to the breaking point . Mentally and physically exhausted , he is accepted into their ranks providing that he display his devotion to justice by executing a criminal . Bruce refuses to knowingly take a life and a great battle ensues . After barely escaping and saving Ducard from a fiery demise , he heads back to Gotham alone . He is reunited with his former girlfriend , Rachel and his parental butler , Alfred . He secretly assumes the identity of Batman . When Alfred asks , `` Why bats , Master Wayne ? '' he responds , `` Bats frighten me . It 's time my enemies shared my dread . '' Soon Batman uncovers corruption within the police force , the legal system and even within Wayne Enterprises . But at the heart of this new crime wave is an insidious conspiracy being carried out by a psychotic psychiatrist and an old acquaintance . Ducard returns and reveals his intentions to destroy Gotham City by releasing a `` fear-inducing toxin '' upon the population . And only Bruce , his former apprentice can stop him from succeeding.The film features an excellent cast featuring Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne / Batman , Michael Caine as Alfred , Liam Neeson as Ducard , Katie Holmes as Rachel Dawes , Gary Oldman as Police Sergeant Jim Gordon , Cillian Murphy as Dr. Crane / The Scarecrow , Tom Wilkinson as Carmine Falcone , Rutger Hauer as Earle , Ken Watanabe as Ra 's al Ghul , Linus Roache as Thomas Wayne , and Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox.Arguably the best `` comic book movie '' ever made , Batman Begins resurrects the Dark Knight with style and sophistication . Rarely do these kinds of films touch upon philosophical beliefs , psychological disorders or social corruption and yet this film does so with ease . Batman Begins breathes new life into the legend and is the first chapter in a thrilling new Batman saga , which will be continued in 2008 's The Dark Knight.Also recommended : Batman Beginsby Dennis O'NeilBatman and Philosophy
 I have always been a big batman fan since I was a kid . As a teenager , I was thrilled to see that finally somebody -LRB- Tim Burton -RRB- decided to make a big movie about him . I liked the movie really much , but still ... I was left with the feeling that there was something missing . When the second production came out ... wow !!! I was impressed !!! It finally got it !! Still , there was a lot of Burtonesque cartoonish flavor about it but it was the best of the first 4 movies -LRB- of course , before this one -RRB- . Then , Schuhmacher came to the director chair and it all went down from that point ... very dissappointing . I sadly came to the conclusion that my best childhood superhero was dead.I was very happy to see that superhero movies could have some substance and depth to them when the Spidey series came out -LRB- Two thumbs up still for Spidey 2 , which for me , was the best superhero adaptation from Hollywood , until this one came out -RRB- . Xmen 2 was incredibly awesome too . But this one really blows them all away !!! First of all , the great story behind Bruce Wayne and all of his motivations which led him to become his alter ego . Then , the actors
 A friend said that while Tim Burton 's `` Batman '' was 90 percent production and 10 percent story , `` Batman Begins '' is the opposite . He 's right . This `` reboot '' of the `` Batman '' franchise succeeds on many levels , not the least of which is having a rip-snorting spirit . Smug/creepy Christian Bale seems an odd choice for the role of caped crusader but proves effective as a Dark Knight actually like the one I remember from the comic books . Even if much of the story territory is familiar in `` Batman Begins , '' this version takes a refreshingly serious path and does n't bog down under its own weight in camp or pyschobabble . Director Christopher Nolan wisely chooses to play it straight , creating a film close in spirit to those of 25 years ago -LRB- `` Blade Runner '' is rumored to be an inspiration ; it felt to me in moments , too , like the TV series `` The Equalizer . '' -RRB- . The film 's wonderfully effective , minimalist soundtrack by Hans Zimmer combines with straightforward production values and confident direction . And except for a so-so Katie Holmes as the love interest -LRB- all of the Batman films seem to be lacking in the leading lady department -RRB- , the supporting players , including Morgan Freeman , Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman -LRB- so much like the 1970s ' Jim Gordon it 's scary -RRB- , and Michael Caine , are superb . The only real problem with `` Batman Begins '' is the third act , whose primary conflict is reminiscent of the train chase in the latest `` Spiderman '' movie , though there 's also an eerie parallel in Gotham 's rapid descent into madness and despair to the recent events in New Orleans , right down to the bumbling of so many police . Life imitating art ? No , `` Batman Begins '' somehow manages to seem that real . Kudos to the engineers on this DVD , too , especially the sound folks .
 First of all ... . Eugene A. Schubert `` be-bop '' your an idiot . Sounds like you want Batman & Robin instead . They already made that movie , this is a more grown-up movie.Secondly , I 'll try to keep this short , when I went to watch this in the theater this was not the Batman movie I was expecting to see ... this was something much better.Most Sc-Fi super heroe movies are just biding thier time until the hero puts on the costumes , but this movie is watchable from begining to end . Nolan hit 's all the right notes , the editing is fantastic , and Bale feels like he nails the character Bruce Wayne with precision . Bat-man is at his heart , a facist , believing the world should function as he sees it . That 's why he operates outside the law . Only truly trusting one cop , who manages to help him stay balanced.All in all the best batman movie hands down , and just a great character driven flick period . Spider-man 2 is a whiney second best after this came out .
 Batman is more than a superhero , more than movie and comic book entertainment . He is cold , disciplined justice that protects the weak - yet is tragically flawed . He is the dark part of the subconcious that lurks in all of us . Batman represents the border between sanity and insanity.Batman is more than a cultural icon . He is a legend and a myth . Why else is New York City often referred to as `` Gotham ? '' In the astounding Batman Begins , the myth is reborn.Christian Bale is perfect to play Bruce Wayne , the billionaire who is orphaned when a mugger kills his mother and father in cold blood . When I saw Bale in `` Equilibrium , '' his tiger-like athleticism and dark , brooding demeanor made me confident that Bale was worthy to inherit the mantle of Batman . For those of you who liked the Matrix , I highly recommend you check out Equilibrium.In `` Begins , '' director Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento -RRB- and screenplay co-writer David Goyer explore how Wayne adopts his alter ego . On a Siddartha-like quest , Wayne leaves his friends and business empire to find himself in the -LRB- Very -RRB- Far East.The talent in this movie is astounding . Ken Watanabe -LRB- The Last Samurai -RRB- plays enigmatic Ras-Al-Ghul , powerful head of a spiritual , ninja-like clan . Liam Neesan plays Henri Ducard , Ghul 's head man , who trains Bruce in the ways of the night fighter . Wayne is a proficient student . All of Neeson 's dialouge is highly quotable and inspiring . I ca n't wait to get my hands on a screenplay.Wayne returns to Gotham City . His childhood friend , played by Katie Holmes , knows something is up . She is now a relentless D.A. bent on eliminating the corruption that is plaguing the city that was once fair in the heyday of Bruce 's parents . Her target is Arkham Asylum , run by the enigmatic Professor Jonathan Crane -LRB- played by the amazing Cillian Murphy -RRB- . The Wayne 's family butler Alfred is played by Michael Caine . Wayne scientist Lucius Fox is played by Morgan Freeman . Alfred and Fox are Bruce 's only allies in his war on crime . A younger Police Commissioner Gordon is played to perfection by the chameleon-like Gary Oldman.Do not waste time . Purchase this DVD for your collection .
 Finally , someone got it right . Batman is not a kids character as Schumacher reduced him to . Instead he is a menacing , tormented soul , who in contradiction to a previous review , resides in the real world . Batman IS the only real world hero . No super powers , no roots on another planet . This is a rich guy , that experienced some horrible things as a child , discovered he had the means to prevent this type of thing from happening in the future , and did something about it . The way the weapons were created by hand , and the functions of the cape explained made it all the more possible , if not probable , that this could happen . The small touches such as the summoning of the bats using the frequency emitter was a fantastic touch . Simply because you realize that to the public , this can not be a mortal man , but you as the viewer , having been exposed to his secrets , realize he is all to human . This is by far , the best Batman movie to date . My only hope is the sun does not rise of this title and begin to lighten it . Keep it dark and threatening . A Batman movie should be rated ` R ' . People should get hurt and killed . The comic book never held any punches , neither should these films . This is the 1st movie I have ever attended where the entire audience stood and applauded at end . Bravo gentlemen , bravo .
 This is the best batman movie . The other ones were pretty corny besides the first two . I saw this the day it came out and I was amazed on how good it was .
 Best movie of 2005 , best Batman film , best superhero film , best comic book adaptation . Period .
 This is the Batman movie I 've been waiting for ! Tim Burton 's Batman was my favorite until now . The storyline , the action , the sets , acting , this movie surpassed all of the previous batman movies , especially the most recent Joel Schumacher ones which were horrible . The actors picked for Batman and Ras Al Ghul were perfect , as was Scarecrow . This movie is true to the comic book , thankfully , showing it was NOT the Joker who killed Bruce Wayne 's parents . It has that mood you must have for a Batman flick , without a type of pseudo-universe created for him like the Tim Burton movies . Too bad Halle Berry did n't wait for this film to become Catwoman . A better director and costume would have made her the ultimate Catwoman.Finally , a director that does n't base his movie on the campy 60 's tv series . I 'm already waiting for the sequel .
 The reviews below are abviously someone trying to bring down the average rating for this movie . Batman Begins is an amazing movie . It appeals to a wide range or people both old and young , fans and non fans . It is grounded in reality so is more accessible to people and it is also more faithful to the grit of the comics . Forget the campy tv show and the ott Burton and Schumacker attempts , this truly represents the character , one which is deep and complex . Oh and its not a prequal its a fresh start to a franchise that was ruined .
 This movie is the revival of the dead franchise , solid acting , crisp writing , and fresh visuals make this movie a must see . I am a big fan of Tim Burton 's original Batman and I think this one is every bit as good as that one . Christian Bale is the best of all the Batmans to date . Michael Keaton held his own and did a good job , Val Kilmer just brooded through the movie and looked like he was constipated , and George Clooney , holy hell that smirking jack-ass performance killed the series for a time . Thank god there is no Robin , the character is more of a headache than anything else , and we finally get the villianous Scarecrow -LRB- portrayed excellently by Cillian Murphy -RRB- which has been tossed around for some years now . The whole cast is great , with the exception of Katie Holmes and her sitcom quality acting , I 'm glad to hear she wo n't be back for the sequel . This movie has the best developed Bruce Wayne and still has great action sequences . This movie like other great comic book adaptations -LRB- Spiderman 2 and X-Men 2 -RRB- transcends the genre and is truly a great story and a great movie .
 i get a bonner every time i think of it . imma be there on the first day it comes out with hersh . great movie , man this will be great !
 I personally think this is the best Batman movie to date . The story , although cartoon in character , leads the audience on a journey that 's almost believable . We witness the spiritual growth of a tortured soul who 's parents had been killed by a down and dirty , mid-city mugger . Bruce Wayne had disappeared from civilization only to be found hiding at the far reaches of humanity in a personal depression . We view his rise from someone searching for revenge and vengeance to a concerned and vigilant citizen trying to right the wrongs of corruption and crime in society . And although Batman is good , he is a dark hero and he really enjoys hunting and playing with his prey . Perhaps a touch of evil lurks inside the masked crusader himself.What a great cast of actors , Christian Bale who plays Batman and a supporting cast of great talent
 You 'll find many concise summaries of the film 's details on this site , so I wo n't repeat them ; what I will say is , FIVE STARS JUST FOR THE EDITING ! Director Nolan and his team have adopted a swift-as-thought , `` through-composed '' style of editing that skips and leaps like a mountain goat , in quick lightning-flashes from one thought to another , often as if in a dream ... which is highly appropriate to the tone of the film they made . It 's a joy to watch . Bravo.The movie has tons of things to recommend it -LRB- and it 's got a superb turn from the always-welcome MICHAEL CAINE ! -RRB- . The filmmakers have made many sharp choices that cause it to stand out boldly from the normal run of big-budget concept/action movies -LRB- their story structuring , production design , casting choices
 When the brilliant writer Bob Kane first created the Dark Knight of Gothom City in the 1930s , I 'm sure one of his after thoughts was to picture his Dark Avenger in a live action movie . The dream has become fact in `` Batman , the beginning . '' After viewing it , my first impression is , WOW ! The film is a great combination of humanistic philosophy , explosive action , menacing criminals , and an excellent script with talented actors . Crafted in the mind of originator Bob Kane , his Capped Crusader rises from the panels of DC Comics and explodes onto the big screen with all the force of a true classic . As Par for the course , director Christopher Nolan has conscripted the superb performing talents of Christian Bale , Liam Neeson , and Michael Caine as Alfred . All in all , I encourage all viewers to prepare themselves for a action crammed film of legendary characters , explosive scenes and cinematic history
 gone are the campy over the top villans of the last movie series . no adam west silliness either . here we have a story in which we can suspend our disbelief and actually get into the character of bruce wayne/batman . the previous celluloid batmen were little more than cardboard cutouts , but this one lives and breathes . i was a bit skeptical about the new batmobile design but after seeing it in action i am now a believer . i hope this is the beginning of a long and fruitful franchise for the venerable dark knight . the bonus features on the second disk were informative and enjoyable with several mini-documentaries about set and costume design , action sequences , and a very nice segment about the comic writers and artists that were the most inspirational for this film . the bonus comic is also a nice addition to the package .
 One thing that 's quite interesting when it comes down to the comic book heroes of old are that regardless of what 's in the comic which should be the final be-all end-all of the events surrounding the characters , filmmakers and TV show creators will come in and completely add new twists or reinvent the character . Before we had 4 Batman films , 2 of which from Tim Burton , big on atmosphere and tone but not masterpieces by any means , just really well done Batman films . Then we got the Schumacher ones , with Forever being an interesting mess and Batman and Robin being film school for how NOT to do a movie , let alone a Batman one . So we have a re-imagining by Christopher Nolan , director of Memento and we 're better for it.Previous films already established Bruce Wayne already being Batman with slight reasons why he became Batman , like in the Schumacher ones . Here , Bruce Wayne is a lost soul who 's in a asian prison who 's freed by a man named Ducard , who offers a path and help . Bruce begins his training to be a fighter for the innocent until the group he 's training with are actually wanting to destroy civilization so Bruce takes off to Gotham to clean it up.And Gotham really needs to get cleaned up . Many of city officials are under the influence of mob boss Falcone , so Bruce has a lot to deal with . This includes a man who 's taken over his parent 's company ; Dr Crane , a psychologist who induces a fear toxin into patients to make them nuts and corruption . So Bruce adopts his famous alter-ego , Batman , and together with a Q-like Wayne Enterprises employee and butler Alfred , Bruce is ready to fight for Gotham.Since it is a re-imagining , a lot of things are different . First , I do n't recall Wayne Manor ever ... um , well it 's a spoiler but it 's bad . Second , Bruce always built his Batman stuff rather than the Q-like Lucius Fox . And of course we have the re-designed Batmobile . Instead of being like a slick lambourghini , this Batmobile actually looks like a superhero 's beastly car . Named the Tumbler , it looks like a cross between a lambourghini , a ferrari and a hummer ; fast but still very strong looking . And of course the featurette on it on Disc 2 is really awesome.Of the previous Batman 's , Christian Bale is probably the only one that actually nails both halves of the character , maybe less so on one . To me , Michael Keaton had the Batman part down , only not the Bruce Wayne part while both Val Kilmer and George Clooney had the opposite . Christian Bale does have that millionaire-playboy-but-tortured aspect but maybe not his loneliness . His `` Batman '' voice is ok but one scene where he questions a police officer seems really forced . As for the rest of the cast there 's one weak link
 Batman fans have been waiting a long time for a really awesome Batman movie , and well , the wait is finally over . Seven years after the franchise was nearly ruined by Joel Schumacher 's attempt to make Batman `` family friendly '' , ace director Christopher Nolan along with comic-nerd screenwiter David S. Goyer wipe the slate clean and go back to the drawing board . What they 've come up with is a brilliant comic book movie . Batman Begins is so good in fact that it even blows aways last year 's excellent Spider-Man 2 . This is simply an Oscar-worthy movie . It may be a little far-fetched for a superhero movie to be up for Best Picture consideration , but if ever a superhero movie had a chance , Batman Begins is certainly it . Never before has the character seemed so real and believable as he does in this movie , and never before has the audience been so motivated to care about him . Never before have we had an actor of Christian Bale 's caliber in the role of Bruce Wayne . With a supporting cast that includes Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman , Tom Wilkinson , Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine , how can you lose ? With a brilliant director like Christopher Nolan at the helm , you ca n't . The film explores the origins of the character and , for the first time in a Batman movie , actually gives us a plausible reason for a grown man to put on a costume and mask and fight crime . The movie makes the character seem less silly and more believable . For the first time , we get a true portrait of Bruce Wayne
 This Film goes back to the basics , and these basics have n't even been scratched by the previous Batman Films . Batman -LRB- 1989 -RRB- was great and really enjoyable but unfortunately was n't timeless . I give it credit because it got non-Batman Fans to explore into the comic books thereby expanding their horizons on the characters in general . Batman Returns & Batman Forever ... well they had their ups and downs . -LRB- Batman & Robin I exclude totally -RRB- . After a complete out-burst of comic book films post 1999 we see the full grand scale cinematic appearences of all the Marvel Comic Book Heroes . Again , lot of ups and downs ! The X-Men Series leaves a good concrete impression as does the Blade Series . Spider-man and Spider-man 2 make their mark in a sugary diabetic sort of way but still leave the viewer a very satisfied customer . Daredevil -LRB- highly underated -RRB- stays true it self beginning to end . Hulk , decent special effects and style The Punisher , Elektra etc etc. ... I honestly have no real complaints as to how these comic films have turned out ; I consider them enjoyable , each in their own way.Enter 2005 , enter Christopher Nolan 's Batman Begins . It not only Tops the Marvel Universe Movies , it pretty much knocks all of them out of proportion . Christian Bale makes the finest Batman ever , One of the only superhero actors to play his alter ego with the same amount of enthusiasm as he does the title role . This Movie is altogether about Christian Bale as Batman and the rest of the cast -LRB- superbly played -RRB- blends into the scenes with him -LRB- The Main Character -RRB- . According to me , this in the only comic film that accomplishes that . A Superior Story -LRB- David `` The Dude '' Goyer -RRB- , a Brilliant Cast and an extremely talented Director Nolan make this the most memorable superhero movie ever and one of the greatest contributions in 2005 . The Dark Knight Triumphs Forever !
 Batman Begins is the long awaited fifth film in the Warner Bros.Batman Series.This series started off strong with Tim Burton 's first film Batman with Kim Basinger as Vicky Vale , the love interest for both our hero and our villian , Jack Nicholson having a field day as the psychotic Joker , and in one of the strangest casting decisions ever that actually worked , Michael Keaton played Batman and Bruce Wayne and he played both roles brilliantly.After three years , Tim Burton returned to Batman in Batman Returns , where Batman -LRB- once again Michael Keaton , playing the role sadly for the last time -RRB- fighting the powerful duo of Catwoman -LRB- played by a amazing Michelle Pfiefer -RRB- and the Penguin -LRB- played by Danny DeVito , who really did n't do that great -RRB- while Bruce Wayne is falling for Catwoman 's alter-ego , Selina Kyle , who wants revenge on her boss for killing her.While Returns is a good chapter , it was called too dark and depressing , which is true.It was decided that the series needed to become lighter.Three years passed and Batman returned in Batman Forever.A new director in Joel Schumacher made things more colorful and a little cheesy.Batman -LRB- now played by Val Kilmer , who was better than Keaton , IMO -RRB- now taking on the sinster Two-Face -LRB- Tommy Lee Jones -RRB- and the insane Riddler -LRB- played by a absolutley hilarious Jim Carrey -RRB- with the help of his new found ally , Robin -LRB- Chris O'Donnell -RRB- . All this is happening while Bruce has found a new love interest in Dr.Chase Meridan -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- . All in all , Forever was a huge hit , despite not being a favorite in the series.Next , Batman & Robin.Batman -LRB- now played by George Clooney -RRB- and Robin -LRB- Chris O'Donnell , again -RRB- take on another group of villians : Mr.Freeze -LRB- Arnold Schwarzenegger -RRB- , Poison Ivy -LRB- Uma Thurman -RRB- , and her flunky , Bane.With the help of Batgirl -LRB- Alicia Silverstone -RRB- , our heroes must stop the villans before it 's too late.Although I enjoy this film , many people hate it and it 's okay.It was considered to be the worst Batman film ever and the worst of the Schumacher films.Anyway , the series was considered dead ... until now !!!!! Batman is back in a big way in this amazing film directed by Christopher Nolan.This film gives the resons of how Bruce Waynebecame the Dark Knight.Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christain Bale , who is the best Batman EVER -RRB- is in the Himalayas where our story begins in a prison cell where a man named Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- offers Bruce a chance to join the League of Shadows , where Bruce can be taught how to fight against injustice under the leadership of the mysterious Ra 's Al Ghaul.After he learns some incredible skills , he decides to return to Gotham and do something about the criminals who run the streets.With the help of his loyal butler and friend Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , a man named by Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- who makes his equipment , and Defense Attorney and childhood friend , Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- , he will battle the psychotic Scarecrow -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- , evil crime boss Falconie -LRB- Tom Wilkimson -RRB- , and the ruler of the League of Shadows himself , Ra 's Al Ghaul.This is the most intelligent and best of the series.The plot is great and has several twists and turns.The cast is great : Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , and Tom Wilkimson are great in the roles they have been given , especially the first three I mentioned.Katie Holmes does decent in her role , just do n't expect anyting groundbreaking.Cillian Murphy is terrific in the role of the Scarecrow and is downright scary.And Christain Bale IS Batman and makes you forget Kilmer , Keaton , and especially Clooney.He is amazing in the role and he is the best Bruce Wayne , too.So , if you were n't satisfied by the first four , Begins will be the one you 'll enjoy !!!!!! See this as soon as possible!The Ultimate Batman movie is here and it 's Batman Begins !!!!!!
 Ok well I was bored so after all my exams were finished I went with a friend of mine to go and see `` Batman Begins '' I thought it would be just an okay movie but it turned out to be an absolutely extrodinary film that I have seen in years . The acting was very good Christian Bale showed his best performance as the Caped Hero it was better than his acting in `` American Psycho '' he showed a GREAT performance but the one that did really good was Katie Holmes although her role was not that major -LRB- she was casted 4th on the credit list -RRB- she showed a great performance as a district attorney named Rachel Dawes who is the childhood friend of bruce wayne . She and Bruce have a bond and a intimate connection but in the end they decide to go separate ways instead of staying together . Batman Decides to fight the law while she decides to protect it . She dumps him in the end . The Action was good some parts only one the part where Bruce lost his parents and went to a place to train was very boring that was like 25 mins of the movie . I thought it was also quite scary when the scarecrow would inject hallucinageons into people to frighten them its scary . Although this movie was SPECTACULAR !!!!!!
 I saw this movie 3 times . It 's an incredible movie and is worthy of all the praise it can get . The acting and directing is top notch . Also the story is great . Ca n't wait to see Bale and Nolan again in a few years .
 but i was n't expecting such a dark movie ! like fantastic four is n't like that so what ? it does n't matter too me , but i liked fantastic four alot BECAUSE i was hoping it was goofy ok ? but anyway this one is good but the dark alley scenes are wierd like he comes out attacks and flies away ! but why did n't he use a grappling hook like before ? he flies with his cape a certain way !!!
 This franchise has been revived by the smarts of Christopher Nolan and his colleagues . Tim Burton 's first two Batman movies were great , especially the first one with the ingenious decision of having Jack Nicholson as The Joker . But Joel Schumacher ruined the franchise and I was saddened by the last two Batman films preceeding Batman Begins . Thank God I can be enthuzed about Batman movies again and I ca n't wait until the next one to see my favorite villain of all time , the Harlequin of Hate , the Ace of Knaves , the Clown Prince of Crime , `` The Joker '' !!!!! Rumor has it that Johnny Depp may play the Joker in the sequel , I think this is a good choice , but it is hard to fit the shoes of Jack Nicholson , he played such a great demonic clown . This movie has to be in anybody 's collection , it does not disapponit !
 this movie is good not great because it follow the comics but not batman personalty micheal keaton got it right as far batman make up don , t get me wrong bale did a good actor but he got batman wrong i read the comics the batman keaton got right blade was better than this movie because wesley carries the darkness of blade bale don , t carry that well two because bale did he better val and geoge than two his verison it , s just as good as the frist batman movie not better than keaton this is better than superman returns for one the joker didn , t kill his pranets mr , s fox is in it .
 i do n't know but why did they kill the bad guy like that ? it was kinda anti-climatic right ? just electrocute off-screen ? what was that for anyway ? and the bad guy just has a wierd costume that does n't mutate on him or anything . here 's a problem :1 . it 's too serious could n't batman joke a little ? all he did was say `` does it come in black ? '' and that 's all i heard . ok i like action and fighting but they also need a few jokes !!!
 While I agree that this is not the Bruce Wayne we 've seen in other Batman movies , this is a younger Bruce Wayne , so I do n't see why nobody seems to take into consideration his lack of age reflects his lack of wisdom.Aside from that , there was only one flaw I really had a problem with in this movie.The machine meant to `` fog up '' the city is described in the film as originally being a military weapon designed to shoot microwaves to diminish enemy water supplies in desert combat from long distances ... You ca n't focus microwaves from long distances . They need to project into a cone after a certain amount of travel , which would make it mighty ineffective for combat , as it would probably spread the beam out and hit our guys too -LRB- Wheee ! -RRB- . So , HA ! Try to look intelligent by complaining about the film now , all of you whiners ! You did n't even know that microwaves ca n't be focused into a consistent beam , which is the most important premise to be taken into consideration , as the whole film revolves around it.I mean , seriously ! How could you NOT know that about microwaves ?! That 's the first thing anyone would know!Ahahahahahahahahah!I mean , how stupid do you have to be - hahaha - not to know that microwaves do not have a single-ray projection dynamic - hahaha , how insidiously insipid of you!Anyhow , the film was pretty . So I was able to let that slide and pretend the machine did something else to diminish water supplies.After that , the film is pretty forgivable.I give it 3.5 stars .
 Really great movie . You will love it even if you are n't into the whole `` batman '' thing , as it has a sense of realism . Definitely recommended .
 A truly great movie ! It has everything ! Suspense , drama , action and a good story line . This version of the Batman certainly resurrected the franchise from the doldrums . The DVD is excellent with a lot of extras .
 Batman Begins is an all time favorite of mine and one I wanted to have on blu-ray . The transfer is excellent . At 1080p at 73 '' -LRB- Mitsubishi 2008 DLP -RRB- the picuture is stunning . No macroblocking in fast scenes -LRB- like in the DVD release -RRB- . Audio sounds amazing in 7.1 . However the extras are a bit slim .
 Batman Begins is a really good movie . I enjoyed it because it was n't like the comic book depictions I have seen in the past . It was more for an adult audience and showed how he got to be Batman and why . It did n't have all the silly , stupid things that the old movies had . It was more like a drama and my whole family really enjoyed it . Christian Bale was excellent as Batman and everyone in the movie did a terrific job .
 This review focuses on Burton 's Batman -LRB- Batman89 , Batman Returns -RRB- , Nolan 's Batman -LRB- Batman Begins , the Dark Knight -RRB- , and 1992 original Batman
 Batman begins is a great movie , there is no doubt about that as I 'm sure you all know . That 's just it though . . its the only thing great about this set . The postcard picture 's are nice but whatever you know ? And the comic is alright but it does n't really have any of the character 's you wan na see , it 's just the bank job from The Dark Knight so it 's no big deal . In the end I can only recommend this movie the the truly HARD CORE hard core fans of the new batman movie 's . For me -LRB- a fan of batman but not a hard core fanatic -RRB- just the blu-ray it 's self would have been a better buy .
 As the title says it is the begining of Batman , you have to see this oneto the other ones .
 I bought this movie after hearing the soundtrack which grabbed me by the throat and would n't let go . This is the story of how Batman became who he is . It was action-packed , well acted and very entertaining . The process by which Batman created himself with special effects and psychology is intriguing .
 Batman Begins was such a relief for Batman fans . Finally we have a movie that is worth braggin about and has taken the franchise in a great new direction . This one is definitely the 2nd best Batman movie to date . . and I say that because The Dark Knight was just so damn good . Even if you 're not a `` superhero '' movie fan , you 'll like this one . This takes away the `` supernatural/superhero '' aspects of other comic movies , and turns it more realistic . Highly Recommend .
 The Batman film series since it began in 1989 has been on a rollercoaster ride . It started out full speed with `` Batman '' and continued that way in 1992 with `` Batman Returns . '' Then in 1995 with `` Batman Forever '' and later in 1997 with `` Batman and Robin '' Joel Schumacher took that fun Batman ride to a very , very low point ... he basically knocked the coaster off the tracks critically injuring the many Batman fans in the process . So it 's no wonder that the series was in need of an overhaul.Eight years later , and thanks to Christopher Nolan , the rollercoaster is back on the tracks and once again going full speed ahead . He revamped and reinvented the Batman franchise with `` Batman Begins . `` Finally , we see why Batman became Batman . We see what motivates him , where he learned those fancy kung fu moves , where he got his gadgets . We see Bruce Wayne 's transformation into his alter ego , Batman , and his battle against injustice in Gotham City . It 's always interesting to see why a superhero becomes a superhero . That alone can place `` Batman Begins '' amongst `` Spiderman '' as one of the greatest comic book/superhero movies of all time.That aside , what really gets this coaster rolling again is Nolan 's vision of how a Batman movie should be . Basing the film in reality , placing Batman in a realistic Gotham City , is ingenious . Gotham is a city overrun with crime and corruption with realistic villains attempting realistic crimes . Not the Riddler trying to read the minds of Gotham 's innocent citizens via a TV box -LRB- `` Batman Forever '' -RRB- . Overall , `` Batman Begins '' has made the film series more mature , aiming at an older audience with a much more serious film . `` Batman Begins '' has truly marked a revolution for the franchise .
 for the last couple of years , i 've been hearing a ton of rumors for the next batman flick ; and i 've trying to be up to date on production , cast rumors , etc. but now , i know that this movie is gon na happen . and it 's gon na be one of the best films of the century . i 've seen both the teaser and theatrical trailer in theaters and it looks absolutely amazing ; christian bale looks like a good actor to play a young bruce wayne . it seems as if there 's being some much put into this movie i ca n't hardly wait . hopefully , after the success of Batman Begins warner bros. would had have the guts to release all five batman films to special edition dvds . anyway , the date is friday june 17 , 2005 . hope it turns out great .
 Loved the darkness of this version . Beats the comic book crap of the others . Bring on the bats , the fear , the secret society of killers . Batman is one of us , he is a vampire .
 Pessoal do Brasil e Portugal , este filme tem legendas e audio em POrtugues Brasileiro , podem comprar sem problemas , na embalagem esta escrito audio e legendas em Ingles , Frances e espanhol , mas no meu do filme tem o nosso PT_BR . Otima compra a todos e boa diverso .
 Fantastic movie and fantastic quality in BluRay.RIP Heath as this is one of his finest performances , a great take on the Joker . Fantastic effects , great cast , and well put together .
 In Batman Begins , director Christopher Nolan gave us the most realistic and , at the same time , the most faithful-to-comic-book representation of Batman yet - or of any comic book hero , for that matter -LRB- at least until Iron Man -RRB- . It is a great story of origins , as well as of character . The film is full of quotes that tell you who Batman is and what he is about
 This is my favorite movie with Star Wars Episode IV Return of the Jedi . It 's a dark movie and a tiny bit scary , but it 's still great ! In the end Batman fights the Ducard in a great battle on the train . It 's a great movie !
 For a PG-13 movie Batman Begins is pretty clean and fun . This movie is rated mostly for violence and scary images . The story is about how Batman came to be , -LRB- really ? -RRB- and the challenges he faced overcoming his fears . -LRB- Never thought that Batman was afraid of bats , did you ? -RRB- The movie does a great job in portraying the message of overcoming your fears and standing up against evil . Batman 's girlfriend , or whoever that girl is , is one of my favorite characters in the movie as she is very virtuous and encouraging Batman to do what is right.Overall , `` Batman Begins '' is a fun movie , pretty clean , and can teach the lesson of overcoming one 's fears .
 Darkness , evil , and corruption ... thats what you 'll get when you watch this movie . But for all the turmoil in Gotham , there is one beacon of hope , though this beacon is quite dark himself . Bruce Wayne , played by the talented Christian Bale , is Batman , a hero for the people w / his own set of problems ... dating back to his parents murder when he was just a boy . Throughout the movie he tries to deal with these issues while saving Gotham from `` the bad guy . `` The special effects in this movie are incredible . Plus the batmobile just kicks a ** . I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone looking for some dark , moody entertainment .
 Prior to this movie , I had always wondered why they didnt adapt the frank miller versions of batman comics into movies , they always seemed to sinister , dark , the way i felt batman should always be portrayed.Finally they did so . I admit when i went to the movies for this I didnt expect much considering the previous abomination of a series with george clooney and val kilmer involved but I was so wrong.It held very close to the theme of the books and kept true to the dark nature , i believe was best intended for this character.I cant wait for the next one with heath ledger as the joker , this is going to be exceptional !
 One of the biggest surprises in cinema that said year , ` Batman Begins ' proves to be everything one could ask for in a superhero movie . It 's got some breathtaking action scenes , some great fight scenes and some amazing special effects . What takes this film over the edge though , making it far removed from the previous efforts is that the script is tight , the acting is superb and the characters are so well fleshed out that they become three dimensional . We , the audience , feel like we know Bruce Wayne inside and out and we understand where he 's coming from . We do n't get that feeling from the previous films . Christian Bale does such a brilliant job with his character that I 'm tempted to say he was snubbed come awards season . He truly did deserve some recognition for his work here . He took a character that has been played before with no real depth and transformed him into someone we could relate to and cheer for . He did for Batman what Daniel Craig did for James Bond.The film may start on the slow side of things as has been commented on before . It 's a general retelling of The Dark Knights origin so it 's bound to be a lot of story telling versus an over abundance of action . The action does come , just not right away . I actually enjoyed watching Wayne 's story slowly unfold . It 's very interesting to see where he got his start since the concept has not been pursued in any of the Batman films before this one . The film explores the training Wayne undergoes after his parents are murdered and he flees the country . Upon returning some years later to a city overrun by criminals Wayne makes it his personal agenda to rid Gotham City of the waste and filth that permeates the streets . After returning though , and donning the cape , Bruce finds that struggling to keep a firm grasp on his two personas may be his biggest challenge.Like I mentioned , Bale does a fantastic job with tackling both Bruce Wayne and Batman , two separate characters who both need delicate attention . He 's cocky and self-sure , doubtful and reserved , distant and egotistical , responsible and afraid , all of these things and sometimes all at once , and he handles his emotions so effortlessly he completely sinks into his character and becomes the Bat . Another standout performance comes from rising star Cillian Murphy who devours his role as Jonathan Crane or better known as ` The Scarecrow ' . He 's splendidly evil , the type of character that gets right under your skin and festers . He 's perfectly cast . Michael Caine is perfectly cast -LRB- and I was skeptical -RRB- as Alfred , the family butler and Liam Neeson is always good , and as Wayne 's mentor Henri Ducard he 's especially effective . Katie Holmes is decent , but her role is somewhat thankless , as is Morgan Freeman 's but he still delivers . And let 's just say that while Ken Wantanabe kicks butt as Ra 's Al Ghul he 's no where near as awesome as Neeson as the film comes to a close.So , with all this talk of actors pulling out the stops I need to mention the brilliance that was and is Christopher Nolan who was , I 'm sure , very close to Oscar consideration for his direction here . He effortlessly staged this entire film and delivers wonderfully , from his script to his finished product . The set pieces are fantastic , the action scenes are well choreographed and the pace of the film , the editing is all fantastic and close to perfect . The props , everything from gadgets to the new and totally improved Batmobile , are brilliantly modernized and dare I say `` oh so cool '' . The film deserves our attention and will garner repeat viewings . I 'm tempted to say it 's better than Sam Raimi 's ` Spider Man ' Blockbusters , but that 's open to speculation . With a cast this huge , and equally impressive , and a director this in tune with his subject , ` Batman Begins ' never falters and remains one of the best films of 2005 .
 Excellent movie depicting how batman became batman . Excellent storyline , you 're always thinking what 's going to happen next . Great acting . This movie should definitely accelerate Christain Bales career . Good action sequences !
 The people who bought this movie is looking for its image quality and i will review this aspect of this DVD . I own a KDF-46E2000 sony rear projection LCD with 720 of resolution and the movie looks awesome . Cristal clear image with no visible grain or blemish including the dark scenes of the movie -LRB- and this movie has a lot -RRB- . Highly recommended . I 'm not a big fan of extras but the extras are good , but are in the resolution of traditional dvd . Do n't expect the extras to look like the movie . If you have any doubt about buying this movie go ahead with confidence , you will not be dissapointed .
 This is a very well-made movie . The cast , acting , direction , cinematography , and writing are all excellent as are the visual effects.The HD-DVD version packs in a number of extras -LRB- deleted scenes , commentary , etc. -RRB- which is expected.The best feature of this film is the fact that running in 1080i resolution there are no blue-screen artifacts or visual blemishes . HD-DVDs are worth the extra expense for movies such as this one which offer stunning visuals and excellent story telling .
 I had done a review on this some time ago and I must admit I 'm ashamed to say I gave this film a really bad review . I actually fell asleep the first time watching this movie . I was with friends and we had a few drinks and we were not expecting such a deep film . So with that in mind we were all waiting for this film to get going . I decided I needed to give this film another chance and I would watch it in my home theater -LRB- which was not built the first time I watched this movie -RRB- . This film is a comic book geeks dream come true . There is so much attention to detail in this movie that it takes an hour before we see The Batman . I am sure this is what put some people off who did n't like this film , but I found myself engrossed in this man 's personal journey . To be fair to mainstream movie goers , I was a big comic book reader in my youth and I still love super hero films and collectables to this day , so this film might be a tad bit tedious and dark for a person who really is n't into comic book heroes.Although I did enjoy this film it seemed to be a little too serious for my taste . A casual movie go-er might want to try Spider-Man , it 's got a great story and it 's a lot of fun ... something I expect from a superhero movie . OK , all you DC fans I 'm bracing myself ... ; - b
 Batman Has always been one of my favorite comic heroes . This movie departs from the somewhat whimsical , goofyfied villans of the last few installments and returns to a more serious feel . It explores how Bruce Wayne evolves into Batman from his Ninja like training to his cool gear.His mentor becomes his nemesis in a great finale . This is a really cool movie . I am an amature film maker so the `` making of '' features on the dvd are a real education . My only critique is that some of the fight scenes are shot so in tight that you do n't get a good look at the action .
 Dark , hard-hitting - the Batman I have grown to love in the comic book . Still an interpretation of the Batman myth , but a believable and engrossing interpretation . The supporting cast are phenomenal , highly recommended .
 Well - you could label me a little biased - seeing how I am a die-hard Batman fan ; however here 's what I think of the movie ... 1 - The original movie , is , no-doubt , as people dub it - ` the definitive Batman film ' , and a masterpiece , and without any second thoughts - thee BEST movie of 2005 , speaking of ALL movies of 2005 . It 's story can touch anyone , since it 's an origin film , and people do n't need to know a thing about Batman , and still discover him in this movie .2 - The deluxe edition - yeah , there are loads of special features , which I watched all in two to three days ; and it 's all interesting , amusing -LRB- in some cases -RRB- , and worthwhile . The reason I dock a star off , is because I wish they had more cast interviews about the story , they often talked about stunts in the movie , talking with the Director , but you never really hear all that much what they think of their character , or how they tried to `` tap into '' an already previous made character ... 3 - Another reason for docking a star , is because there 's no commentary ; I do n't listen to commentaries that much , but seeing how Batman Begins is my `` NEW FAVORITE MOVIE '' , I 'd like to hear at least Christopher Nolan 's -LRB- and perhaps David S. Goyer - a screenwriter , and Christian Bale , or another actor -RRB- comments on scene to scene ... However , Batman Begins is worth the buy - if you are n't as die hard as a fan I am , at least just buy the standard , trimmed DVD with the movie ... - Kevin R.-K . Davis / IDAHO
 This is the best Batman movie that has been made . Much , much better than the Tim Burton and Joel Shumaker Batman movies . Has really good acting , good special effects , good plot , and no over-the-top , campy villians . Definitely recommended.Tag
 Great DVD for a great price . Bought it just for the film . If your looking for extras , I suggest the other versions that are available .
 I do n't but a lot of DVD 's but when I do , I always purchase used ones . Why spend more money when you do n't have to . Every time I have bought a used DVD from Amazon , I have been impressed . The product always looks brand new .
 The disc came from Amazon quickly , Good packaging . Excellent movie , recommned to everybody . I am very pleased with the order I placed .
 The great beginning of Batman ! Nolan is awesome ! The greatest of all heroes!O maior her&oacute;i que existe !!!! Batman &eacute; o CARA !!!!!!!!!!!!
 It 's a Batman film , and Joel Schumacher had nothing to do with it . Therefore , it kicks butt . Also , Cillian Murphy has really pretty eyes .
 I bought this way back then . It was either this or the regular blu ray . I looked at the prices and this was actually cheaper , can you believe it ? $ 12 for the limited edition means you better get it since you get some goodies even though I could n't use the voucher . Oh well , another souvenir .
 I did not care much for any of the previous Batman films . The first movie , which was directed by Tim Burton , was okay I guess . I had some major problems with it , but it was n't horrible . I just did n't think it was very good . -LRB- A position I have held since I first saw that movie , not just since I saw the Dark Knight . Although I do n't see what difference it makes if Dark Knight had made me like Batman '89 less -RRB- . I got some serious heat when I reviewed that movie . There 's nothing else I can say about my position on that movie that I have n't stated many times already . You either agree with me or you do n't . I ca n't do any more to change your mind . Batman Returns was , in my opinion , the closest that the Warner Bros. . Batman series came to making a great Batman movie . Again , many people disagree with me , but that 's my position . Batman Forever was not good , but I do n't hate it . It was meant to be a lighter Batman movie that younger kids could enjoy , after the parental backlash that Batman Returns got . Batman and Robin was admittedly a fiasco , but I actually enjoy watching that movie . It 's what could be called an unintentional comedy , a movie that sucks so badly that it is actually funny . Nevertheless , that movie killed the Batman movie franchise , and it was not resurrected again until eight years later . Batman Begins was at the time the best Batman movie by far , and is still one of the best superhero comic book movies I have ever seen in my life . It does n't just fix all the problems of the previous movie series . It erased those movies from my mind and showed me what Batman really looks like on the big screen.Man , where to begin . Let 's start with the plot . This movie abandons the continuity of the previous series , and starts a whole new story line from scratch . This was definitely a wise choice . In this movie , we actually get to see the origin of Batman , who he is , his training , and we actually explore why he became Batman , something Batman '89 never really answered . At all . It was probably a wise choice not to put Batman 's origin and the Joker in the same movie , mainly because the Joker is more interesting than Batman . I did n't like Jack Nicholson 's interpretation as the Joker , but he still overshadowed Keaton 's performance of Batman . No matter how you play the Joker , he is always going to steal the show away from Batman in any film . That 's what happened in the Tim Burton movie , and that 's what happened in The Dark Knight . Except it was okay in this instance , because this movie is centered on Batman . In Dark Knight , the Joker takes center stage , but we already have been introduced to Batman in the previous movie . The movie starts with Bruce Wayne in a Chinese prison , a man who has pretty much lost his way . He is approached by Henri Ducard , who wants him to join the League of shadows . Through a series of flashbacks , Bruce 's childhood is revealed , and how his parents were murdered in a random mugging . It was nice that they put in Joe Chill , the man who killed the Waynes in the comics . I did n't really care for the '89 version which had the Joker killing Batman 's parents in order to set up the complicated relationship that Batman and the Joker have . In this version , just like in the comics , Bruce feels animosity towards crime in general , not just against one person . The fact that Bruce is never able to take his revenge on Chill really generalizes Batman 's mission . In the '89 version , when Batman finds out that it was the Joker who killed his parents , then after he killed the Joker , why would he continue to be Batman ? He would feel a sense of finality in avenging his parents ' murder . In this movie , he lost his parents without ever really being able to avenge their murders . The only way he can truly avenge their murders is by destroying the thing that killed them
 This movie has grabbed the attention of all those who have grown up in American culture with batman as there childhood hero . This movie revives the darker side of the dark knight as opposed to the corny movies of the nineties . It is a heart breaking scene to see the psychological trauma the young Bruce Wayne goes through as his parents are gunned down and become the victims of a mugging . As a result of this trauma Bruce becomes confused about his life and his purpose , he becomes a bit of a juvenile brat of sorts . Upon the hard truth that a friend named Rachel gives him , Bruce sets out upon a soul searching period and travels to Asia and ends up in a prison that toughens him up . Finally he is discover by a ninja master who belongs to a sect that has for centuries used their power to better the world through violent means . This group has a truly utilitarian view of justice seeing that it does n't matter who gets hurt as long as in the end more happiness and peace can be seen in the world . It is interesting to note that this line of thought would n't typically be found in the Asian culture , but is more a western idea that was imposed on them in this movie . Bruce eventually rejects this philosophy and seeks what he considers to be just vengeance . The one difference between the ninja sect that trained him is that he refuses to kill because it will make him like the criminals and particularly the criminals that killed his parents . Bruce takes one the image and title batman in response to a childhood fear of his , in order to frighten the criminals from their ways . Near the end of the movie he pushes the line with his convictions by letting a man he could have saved die , in some sense relieving him of the guilt of the mans death.Overall this movie is a good watch although there are some philosophical reservations that should be taken into account . It is an interesting fact that the `` bad guys '' where a group with a utilitarian philosophy and the `` good guy '' had a self imposed ethical code which is a very postmodern way of thought . This is interesting because postmodernism is the trendy thing or the worldview that is in at the moment . How this movement comes out in movies is subtle but their there if you look for them.Also ethics is something that simply ca n't be avoided when dealing with Hollywood movies . The sad fact is that Bruce was seeking revenge for his parents and could never and can never become satisfied with it because of the simple fact that vengeance only leaves a person feeling empty inside . He took his anger out on those whom never did him any person harm , and as a result of the life he has chosen to live he pushes away the only one in his life whom could perhaps find relief from his pain in . And do we really want our young people to buy into the mentally that when someone wrongs you , violence is the proper response towards those who do wrong . Is it not those that live by the sword that die by it . And those that are violent only spawn more violence around them . Although it should be noted that appropriate responses to correlating crimes under the law are a bit different . But to become a vigilante and break the law in order to uphold it is a bit oxymoronish.Batman is yet another in a series of dark heroes who push the line as far as most can accept it . Everything unto the point of death , even torture is deemed right or even ethical for the batman . The impressionable young are never considered when these heroes are portrayed sadly to say . And to say that they and even us adults are n't impressionable is absurd , if not then explain to me why the advertising industry spends billions of dollars a year on media if it did n't have an effect on how people behaved ? So I strongly caution open armed acceptance , especially ethically of this movie .
 It 's no Dark Knight , but then again , what is ... anyway , still better than all the `` original '' Batman movies . At least the quality of the video is great .
 Movie came in new and in shrinked wrapped no marking , sratches or scuffs of any kind .
 What 's not to love ? Its got a great and flawed super hero , action , thoughtful storyline and good acting . The only thing that should have went was Katie Holmes .
 Seriously.A top-notch cast directed by a capable director in a intense , atmospheric , and psychological film that 's easily among the most idealogically faithful comic adaptations to date.Fans of the comics will be thrilled by the integrity in the characters and plot . Non-fans will also enjoy masterful performances by A-list actors in a storyline that makes it seem perfectly reasonable for a grown man to dress up like a giant bat.See this movie . Now .
 I went to see this film the nite it opened in theaters and I was very impressed ! I kind of had the feeling the film would be good since the producers got alot of the ideas for this movie from Frank Miller 's `` Batman
 I 've loved almost every Batman movie that 's come down the pike . Being a fan of the comic for years , having grown up with it and the camp TV series , watching it change , reinvesting in it when my son was old enough , I 've seen the caped crusader in all his incarnations . But the last two films twisted what started as an interesting concept and directed them back towards camp and not in the best way possible . This films makes up for all of that.The film opens with Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- in a prison in some Asian country . Fighting among the prisoners with a sort of jubilation , Wayne is visited by a mysterious man -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- who discusses with him the where 's , why 's and how 's of what led him here . They discuss his need for revenge . And then he offers him a chance to find the answers that he seeks , if he will complete the simple task of bringing a flower to the highest point in what appears to be a mountain monastery.Wayne follows this course and becomes a disciple of a man named Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- , the leader of a select group of ninja warriors trained to root out evil . With Neeson as his instructor , Bruce begins to hone his natural born skills . But when push comes to shove and he is required to kill someone , he revolts , strikes out against his masters and torches the building in the process . But before he does so , he rescues Neeson.Returning home to Wayne Manor in Gotham , Bruce sets out to rebuild his life and confront his demons . In the process he makes plans to save Gotham from the downhill slide it has taken since his departure . In discussing it with his long time friend and butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- he realizes he must do so from a position of secrecy.Throughout all of this we are given glimpses into the past of young Bruce , from the time he fell into an abandoned well that was filled with bats and caused him his deepest darkest fear to the day that his mother and father were cold bloodedly shot in an alley after he asked them to leave the opera they were attending . All of these things have left emotional scars upon young Bruce . And all of them will help to develop the man , the legend that he will soon become.As Bruce returns to life in Gotham he is reacquainted with the girl he grew up with , Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- . Now a member of the district attorney 's office , she remembers the Bruce she knew long ago . She struggles with the world that Gotham has become and regrets the fact that Bruce is not the man about town playboy socialite only concerned with the next party instead of the great city his father helped build . She is completely unaware of the man that Bruce truly is and the plans that he has.As Bruce considers his options , he also has to take back control of the company his family helped build . Now run by Erle -LRB- Rutger Hauer -RRB- , it is about to lapse into open the open market since Bruce was thought dead . And may yet do so.All of this progresses without an ounce of boredom for the viewer . The thing that separates this film from the rest is the amount of rich storytelling involved . The plotlines weave in and out of each other as the motivations and backdrop for this hero become evident.While he adjusts to Gotham and the false lifestyle he must portray , Bruce also makes the acquaintance of a member of the family business , Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- . Directed this way by Alfred , Lucius now spends his days in the basement areas of the Wayne building harboring the creations he has come up with over the past years . Everything from body armor to grappling hooks to transportation is there . Upon seeing these items , Bruce knows just the way to put them to use.Going back to the long lost bat cave he visited as a child , Bruce turns it into a secret lair where he creates a costume and then goes forth to fight evil doers . Yeah it sounds hokey but is n't that what Batman did ? And along the way he confronts a new evil , one that intends to turn Gotham into a town brought down by madness.Gangster Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- has aligned himself with a psychiatrist named Jonathan Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- and a benefactor unknown . Crane has developed a highly toxic hallucinogen that transforms those infected with total fear and madness . Upon infecting someone with the drug , Crane puts on a mask and becomes the evil Scarecrow , inducing nightmares beyond belief.A face off between these three is inevitable and as Bruce aka Batman grows accustomed to his new persona , more comfortable in it , the chances of his survival increase . Along with one single policeman he trusts , James Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- , Batman sets out to stop the plan that has been put in motion . But even he has no idea who the real foe he is confronting is . And the revelation of that is a surprise not only for him but for viewers as well.The movie does two things with ease . It makes the story of Batman just that , a story rather than a framework with which to place characters and toy designs around . It fills it out like it has never been done before and makes you think it all plausible , if not possible.The other thing it does is offer a movie that is filled with action and romance and adventure and it does so in spades . This is a fun movie that kids , perhaps not too young , can enjoy as well as grandma who may remember the old sixties show.The movie features excellent acting all round with no one person taking the full credit . Each and every actor stands out . The special effects are eye dazzling and they compliment the character and story rather than become the main feature.This film opened big at the box office and deservedly so . If you 're looking for a movie that tells a tale and entertains from beginning to end , then this is the one to see .
 Tim Burton 's original Batman was truly groundbreaking and did deserve the huge amounts of praise it recieved -LRB- I never really cared for any of the sequels . While the Joker was surreal , at least he was accetable . Batman Returns carried the unreality a little far -RRB- . However , it was flawed . Mainly , it was small things that caught my attention , such as the fact that Batman 's suit was so stiff that he could hardly fight in it -LRB- did it bother anybody else that he could n't even turn his neck ? -RRB- and the movie made me wonder how organized crime could realisticly be so obvious in a city and no one do anything about it . Batman Begins makes the corruption of Gotham 's judicial system and police department very real and makes you realize that an independent like Batman , as unlikely a hero as he is , is badly needed . And instead of skirting around the issues with the batsuit we finally see every part of it explained from the horns on his head to the reason for the design of his cape and -LRB- GASP ! -RRB- it actually seems plausable , even almost likely . Other pluses include
 If you love this movie buy the HD version . If you do n't , the standard version is fine .
 Good movie . . and best actor for this character to date .
 The strongest of the batman films , well made , well edited , superbly acted , truest to the heart of the dark knight . Real good action flic .
 i saw this movie this past summer it , s a good movie it , s better than other two batman movies batman forever and batman and robin . this movie got something right as far the comic goes theJoker did n , t kill bruce pranets keaton did a better job as batman mr bale played a good batman this movie . Has Minor actor in it a good saga review 7/10
 This is a good Batman movie . It tells the story of Bruce Wayne 's life as a child and the psychological factors that made him become what he is today -LRB- although the Frank Miller graphic novel - Batman
 This one 's much more entertaining than the other Batman movies . It 's a good story based on Bruce Wayne 's sincere desire to see justice done and his willingness to lose all to accomplish it . There was n't too much sensuality although Katie Holmes wore some tight shirts and it must have been chilly on the set .
 This is pretty much the greatest comic book adaption ever made!Batman Begins is an epic!The story is so great!The acting is top-notch ! This is as close to the comic book as you can get.Christopher Nolan did a excellent job at actually capturing the myth and personality of Batman on film.Christian Bale plays the role of Bruce Wayne/Batman perfectly , truly like no other before him.All the actors play their parts extremely well , as if they were born for the roles!Batman Begins is an instant classic film , that no doubt will be talked about and remembered for years to come.If you havent bought this movie already , I advise that you add it to your collection!It is truly a must have !
 This is Batman in contemporary turn of the 21st century , not the Batman serial of the 1930s , the campy -LRB- but charming -RRB- Batman TV show of the 1960s or the more recent Tim Burton and Joel Schumacher abominations that ca n't be placed in any specific time setting . You will not see Tim Burton 's Halloweenesque macabre eccentricities or Joel Schumacher mindlessly colourful spectacles . What you will see are Christopher Nolan 's psychological -LRB- and if somewhat ponderous -RRB- analyses into the nature of guilt and fear . Nolan 's Batman is Batman for mature people who want to see a humanized Batman suffering from guilt and fear and venting anger and fear against a corrupt Gotham City . This movie is really about Bruce Wayne as much as Sam Raimi 's Spider-Man movies are really about Peter Parker . By focusing on the emotional man behind the costume rather the cold costume and lifeless gadgets , Nolan has made a realistic superhero film whereas Tim Burton -LRB- who has his cult following -RRB- merely redid his Halloweenesque `` Beetlejuice '' and `` Edward Scissorhands '' films with a bat costume . Whereas Michael Keaton 's Bruce Wayne is a cold and distant robot with a small body frame , Christian Bale 's Bruce Wayne is way better by bringing more physical stature and bringing more drama with his emotional suffering . Like the much-lauded Spider-Man and X-Men films , the pain is psychological , the conflict is internal , and display of physical violence is not the point . Yet , I take 1 star off because Katie Holmes is the movie 's weak link and because Michael Cain 's Alfred is a bit too proletarian compared to Michael Gough 's Alfred . Further , why does a villian with an Arabic name speak Japanese in a Himalayan fortress and why do we have to see another runaway train scene after one was already done in Spider-Man 2 ?
 I agree with the rest that if you have an HD DVD player this is your must own HD title . While Aeon Flux is still thought to be the one that takes HD full capacity visually , Batman Begins does just that but also with AUDIO . The true lossless HD alone is worth having this.But I have to say , personally , while it 's a visually stunning film , it does what it can for such a dark and flat film . We understand that 's part of the story but in terms of visuals it WOWed me but not by much . I 'm sure once we get something more vibrant and colourful with TrueHD sound we 'll regard that as the must have title for your HD player . But for now Batman will surely do.As for the story , well I 'm sure most of us already know what it 's about and already have it on SD DVD so I 'll spare you the details = -RRB-
 First , a recap - after the success of the 1978 Superman film , Warner Brothers was eager to bring another DC Comic book character to the big screen , so naturally , they turned their eyes to the only other DC character who could rival/match Superman for pop culture icon status , Batman -LRB- although Wonder Woman is in third place -RRB- . For ten long , seemingly fruitless years , Warner Brothers and DC struggled to bring Batman to the big screen in hopes that the Dark Knight could have back-to-back success with his big brother the Man of Steel -LRB- at the same time , sadly , Superman 's film franchise went into a slow , steady decline -RRB- , with various writers , directors and actors coming , going , jumping on , jumping off , jumping back on , jumping back off again , etc. . But then Tim Burton , then a new visionary talent on the rise , came along with just enough familiarity with Batman and just enough strength of will and vision to make it happen , and with the backing of the success of `` Beetle-Juice '' , Warners Brothers were just crazy enough to let Tim have a go at it , even if it meant hiring the seemingly less than ideal but in the end very effective Michael Keaton to play the title character . Then in the summer of 1989 , with Superman 's never ending battle for truth , justice and the American way having died on the big screen , Batman stepped in to fill the void , and a phenomenon of epic proportions so rarely seen before or since was born . Then came 1992 's `` Batman Returns '' , which was also a mega-hit but inspired a backlash from parents who found the film to be too dark and mean-spirited for their kids -LRB- parents reportedly had to drag crying children out of the theater that summer -RRB- . In response to this and speculation that Batman could n't hold the fort , Burton was politely asked to step aside and his friend Joel Schumacher came on board with a new Batman , Val Kilmer , stepping in for an MIA Keaton , with the flashier , more light-hearted `` Batman Forever '' , which was also a hit despite taking a great deal of flack over stuff like rubber nipples on the bat suit . But then everything came falling down with `` Batman & Robin '' , which many complained was too campy while the 2nd film had been too dark , and which featured another new Batman , George Clooney , playing the Dark Knight as a light-hearted scamp -LRB- Kilmer at least tried to capture the essence of Batman -RRB- in a film that proved to be too much of everything - too garishly bright , too over the top in spectacle , too overly produced and over-exposed it forced the WB to give Batman a time out , leaving Joel Schumacher with a long and bitter battle on his hands as he fought to rebuild his reputation as an actually good director while Clooney went on to bigger , better things.But Warner Brothers was n't quite done with Batman just yet . After all , he 's one of the great iconic comic book characters alongside the X-Men , Spider-Man and of course , big brother Superman . And once again the WB and DC struggled to get the movie Batman back on his feet , but it would require slimming/trimming/toning it down and going back to basics . Once again , writers , directors , and actors came and went in the seven years between now and then , but finally things came together with director Christopher Nolan , writer David S. Goyer and star Christian Bale . But how to make it fresh , appealing , new , not simply a rehash of the previous films but still undeniably Batman ? By going back to the beginning , delving into what the earlier films only hinted at or lightly touched upon , so much so to the point that in the beginning it does n't even feel like a Batman film.The result is the familiar but well told origin story of how Bruce Wayne lost his wealthy and warm-hearted parents to a random mugger , Joe Chill , but still in connection with criminal kingpin Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- . Years later the conflicted , spiritually lost adult Bruce -LRB- Bale -RRB- , torn between a genuine desire for justice and his thirsting for revenge , embarks on a journey unto which he confronts his deepest fears , trains and hardens himself to his very limits and then , coming back to Gotham City to become symbolic avenger of injustice , the Batman , aided by loyal man-servant/surrogate father figure Alfred -LRB- well played by Michael Caine -RRB- . Additionally , Batman must fight not only Falcone but the Scarecrow/Dr . Jon Crane -LRB- a lightweight Cillian Murphy -RRB- , and Ra 's Ah Guhl -LRB- played by Ken Watanabe and Liam Neeson , the latter in a rare villainous/anti-hero role that he plays very well -RRB- , and he must reclaim his father 's company from the unscrupulous Rutger Hauer with help from Morgan Freeman as Luscious Fox , make an alliance with Gary Oldman 's Sgt/Lt . / eventually Commissioner Jim Gordon , and rescue his foxy/sexy childhood friend turned lawyer brunette Rachael Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes at the beginning of the Tom Cruise fiasco -RRB- . Batman/Bruce Wayne is well played by Christian Bale . At times reusing his `` American Psycho '' performance , Bale hits a few flat notes but on the whole he 's the best new Batman anyone could hope for
 This movie is one of the best I have seen . Christian Bale is what gave this movie it 's essence . What a excellent and hot actor this guy is ! The whole script was excellent . There was nothing wrong with it , everything done perfect . Only if the other batmans were as good as this one.Katie Holmes did not perform a good acting job in this . She was a bad choice for this movie . She showed no chemistry towards Bale , but Bale did showed chemistry towards her.I cant wait for sequels to this one .
 Batman Begins succeeds on many levels . It provides a wide range of fully realized settings . It guves us a satisfying drama , fleshing out the origins of Bruce Wayne until he became Batman . It is filled many good acting performances , large and small . And overall , Christopher Nolan made a lot of smart choices in theme and tone , making this version of Batman much more resonant than any other version.In the final analysis , Batman Begins will be remembered for the performances of Christian Bale , Cillian Murphy , and the fine ensemble supporting cast . And it should also be remembered for its emphaisis on primal fear as the compelling theme for the story . What makes Cillian Murphy 's Scarecrow so scary , is not that he has fancy gadgets or superhuman powers , it is that he has simply enhanced his ability to scare people out of their wits . Batman also uses fear as a main weapon . Christian Bale delivers a wonderful performance because he demonstrates three distinct personas . The first is Bruce Wayne , from scared little boy , to angry young man , to seeker of justice and revenge . The second is Playboy Bruce Wayne , who is a character he plays -LRB- almost exactly the same as his character in American Psycho -RRB- for the sake of his public . And the third is Batman . The genius of Bale 's preformance is that he shows us that he is putting on a performance for the public -LRB- as the Playboy -RRB- and for cops and criminals -LRB- as Batman -RRB- . Bale 's is a performance inside a performance , and I think that is pretty cool . I also want to give brief mention to Gary Oldman , who stands out among the supporting cast -LRB- who would have thought this was the guy that brought Sid Vicious to the screen ? -RRB- . The reason this is a 4-star film and not a 5-star film is that , for all its merits , it fails to deliver the action and it ends up being formulaic in the mold of a typical big budget film . The car chase was pretty good as car chases go , but it was a poor choice . And while it was fine to bring in a gadgetmeister -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- to help explain the Batsuit and his various weapons , less would have been more in terms of superpower type stuff . It was n't necessary to have Batman fly or have a car that can drive across rooftops . The grapling hook was well used . The Batsuit , kick-butt karate , the grapling hook , and a relatively normal Batmobile is about all Batman should have needed to get along . It would have served the action better to cut out the car chase and improved the hand-to-hand fighting sequences . And instead of showing how Batman learned to fly , show us a little bit more of Batman as detective . I mean , show us Batman doing actual detective work , rather than having his very smart allies explain everything to him . That would have been more apealing
 This one gets batman back to his roots , the movie is about Batman and not some super fancy ironic bad guy.More human all round , nicely stylish and a DVD packed full of extras , what more do you want -- this is very nice!receommended !
 The best Batman ever ! The actors were all spectacular and the typecasting was excellent . It was a great story ... very dark but true to the Batman story as told in the comic books of yesteryear . The long build up in the movie to the actual presentation of Batman was very well done and provided the groundwork for a suspenseful and exciting ending . The movie achieves a unique feat in that it retells a story in such a way that it makes the viewer feel like they are experiencing it for the first time.A must for any super hero DVD collection !
 I 'm not a big fan of Batman , but this movie interested me . Batman Begins shows how Batman ` began ' -LRB- hence the title - duh ! -RRB- . In my opinion , if you followed Batman from the very beginning , like if you read the comic strips or saw the cartoons on TV , then you would kind of get a jist of what was going on , and treat this movie as a sequel . I have to admit that some scenes were confusing for this reason , but it made itself up with another incredible scene . This film is definitely worth a watch .
 Finally a version of Batman that seems made for adults instead of children . A decent plot and villains that are not completely over the top . My only complaint would be that most of the scenes in Gotham city are too dark . All in all , an enjoyable action movie to show how the Batman legend begins .
 A great movie with equally great extras . Plenty of extras to delve into with a 6 minute sneak peak of The Dark Knight . Well worth the money .
 Well , I 'm a batman fan . And this is for the one disc set . Heard there were problems with two-disc set but really does n't concern me because I 'm more interested in the movie than the extras . This movie contains a great extra , namely the first scene of The Dark Knight . I actually have to upgrade my dvd software to play that because it was so new and I 'm glad I did because the picture was so sharp and clear . Begins can not even compare . As a movie , you either love it or not . As a product , you can not go wrong with blu ray . Once you go blu ray you never go back .
 Loved this movie since the first time I saw it in the theater . Very glad it 's finally on Blu-ray . Crisp , clean picture and explosive sound , and some great extras , too ! Now bring on The Dark Knight !!!
 The Batman Begins Blu-ray DVD was really cool ! It 's a great story , with a wonderful look at the darker side of the Batman character . And it 's even better -LRB- of course -RRB- on Blu-ray .
 The only thing that i can see wrong with this batman movie is that The Scarecrow sucked , they really messed up on that chracter . ras al ghoul kicked butt . i never heard of that villian untile i watched the special features . this movie was pretty good . christian bale did pretty good as batman . i 'm not to hip on the new batmobile though the one in Batman 1988 was awesome . they should of kept that one . oh well . it was okay . but all in all the movie was good . it 's a must see .
 This movie is not the batman seen on the old TV series . I think the old movies attempted to darken that old theme and came up with something in between . I did enjoy the old movies with that quasi-dark drama/action and plenty of tounge-in-cheek moments . Well , the first couple anyway . The new movie though just fits the character so much better . We knew his motivations for being Batman , but now finally Bruce Wayne acts like the product of his childhood.Without discussing plot , this movie is superior to all other Batman films . Those who say it is slow maybe just want to watch 90 minutes of explosions and car chases . I think this movie has the right amount of action mixed in with pretty deep character development . It is n't just Bruce Wayne , all the characters are important . That is a rarity for movies now . I was reading an interview by the director about shooting of the sequel and he talked about not using a second team for `` unimportant shots '' . He replied that if a shot/scene is truly unimportant , than it should not be in the movie . He 's right , watching the movie again just recently , there was n't a single time where I tuned out due to a scene I did n't like.The acting was top notch across the board . The script was good as well . The League of Shadows was a bit over the top and cliche at times , but it needs to stay true to Batman now.Blu-ray looks great . I did not notice any grainy shots . It is n't the bright vivid HD experience you may see in other movies , but pausing the disk as looking at the detail on the bricks in the background or the swirling smoke really gives you a sense of the picture . When I first put 300 into my HD-DVD player I was dissapointed that they kept it so blurry for the HD transfer . In this film they were able to give detail and sharp edges without loosing that dark feeling . Very good video transfer.The sound is good . I 've heard better sound effects in action movies , but I did n't end the film thinking that the sound was lacking here either . The explosions were not overpowering and it was mixed well so you were n't struggling to hear the quiet dialog one scene then trying to keep your glass from shaking off of the table the next . Too often in action movies today the explosions are too loud for those quiet scenes and you have to artificially crank that center channel to make it watchable in a home environment . The music was well done and added to the movie without it taking center stage.Overall , this is a movie where you can watch it realize that it is complete . No `` director 's cut '' is needed . There are no extra shots . Everything just fits well together . From a movie lover 's standpoint , this movie should be appreciated for that even if you do n't like the plot or premise .
 What a stunning achievement . This is what a superhero movie should be like . A great origin as well as villians . No over the top performances ; everyone did a great job . A lot of people did n't enjoy Katie Holmes in the role she was in , but she really did n't bother me much . The Batmobile was awesome . And the ending was fantastic with a clue as to what villian will be in the next movie - The Dark Knight .
 This is absolutely the best Batman portrayal outside of the source material , and surely one of the top three or four superhero films ever made.Despite some significant revisions to the character 's universe , the film gets the most important aspects right . Done properly , Batman is Dirty Harry , a film noir detective , a ninja , James Bond , a captain of industry , and Dracula combined into one terrifying figure . `` Batman Begins '' comes as close as anything I 've seen to fulfilling that vision . `` The Dark Knight '' is great Joker movie . This is a great Batman movie .
 The blue ray format does a great job of making you notice things of movie shot with the really dark sequences the dark Knight is a great example . This movie was great in a regular DVD but Blu-ray makes everything clear . You notice things that you did n't notice , and for some reason it makes you pay attention to all the vibrant colors . I highly recommend any movie in Blu-ray , and I ca n't wait for the Batman movie . That is currently in theaters now to come to Blu-ray
 That 's a typical prequel . After a certain number of films about and with Batman and his adventures , the saga felt the need to have an origin , a beginning , and a prequel came out of the box . This prequel really has all the necessary qualities to make it interesting , plus a few extra kicks . Of course the childhood of the dear Bruce . He fell into a well , which was not a well but it looked like one and he frightened thousands of bats who attacked him on their way to some escape . That 's his fear . Then he is the witness of the double assassination , or murder , of his father and his mother , and then we jump to his young age when he runs around the world and ends up in some Tibetan ninja-monk-hostel where he meets with some crazy guru who wants to make the world right by killing everyone in Gotham as an example to the world . Our Bruce refuses and comes back to Gotham and tries to set things right , to set crime right , to bring criminals to court and to have them severely convicted and sentenced . It 's when the guru comes back and tries to put his plan in action . Batman will stop him of course , and at the same time he will settle his family business right by re-buying the shares of it and taking the control of it directly . Plus a crazy doctor , or mad doctor if you prefer , plus his girl friend from far away , Rachel , and a little bit of sentimental honey . You have it right . It must work if you create fear and panic . As for that the film is superb and the special effects are so special they nearly look natural though abnormal . Of course the formula is not new . I could quote films and books with the same elements , maybe not all at the same time in one book or one film , but all in Stephen King , Anne Rice and many others . The lessons that are behind that story is that you can not make people happy if they do n't want to be ; that you can not trust any unregulated free market economy because there are also some human beings who will negotiate all obstacles to make a bigger profit , and embezzling and corruption will bring the system down ; that there is no justice if there is not a court , a trial , a conviction , a sentence , and the possibility of parole ; that people need a dream , a symbol , a vision to be set on the right road and to stay on it . And a few other goodies , if you read between the lines and behind the punctuation . Quite great fun all together and if you do n't like the philosophy , you can always get detached and fly to some kind of nirvana , even if it is artificial.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU , University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne , University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines , CEGID
 I love this movie . It 's a great beginning to a franchise . I 'm still debating whether this movie is better than the sequel or not .
 As a small child , Bruce Wayne witnesses the murder of his multi-millionaire father and mother in an alley . Thankfully before their death , they imbedded Bruce with good teachings to make him a good man when he grows up . Later on in life , as a young man , Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- comes back to Gotham City seeking revenge on the man that killed his parents . When plans do n't go accordingly , and also when he lets someone know what his intentions were , he realizes that his path for doing good for the city , is n't the correct path to do it in . So he leaves Gotham to escape and to find his way . And then a man by the name of Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- finds Bruce and tells him of a secret place that will teach him to fight for justice , but he must get there alone . When Bruce gets there , he begins his training in martial arts , ways of the ninja , and fighting what he fears most . After 7 years , Bruce finally returns to a Gotham City that is slowly falling into the bad guys hands . And Bruce takes it upon himself to help rid Gotham of the bad . To make them fear what he fears . To make them face Batman . As Batman begins to clean up the city , he finds out about a plan that will destroy Gotham City schemed up by Scarecrow -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- and someone from his past . A toxin that will make everyone go crazy is about to be released in Gotham and Batman is the only one that can stop it.After some really bad Batman sequels -LRB- 4 and 5 in particular -RRB- , the franchise seemed to have been shot like a race horse with a broken leg . How could you ever come back from nipples on the bat suit ? And then Christopher Nolan steps up and says `` Hey yo , WB , I 'm bout to hit you up the side of the head with a sweet Batman cause you know , I did Memento and Insomnia '' . Ok he did n't really say that , but he did promise them greatness , and greatness was delivered . While at first you think Batman starts off a little slow , you have to realize that we are delving into the persona of Batman himself . The reasons why he became the bat . The way he learned to fight the way he does . And to realize the biggest thing of all ... that Batman is just a man . He has no super powers . He gets hurt just like the rest of us , except his been in some rigorous training to help ignore a lot of the pain . And it 's great to see the two separate entities when it comes to Bruce and the Bats . Batman is the true man now , while Bruce is just the disguise that hides him . While Batman is fighting crime and avenging justice , Bruce is the cocky and fun playboy millionaire that no one would suspect is Batman . Christian Bale was great as both . I still think Michael Keaton is my favorite Bruce though because he just has a ` coolness ' about him , but Christian was definitely great also and is my favorite Batman , even with his kind of weird Batman voice.Christian Bale is n't the only awesomeness going on here in this movie either . Gary Oldman plays , perfectly , Detective Gordon . Even down to the look of him in the graphic novel ` Batman
 That is the best version of Batman Begins . The quality , the extras and the gifts are excellents . 5 cards and a lenticular one , a comic version and a storyboard version of the dark night first scene , all in this box .
 The movie was awesome !! I think that goes without saying.Love it in wide screen blu-ray 10 times more though . If you can get this and Dark Knight both , do it . It will make for one fantastic movie watching experience .
 Love this movie . Loved Christian Bale and all of the other actors in it . Love all of the action in it for sure .
 Great addition to my DVD collection . Shipped fast and was in perfect condition when it arrived .
 The 2-disc set lived up to my expectations . Wish the extra had included out takes . Excellent purchase .
 If you have any interest in the Batman series this is a must see movie .
 If you have a HDTV with a HDMI cable to connect your Blu-Ray player you 'll love this movie !
 The film is wonderfully written and beautifully shot . Nolan is perfect in the Bruce Wayne/Batman role . He plays the irresponisble playboy well , and is very credible as the fighting machine known as Batman . The movie takes its ' time getting him into the Batman suit . A friend of mine who was watching the film with me and not that familar with the comics thought it dragged a bit in the beginning . I have to disagree , but I have read Batman comics since I was 7 . This version of Batman seems more alone the lines of the Frank Miller version of the character . A bit on the darker side , it is a more believeable hero for our current world . This is a great character piece as well as a terrific action film . Worth picking up .
 Batman Begins is a superb movie on so many levels . It is a realistic action movie , one with a compelling and realistic storyline , that incorporates the comic book movie into a full fledged movie for everyone , leaving out the cheesy unrealistic characters . The acting as well was very believable , with the characters not being overdone or getting into emotions and interactions that are out of place . That Rachel could n't be with Bruce is real , whereas other movies would have them be with each other . That Bruce is looked down upon or does wondrous deeds for people and they do n't even know it -LRB- `` drunken billionaire burns his house down '' -RRB- , only draws you into his character and makes you feel for him.Then , to top all of this off , it has a darker edge that is all too often left out for fear it would drive people away . Not so in this movie as it enhanced the theatrical effects much more , making the movie that much more enthralling.I ca n't say enough about this my favorite movie of the year . A must see for everyone , even if you are n't typically entertained by comic book movies . An action movie with a compelling storyline that draws you in , that is what you will get . A definite recommend .
 Batman is one of the greatest superheros of all time and yet over the years we have insulted him with crappy movies . Tim Burton 's Batman movies were good but they did n't match . Gotham City and the overall look of the film from movie 1 to 2 is inconsistent . Joel Schumacher 's two Batman films were disgraceful ... he tried to make it campy like the old TV show ... we are just too intelligent for that ... whoever got the bright idea to make Alicia Silverstone Batgirl was obviously Clueless -LRB- not to mention almost destroyed the series for good . -RRB- Let 's move on and put all that behind us . Batman Begins is not only a rebirth for the Batman franchise but it is also one of the best superhero flicks to date . If you have n't seen this movie yet ... you need to . Christian Bale is a great Bruce Wayne and a great Batman ... unlike some of his predecessor who could only pull off one or the other . The new twist on the Batman myth is so well conceived . Great story , great cast , great acting , awesome special effects ... I was totally satisfied . I heard this is to be a trilogy like Spiderman ... I hope the other two films will hold up to the standard of the first
 If you can still see Batman Begins at an IMAX ... do it !! It makes the movie at least ten times better , if that is even possible . Watching this movie with the rumble in the seats , over 10,000 watts of glorious sound , and a screen 4,500 times larger than the average TV is mind-blowing . It is a once in a lifetime chance so do n't miss it.I know the IMAX in NY -LRB- Lincoln Square -RRB- is still showing BB . Its worth the extra eight dollars for the experience . Batman is the best superhero of all time and now has the greatest superhero movie to forever guarantee that verity .
 If it 's broke , then by all means , fix it!After a series of disappointing forays to the big screen , Batman has found his redemption in more ways than one . This is arguably the best Batman movie and Christian Bale gets my vote for being the best actor to play the titular character.The question for any filmmaker is always there , how can you make a comic book hero believable on screen ? Thankfully , the writers of Batman Begins -LRB- Christopher Nolan , Bob Kane , and David S. Goyer -RRB- chose to follow rule number one , cover all your bases . It would hardly seem a stretch in hindsight . Batman has no superpowers . He 's a man driven by anger and fear to become all he could be . It makes one wonder how previous film incarnations did it all wrong . But the real triumph of this film , like Revenge of the Sith recently , is that Batman 's pieces finally fit together and the puzzle of the Dark Knight is completed . In other words , we get to see how a young Bruce Wayne -LRB- played near-perfectly by Christian Bale -RRB- , heir to a billion-dollar empire , becomes tortured by the murder of his parents and eventually decides to dress like a bat and fight crime . This is the unbelievable part of Batman 's mythology , but in this film it is made possible.Development of character is a staple and fundamental in film that is horribly rarely done well . In this film 's beginning , we are brought in to follow the development of Batman the only way it should be done , by starting with no Batman . We follow Bruce Wayne as he acquires a certain fear as a boy , his horror as his parents get killed , his guilt over his parents ' death , his vain attempts at self-training , and his eventual decision to fight crime.The film opens with Bruce being an inmate in some asian prison camp , learning the nature of criminals and training himself to fight them . He is found by a mysterious Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- who trains him to lead the League of Shadows , a secret society mastered in stealth and several martial arts dedicated to fighting crime . After training is completed , Bruce is to be initiated into the League by executing an unarmed criminal before their leader , Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- . This is in conflict with Bruce 's principles and the League becomes his enemy . He then chooses to use his training to fight evil by using fear but not becoming an executioner . He `` finds himself '' with that purpose and goes through a series of motions that leads him to become Batman.I said earlier that all the bases were covered . How did Batman acquire `` all those wonderful toys '' ? Why does he have bat-shaped throwing blades ? What 's with the ears on his cowl ? How does his cape allow him to glide through the air ? How does he develop a mini-grappling hook gun ? How does he discover a cave under his family 's estate ? How did he get a bulletproof -LRB- sort-of -RRB- costume ? How did he even get a `` Batmobile '' ? How does he get the money for all these ? How does he earn the trust of future police comissioner Gordon ? Why are there so many psychos running around in Gotham City ? How was the bat-signal established ? Yes , all these questions are answered , including the most important one . How does Bruce Wayne become Batman ? All these could be answered easily and matter-of-factly , but this film chooses not only to make it believable , but carry actual depth.One of my greatest admirations with this film is how everything is designed . Everything seems so `` prototype '' from the batmobile -LRB- which we all know will eventually become some hot-rod racecar , but for now it 's a tank -RRB- to the bat-signal -LRB- which only barely projects the silhouette of a bat -RRB- . The batcave does not have the multitude of state of the art computers . The costume is in a wooden cabinet , not a metal container . Access to the batcave is via mining elevator shaft , not a `` batpole '' or a hidden slide.My peeves are few . Mainly the character of Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- who has some vital moments in the film which lead Bruce to his decision to become Batman , but overall a forgettable character . The film 's score is barely there -LRB- no Danny Elfman-esque catchy main theme -RRB- . But I said that about Spider-Man as well , only to be proven wrong when the sequel revealed a main theme had always been there . Batman Begins ' score was composed collaboratively by Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard . I know Zimmer best for his score in The Rock but everything else he does seems a variation of his work from that film . Batman Begins included . Howard is best known for his scores for M. Night Shyamalan 's films . I 'm afraid I remember very little of his work in those movies , and that 's not a good thing . However , there was never a moment where the music seemed out of place but it just never had a voice of it 's own.Ken Watanabe , who was the actor who saved `` The Last Samurai '' , has disappointingly short screen time here . Morgan Freeman plays Lucius Fox , a Wayne Enterprises employee heading the company 's applied sciences department -LRB- and unknowingly supplies Batman with his gadgets -RRB- plays the role well as usual . He is quickly becoming one of the top thespians in my book . Liam Neeson once again brandishes a sword and is powerful as Henri Ducard . Gary Oldman plays Gordon , an honest policeman lost in the corruption of Gotham , quite well . I appreciate him looking as he does in the comic books . No more fat scottish Jim Gordon.Honorable mention goes to Cillian Murphy who plays Dr. Johnathan Crane/Scarecrow . There is always something odd in his demeanor in the film . Some creepiness hidden under the well-pressed suit . And when he shows himself as Scarecrow , he is effectively scary . `` Batman Begins '' is the film that should have started it all . It reinvigorates the troubled franchise and pretty much starts things from scratch . It was broke and they fixed it .
 `` Batman Begins '' is the best of the franchise , beating Tim Burton 's first film , which was better than his sequel ; both were certainly better than the last two directed by Joel Schumacher . All were bound by comic book fantasy , full of superheroes battling bogeymen . Writer-director Christopher Nolan chucks that formula and gives us a real man in a real city up against his own insecurities and , to be sure , real villains . The script returns to the beginning , when Bruce Wayne was a boy , and the missing seven years before the young man dons cape and cowl.Burton showcased Jack Nicholson 's sideshow mugging ; the other films also focused on outlandish bad guys and gals , almost sidelining The Caped Crusader . Here the villains are life-size ; it is Batman who looms large . It is he in whom we invest our understanding and emotion . Nolan and his production staff owe a debt to Ridley Scott 's futuristic Los Angeles -LRB- `` Blade Runner . '' -RRB- But the success of his movie rests on the shoulders of its star , Christian Bale , who now owns the role if he wants it.Bale gets boffo support from Linus Roache as the do-gooder father ; Liam Neeson as his Ninja trainer and mentor ; Rutger Hauer and Morgan Freeman , who run his father 's financial empire ; Michael Caine as his butler and conscience ; Tom Wilkinson as the city 's crime boss ; Cilian Murphy as a creepy asylum keeper ; and Gary Oldman as a cop , his first good guy role . Even Katie Holmes is passable as an assistant DA , a damsel able to handle any distress . But the resourceful Bale , physically and emotionally , is the whole show.Well , maybe not the whole show . The locations , the plethora of bats , and detailed sets are a marvel , especially the batcave . CG imagining is used sparingly , so real environments interface impressively with the actors . The fight sequences could have been edited better and the menus on this two-disc DVD are a challenge . Although there is no commentary tract , there are enough extras to satisfy any Batman fan . Thanks to `` Batman Begins , '' there may be a lot more of them than before .
 Finally someone got it right ... after the last couple of outings , I seriously thought the Batman franchise was beyond repair , but then Hollywood is a land of re-invention , and , in the right hands , miracles do happen ... yes Virginia , there is a Santa Claus . . well , two of them , and their names are Christopher Nolan and David S. Goyer , the director and writer , respectively , of Batman Begins -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . Written by David S. Goyer -LRB- Blade , Ghost Rider , The Flash -RRB- and directed by Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento , Insomnia -RRB- , the film stars Christian Bale -LRB- Swing Kids , American Psycho , Reign of Fire -RRB- as billionaire playboy/dark knight protectorate of Gotham City . Also appearing is Michael Caine -LRB- Miss Congeniality , Austin Powers in Goldmember -RRB- , Liam Neeson -LRB- Schindler 's List , Star Wars
 I am 50 years old and have been a Batnan fan all of my life . After many years of disapointment in Batman the TV series and the other Batman movies because of silly villains that turned the Dark Knight into a joke , `` Batman Begins '' finally gets serious . The Dark Knight is finally a believable superhero . I certainly hope that he stays this way .
 I have been a Batman fan since I was 7 years old -LRB- I 'm 48 now -RRB- . Have been collecting comics of Batman & Superman for over 25 years . I have videos of all the versions of Batman -LRB- including the 1940 's serials -RRB- . Believe me , when I saw Batman Begins , I almost screamed at the screen
 What a phenomenal job they did with this movie ! I loved the other films too but what a fantastic fresh start for a new series of Batman movies ! This is the Batman film that we were waiting for ! Everything about this movie was amazing ! The cast , the sets , the characters , the soundtrack ! The musical score by James Newton Howard -LRB- KING KONG -RRB- and Hans Zimmer is so intense ! It 's awesome ! Everything about this movie is amazing ! I am already looking forward to the sequels ! I hope that there are many to follow ! Christian Bale was an excellent choice for the title character ! I am a huge fan of his work now ! Would love to see Harley Quinn and the Joker team up ! And if it 's done with the excellence of Nolan , hopefully she will be introduced in one sequel then reek havoc in the following . Just an idea . BATMAN BEGINS is excellent ! A must own !
 This movie is perfectly realized and the second disk has tons of extras , it discuses the vast locals and weaponry among many other things , just a great DVD . As for the movie , I loved it , as a kid I was more into the Marvel Comic characters , and was a bit after the 60 's Batman , but I knew about the character and was thrilled when the first Batman movie came out , I was a bit disappointed , I found it depressingly dark , but Nicholson as the Joker was a revelation , I have seen the subsequent movies and was not exactly bowled over , though Carey was great as Riddler , and Phieffer , just smokin as Catwoman . I was a bit wary of this movie , but when I saw it I was blown away , I loved it , Bale was great as Batman , Nieson even better as Rah al Ghul , and Murphy looked like he was having a ball with Scarecrow , as for the story , it was perfectly done , dark , but not oppressing so , and I really liked how the story goes easily from the present to the past and back again . . well done . The interaction between Bale and Nieson , was riviting and Bales relationship with Caine was touching , I really ca n't wait until the next one , but who will play Joker ? If you appreciate action packed , fun movies , then you will love this movie , it really does not matter if you are into Batman or not , it 's just a great movie , and this DVD has so many cool extra 's that even if you have seen it , it is well worth the price to buy the C.D. , highly recommended
 Now this is how to do a superhero origins story . Marvellous storytelling , a great ensemble cast . Enough to make you forget all about Joel Schumacher
 Christian Bale was perfect for this role , and Liam Neilson was terrific as always . I could have done without Katie Holmes cross eyed deformed face , but she did n't ruin the movie . The exotic background of bruce wayne and the story which is more character driven than it 's predecessors fully emerse you in this movie . The cinematography is good and it 's well directed and edited . If only the others were done this way ... the right way .
 Great installment to the first two movies . This is my favorite movie , second only to the epic of Superman : The Movie . It explains all of the origins and does not leave any question unanswered -LRB- except a casting question regarding the last scene ... -RRB- . Anyways , along with the feature film , the making of and other featurettes are enjoyable as well . Until Superman returns , this is the best update to a comic franchise yet .
 This was my favorite movie of 2005 . I 'm a Batman fan and really lost interest in the movie franchise after the first two Tim Burton movies . The others were okay but things were just getting too over the top . This movie brought the series back to earth a little . Aside from being a great comic book movie , it 's just a great movie . What I liked was how the movie avoided clich&eacute;s through out . The damsel in distress is n't . Katie Holmes character is in peril but she is n't a screaming victim . It 's also nice that the relationship between the two is downplayed . There is n't a forced romance just because movie history requires one . There is still something between them but it is a more realistic complex connection . The do n't ask , do n't tell nature of Bruce Wayne and Lucius Fox 's relationship is refreshing in a genre of movies that usually rquire the hero 's identity remain a secret from everyone around him . It 's a more realistc approach . I like fact that we are shown the origin of Batman 's gear also . It 's interesting to see where the Batmobile comes from rather than it is just there.The best trick Chris Nolan pulled off was keeping it interesting even when Batman was n't on screen . A problem with a lot of the older superhero movies was you waited for ever for the hero to get into costume and then there was a two minute appearance than it was back to the alter-ego . I thought the balance was well done and the story was about Bruce Wayne as well as Batman . Part of the credit goes to the actors . I was n't familiar with Christian Bale but thought he was good in this part . And Michael Caine as Alfred is a fresh take on the thin old bald butler of the past.Everything about Batman Begins was fresh and original to this type of movie . It was closer to the comics . The people that make the movies have a tendency to take use the character but then re-write everything like any other movie . Like The X-Men and Spiderman this movie really gets into the heros legend and makes good use of the history to tell an interesting story . I think it 's the best comic book movie to date .
 Batman Begins is a great movie much much better than Batman Forever and Batman and Robin because it was not tring to be a comedy and was being serious . It has great actors in it as well . It is a different look to batman but a good one . I would get right away one of the best movies that has came out .
 This is a brilliant recovery from the lousy parts 3 and 4 from the previous film series . Christian Bale was perfectly cast as Batman and it was a real relief not to see those silly characters Robin or Batgirl anymore . I am already looking forward to the next Batman movie . This one is fun to watch ! -LRB- SARR -RRB-
 Batman Begins is a film that finally does Batman justice . The film somewhat follows the storyline in Frank Miller 's Batman
 When I heard that another Batman movie was in the works ; I shivered . I actually feared that the film would be worse than the Joel `` I have to show Batman and Robin 's butt every chance I can for some stupid-ass reason '' Schumacher films . However , after reading articles in Wizard Magazine and seeing the film 's preview , I got very excited . And when I actually saw the film , I was blown away . This is not just the BEST Batman film I 've seen but -LRB- along with `` Sin City '' -RRB- the BEST comic book movie I 've ever seen . What I loved most was that there was serious character development . This was not just quick action and meaningless fight scenes . Do n't get me wrong , the action was there , and was terrific , but it made sense with the story . Chris Nolan and the others responsible for the film obviously had done their homework . Taking the best from Batman comics -LRB- more than just the look-but the story -RRB- and making one MOTHER of a great movie out of them . -LRB- Most notably they borrowed a great deal from Frank Miller 's `` Batman Year One '' which is one of the greatest Batman comics I 've ever read . -RRB- After Joel `` I 'm of the opinion that more florescent lights and awful casting will make Batman movies better '' Schumacher , Chris Nolan has actually renewed my faith that Batman films could be good again so much that I eagerly anticipate their sequels . This film is so good that even my wife , who is not a comic or Batman fan , likes it very much . It is great ! Great story , great characters , great action , great look and feel , and great casting and acting . If you are thinking about buying this movie , buy it now . You will not be disappointed.Caesar says two thumbs way up !
 First off , I 'll tell you that I saw `` Batman Begins '' on an IMAX screen in NYC , my hometown . I mention this because maybe the film would get a different reaction had I saw it on a `` regular '' movie screen , although I doubt it . I believe I 'd love this film even on a crappy 13 '' B&W ; TV with mono sound . Nevertheless , the fact that I `` experienced '' it in what I suppose are State of the Art conditions certainly did n't hurt . I wo n't spend much time with plot recaps , since I figure that unless you 've been living in the Batcave for a while , you know well enough what it is we 're discussing.Since the last Bat-movie , `` Batman & Robin , '' which I believe qualifies as the worst movie ever made , I actually hoped never to hear from Gotham City 's favorite facsist vigilante ever again , but then I read that the director would be Christopher Nolan , whose `` Memento '' was an astounding mindbender of a noir , I allowed myself to hope . My hope is confirmed big-time by this film , which burns the previous franchise to the ground and gets us back to basics , telling the story of just how poor little orphaned billionaire Bruce Wayne got in the habit of dressing like a nocturnal flying rodent and fighting crime in the first place , concentrating on his training . Somewhere in mountainous Asia -LRB- Nepal , maybe ? -RRB- he joins a mysterious group called the League of Shadows , led by the really mysterious Ra'as Al Ghul , played by Ken Watanabe . He trains as a ninja with Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- then splits when he finds out he must commit a murder to officially enter -LRB- I guess a simple fee would n't do -RRB- . Back in Gotham , Bruce comes up with a really kick-butt fashion statement ... and you can guess the rest.Nolan 's vision for the veteran comic book crusader would work even if you had never before heard of `` Batman '' or known any of the accumulated mythologies . This is a dark , gritty tale of a PERSON who becomes a crime fighter and not the other way around . We get a real idea of who this Bruce Wayne is , and that 's where our sympathies lie . His obsessive need to control his childhood traumas and the external forces he believes caused them are what drives this story instead of gaudy action sequences . Of course there 's no shortage of that either ; a car chase across the city proves especially effective and the fight scenes have the grace and speed of the finest Asian martial arts movies . If I must nitpick , the climactic action sequence features editing that is so fractured and rapid that it 's like watching the trailer ; it 's almost incomprehensible.Then there are the performances . Christian Bale , who lost more than 60 pounds just for his role in `` The Machinist , '' has buffed up physically but stays wounded and bruised psychically . This is one messed up superhero ; he ca n't connect with anybody unless it 's on his terms . The real star of the show for me , though , is Michael Caine as loyal butler Alfred , whose class , dry humor and Cockney accent let him steal every scene he 's in . Morgan Freeman , who gets the most laughs but also the most respect as Wayne 's tech guru proves that he could play Q in the next Bond flick , if they were smart enough to cast him . Katie Holmes , a.k.a the Bride of Cruise , ca n't escape her basic sweetness but is tough enough to play Gotham 's last honest District Attorney.Now a few notes on IMAX . If you have n't seen the film yet , and live in an area with an IMAX screen , I heartily reccomend seeing it there . The picture is enormous but crystal clear and the surround sound is terrific ; in a scene where people are chattering in the background , I thought for a second that it was rude people in the audience ! Since IMAX theatres are by nature stadium seating patrons with big hair were no problem . Best of all
 Batman Begins takes the series back to where it should be ; following the comic . The previous two deviated way too much from the atmosphere of the comic , relying instead on the camp of the 1965 series . Christian Bale is the best Bruce Wayne since Michael Keaton . The plot is a little convoluted , but ties together neatly at the end . This is likely a little long for non-Batmanites to sit through , but I 've been a fan since 1988 and found this to be the most enjoyable Batman film since the first .
 This is by far the way Batman should be portrayed in the movies . I have been waiting to see a movie that shows Batman -LRB- Bruce Wayne -RRB- the way he should be ; dark , mysterious , and real . This is that movie . This movie is so real ; you can just see this really happening in real life . Christian Bale has the look , feal , and acting ability to be Batman and Bruce Wayne . He plays the part with such dedication and strength . The villains in the film are realistic as well . No cheesy villains like in the Spider-Man movies . The Scarecrow is frightening and well done . Even though he is a little underdeveloped , but it still works , because it is a movie about Bruce Wayne !! Even the Tim Burton films lack what Batman is really about . If you watch the first Batman movie now you will see that it is cheesy , like the corny Joker . They have their moments but are mostly cheesy , campy , and unrealistic . Not this new film . I just hope they -LRB- Nolan , Goyer , Bale -RRB- make many many more .
 After seeing the last three awful Batman movies I had to be coaxed to see this one . I was very glad that I went . This is not only by far the best Batman movie I have seen but the best comic adaptation film outside of the Spiderman movies!What always bothered me about Batman and my main sticking point with the Michael Keaton film was that he had all this elaborate equipment and this super high-tech batcave and it was never explained how he got it . Also , you wondered how nobody would be able to figure out who he was , especially the person who built the batmobile in that movie . Finally , we have a movie that explains everything and does it well.Also , Batman does n't appear till more than halfway through the movie and we do n't really care . The character of Bruce Wayne is fascinating and the director did such a good job of telling the murder of Wayne 's parents that it was difficult to watch the scene without crying yourself.Liam Neeson is super in this film as a teacher to a troubled Bruce Wayne , schooling him in Ninjitsu and other fighting arts . Morgan Freeman is excellent as an employee of Wayne Enterprises who was pushed aside after the senior Wayne was murdered and who is in charge of a lot of R&D ; military equipment that he provides for Bruce . And of course Michael Caine makes a super Alfred ! Then there is `` Sargent '' Gordon , who seems to be one of the few non-corrupt police officers that Batman immediately identifies as someone he can trust for help.There are many memorable scenes in the film , especially where Bruce is making his first batarang and designing the Batman suit . The city looks a lot more realistic than any of the previous films -LRB- even though it does n't look like the Gotham of the comics -RRB- as does the bat signal -LRB- it appears in the sky distorted , as it should -RRB- . I hope the director can do as well with a sequel and not be tempted to go off on the `` camp '' road that the other series of Batman films followed .
 I am totally blown away ! I recently saw this at my local drive-in and was completely astounded at the look and feel of this movie . Unlike its counterparts this Batman film is a good deal edgier and a lot more gritty . Instead of the flashy suits and fancy costumes and gadgets this film focuses more on the man behind the mask and how he came to be . It reminds the audience again that unlike all the other superheroes to come to the screen , Batman has no special powers he is just an ordinary man behind the mask . This is shown in the beginning , as the first part of the film focuses on how Bruce Wayne became what we now know as Batman . It is quite interesting seeing everything that we 've come to know as part of pop-culture come to life and see how it all evolved including the batcave and the famous symbol etched in the night sky . The style of the film only amplifies the mood and makes all the other movies pale in comparison , this is how a good blockbuster should be made . The acting is quite good as well , with Christian Bale fillling in the shoes that were so previously occupied by George Clooney and Michael Keaton . Michael Caine gives a great performance as Alfred as well . Katie Holmes plays a strong-willed DA who is the main squeeze for Bruce , sadly though there is not much too her character or her acting . But overall the film was fantastic and I highly reccomend it to those who felt that the previous Batman films were a little too flashy for such a dark character .
 The film basically follows a plot of focusing mainly on Bruce Wayne . The other 4 films directed by Burton and others focused mainly on the villans and gave The Bat a backseat . Well , now Batman now has his own movie . The first part is where Bruce Wayne 's origins , and follows how he got to where he was and why . The second part follows the devolopment of his alter-ego , Batman . The third part is less plot developed , but packs a solid action punch . The third and second part focus on Batman 's pursuit of Scarecrow.Christopher Nolan has created a masterpiece . Instead of putting Batman in the backseat like previous directors had , He has created basically a tribute to Batman , focusing on his life and emergence . He also adds his own style and darkness to the film , making it a lot better than the animated style of Burton . He makes Batman more realistic and helps us see how exactly Batman formed . The effects were supurb , and I had a fun time watching this fantastic film.In closing , I thought this was the film that everybody has been waiting for . Batman fans have been waiting a long time to rejoice over the story of their hero , Batman . He has been put in the back seat too much . This was his moment to shine , and by god , he has been given the proper film for it ! Fantasic film !
 This movie is great iam not gon na ruin anything but the movie is definitly worth your time its abit long but entertaning and the ending is the best setting up for the original with you know who the joker go see this movie its is so good i hope Bale does more batman movies is the future and with the same team and without a doubt the best sequel
 It 's funny how Warner Brother 's did n't want Tim Burton back for the 3rd movie since he made the movies too dark . Yet Batman Begins is probably the darkest and most serious of all . I guess Warner Brother 's learned that darker is better than goofy and overly colorful since Batman Forever and Batman & Robin . This is the best since Tim Burton 's films and what a Batman film should be like . Christopher Nolan gives the film a human touch and makes it more about Bruce Wayne and his feelings than about the villains . The other movies sorta just made Bruce Wayne/Batman a side character to the villains . Speaking of the villains Nolan takes them seriously . They do n't prance around saying silly lines in this one . Plus I also doubt Nolan is ever gon na focus on shots of Batman 's butt like Joel Schumacher did . He takes everything about it seriously.Maybe too serious though since it could use to lighten up just a little a bit . Besides having a problem with that . I do n't like how Batman talks while in the costume though . I found it a little silly how deep and monster like his voice sounds . Also Roger Ebert acts like the whole poison gas thing is 100 % original for a villain to do in a Batman movie . The Joker did that in the first movie . I do like how this gas puts fear into people though . The gas in the original just made people die with goofy smiles on their faces . The Scare Crow -LRB- Cillain Murphy -RRB- is what a villain should be like . He does n't burp and say `` was that over the top ? I never can tell '' , he 's 100 % serious . Cillain Murphy from 28 Days Later does a fine job playing him too . The other villains are well played also and do n't goof around what so ever.Christian Bale makes a great Batman and the best since Michael Keaton . He has a lot of inner-demons to fight in the movie . He first thinks he needs to kill the man that killed his parents . When he tells his childhood friend Rachel -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- his plan . She slaps him and says `` your dad would be ashamed '' . So he runs away from Gotham City and meets Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- . Ducard trains Bruce how to be a ninja and how to control his fears . When Bruce discovers that Ducard and Ra 's Al Ghil -LRB- Ken Watanbe -RRB- have evil plans for Gotham City he decides that 's not the sort of man he is . He then goes back to Gotham City . There he turns a tunnel he discovered as a kid into ... the batcave . Then he gets all sorts of gadgets `` including the batmobile '' from a loyal Wayne employee Lucius Fox -LRB- Moragn Freeman -RRB- . He decides to dress like a bat since bats were always his fear . So he decides to use his fear as a weapon.It 's nice to the see the actual tranformation he makes to Batman in this one . That was never seen in the other films . We see him use all those gadgets in the other films but never had a clue how he got them . I always doubted he made all of them on his own . So the Lucius Fox character is a nice touch . Plus with Ducard we also know that Batman did n't just train himself to fight . There 's just so many characters to mention in this film . Nolan actually fits in a nice ammount of screen time for them too . Rutger Hauer gets to make the best out of a small part . He is the type of actor who can make a small part seem like a bigger one . That 's how good of an actor he is . He plays the not so nice guy who takes over the Wayne business after Bruce 's dad is killed . He told Bruce when he was little that he could have the business when he is ready . Which is a lie because he 's not that eager to give up the job . I expected some crazy employee to kill Haurer . I mean look at the other films . It is n't one where a villain does n't kill his or her boss lol . Gary Oldman also shines as Lt. Gordon who is the only cop who trusts and befriends batman . I 'd rather just see more of them teaming up than Robin or Batgirl ever being introduced again . Batman is much better without them . Batman is also much better without ... Joel Schumacher lol .
 I have just returned from a midnight showing of Batman Begins , and my reaction is that of complete astonishment . Forget Tim Burton -LRB- and I wo n't even mention that other director -RRB- , Christopher Nolan shows us what Batman should have been from the beginning of the series . It 's too bad it took so long to get to this movie.Batman Begins tells the story of how Bruce Wayne ended up becoming the Dark Knight . We see his training , and learn what inspires him to fight for justice . Christian Bale is perfect casting , and is the best Batman to ever grace the screen . Michael Caine is a brilliant Alfred with a great sense of humor , Morgan Freeman is brilliant in his supporting role , Katie Holmes is great as Bruce 's love interest , and Cillian Murphy is effectively creepy as the Scarecrow.Batman fans , THIS is what you have been waiting to see . While I enjoyed the first two Batman movies of the original series , I felt that they were both lacking something . This Batman brings everything you wanted to see to the screen , and I will be first in line for the sequel.Thank you to Christopher Nolan , David S. Goyer , Christian Bale , and all the rest of the cast and crew for bringing one of my favorite superheroes to life the way he should have been from the very beginning .
 Batman has had his ups and downs in cinema , beginning with a 1940 's serial to a campy 1960 's series . Batman got a remake from Tim Burton in 1989 , but the remake deteriorated over the course of three sequels . Director and writer Christopher Nolan and writer David S. Goyer have re-envisioned Batman along the lines of The Dark Knight , reinvigorating a franchise headed in the wrong direction.Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale , `` Reign of Fire '' and `` The Prestige '' -RRB- had a nasty experience as a child involving bats ; lots of bats . We soon learn that young Wayne may be a bit of a wimp , partially because of the bat experience , but perhaps also because he blames himself for getting his parents killed . Eventually young Wayne turns his guilt to a source of strength for revenge , and focuses his life on revenging his parents , and then anyone who is defenseless.Bruce heads abroad to study with a society that has mysterious purposes . Bruce believes that this society could channel his need for revenge into useful directions , until Bruce finds out that the society will control him more than he controls the society , and Bruce and the society part ways.The transition from Bruce Wayne the guilt-ridden young man to vengeful Batman is the goal of this movie , and Director Nolan keeps that focus from beginning to end . The transition starts out slowly as Bruce becomes a young man , but speeds up as Bruce begins to focus his life into a purpose . The final quarter of the movie is spectacular and not only provides a worthy end to this movie , but makes a great beginning to the next film `` The Dark Knight . `` Several factors that help make this movie a joy to watch for fans of the Batman.First , the technology is somewhat accessible and logical . There are technologies that are rooted in science fiction , but much of what we see in the movie either exists or could exist.Second , the special effects are phenomenal . I knew when the movie relied on digital effects , but the detail was so exquisite that I was unable to tell when real life ended and digital began . Incidentally , residents of Chicago will likely recognize many of the locations used for this film . Though Chicago is a bright and open city , several lower level areas in Chicago provided excellent background shots for Gotham City.Third , the villains in this film were non-costumed and generally `` normal '' as compared to the Penguin , the Riddler , and others of that ilk . This movie contains hints regarding future villains , but we must await the next movie to see how Nolan evolves them.Last , the actors in this film are excellent choices for their roles . I always worry about the selection of an actor for a character like Batman . Christian Bale is excellent and believable as the Dark Knight . Michael Caine is the imperturbable butler Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine and Christian Bale made another memorable appearance together the year after this film in `` The Prestige '' -RRB- . Liam Neeson has a lock on the role of mentor . Many other great actors helped make this movie seem very real , including Morgan Freeman , Rutger Hauer , Gary Oldman , and Katie Holmes.Batman may have had his ups and downs in more than six decades of cinema , but he has never looked better than he does in `` Batman Begins . '' This movie sets a standard for future Batman movies and for super heroes transitioning from illustrated soft covers to live action . I hope the films that follow will get the hint.Enjoy !
 This version of the Batman chronicles is by far the absolute best performance ! The messages alone in the storyline are enough to earn this film five plus stars.Christian Bale defines Batman with his amazing acting ability . He is an excellent actor with obvious skill.The kids will be dazzled by the action in this movie and the adults will love it for its all-encompassing portrayal of Batman 's life and passion for justice!Go and see it on the big screen , you will not be sorry !!
 This latest Batman installment out of the past 4 is simply one of the best ones and in my book ties with the original from 1989 . I do n't see how any batman fan could not like this ? It has everything in it , action , suspense , romance , etc , which alot of other previous ones either lacked or overloaded on . This one really balances all out and does n't overkill on any one element . I really recommend this to everyone . Tim Burton 's version of Batman is memorable and distinctive , but director Christopher Nolan 's vision of Batman has put a whole new spin on our flying dark avenging caped cruasder . All in all , a must see !
 In Star Wars style , `` Batman Begins '' , the fifth installment of the Batman franchise , presents the story of the early days of the superhero , from his childhood and his deepest fears , to his personal pursuit to leave those very fears behind , into the birth of his alter ego and his first days fighting crime and injustice in Gotham City.The story is beyond enticing . While it could have spared some `` Bond '' - like moments that make me scratch my head feeling treated like a silly moviegoer , most of it takes you in with ease . I particularly loved the evolutionary process Bruce Wayne goes through during his remote `` retreat '' , in order to defeat his fears and overcome his insecurities . The way he gradually builds up Batman and his gear also results in a mix of fun and cool . Morgan Freeman resulted a key character to make this happen.Special effects and sound effects are top of the line . I did n't feel particularly overwhelmed by them at any moment -LRB- though it does get pretty noisy some times -RRB- . Production design of Gotham City was gorgeous . I loved the details in the monorail and the gothic arches it went through as it glided over the city , for example . The batmobile was absolutely B-A-D -LRB- as in cool -RRB- . As a whole , I loved it . I have been a fan of Batman since I was a boy and I continue to love the character . I am happy the franchise has n't sold out even after five installments . Seems like Memento 's Christopher Nolan was a worthy heir of the first ones , put out by Tim Burton and Joel Schumacher .
 I ca n't be the only moviegoer who despises the flashy , glossy superhero movie equivalents of cult comics , whose release mainly consists of commercial advertising and a major profit of the home entertainment industry . I just ca n't . Batman Begins clearly is n't backed by a McDonald 's Happy Meal and clearly deserves credit for representing the protagonist more as abstract concepts , the chief of which is on the theme of Fear.I wo n't go into the whole movie beyond the fact that I was completely impressed with the cast of characters -LRB- because of the `` star-studded '' quality that usually turns me off -RRB- and their unbelievable ability to bury themselves in the thick plot . I recommend to you , the moviegoer , to forget the Fantastic Four , screw the Spiderman , and dump the Daredevil . Go see a real hero and not just some over-the-top screenplay from characters with quirks and powers . Go see the movie that revived the horrors of a campy series . Go see Batman Begins , and be satisfied .
 The most entertaining and conventional movie of the `` Batman '' series , Christopher Nolan 's `` Batman Begins '' seeks to create a launching pad for new slew of Caped Crusader films , and this origin story , while choppy and imperfect , sets the buffet table . Here 's report card of the movie 's strengths and weaknesses , something to differentiate this review from others : STRENGTHS : THE APPROACH - No Marc Chagall nightmare worlds . No zany gay chic . Nolan -LRB- `` Insomnia '' and `` Memento '' -RRB- and screenwriter David S. Goyer bring realism - considering it worked so well in `` Spider-Man '' series - back into the fold . Gotham is a slightly futuristic , burned-out New York . But we can still recognize it ; the movie 's most glorious shot is of Batman high atop Wayne Tower , looking down upon a candyland of city lights . No special f/x - just a gorgeous shot of a man above his city . `` Batman Begins '' has an amount of restraint to it.THE SCREENPLAY
 This is the `` Batman '' film I 've long waited to see . While I did like Tim Burton 's vision in 1989 's `` Batman '' , I still thought certain elements were missing that I really loved from the `` Tales of the Dark Night '' comic book series . By the time Joel Schumacher completely turned the film series into a perverted , campy gay parody , it was obvious that Warner Brothers simply ca n't be trusted with any superhero franchise -LRB- as they also ruined the `` Superman '' movies after the second one -RRB- . If it were n't for the astronomical grosses of `` Spiderman '' and its sequel , `` X-Men '' and its sequel of the rival Comic Book company and movie studios , I 'm certain that `` Batman '' would never have been `` rebooted '' . My hopes were raised when I heard that Director Chris Nolan and actor Christian Bale were attached to the project . Christian Bale fits my image of Bruce Wayne . Certainly more than Michael Keaton anyway . The trailers then impressed me into seeing this film and when I finally did see it , I was simply awestruck that someone managed to make the perfect Batman film , finally!This is not a film for the children . One moviegoer walked out with two children in tow an hour into the film . This movie was made for the adult fans of the comic book ... not those who love the campy 60s TV show or the Joel Schumacher parodies . For once , I wanted to see a Batman film that focused on Bruce Wayne/Batman and not the villains and this one is it . We do n't even see the appearance of Batman until halfway through . For the first hour we get a fuller understanding of Bruce Wayne , his childhood tragedy , how his fear of bats leads to a guilty complex regarding his parents murder , and his soul searching to the mountains of Tibet . This is a very deep , profound , spiritual beginning and provides the most picture of Bruce Wayne yet , helping people understand the kind of person who would spend his nights dressed as a bat going after criminals.In Tibet , he receives special training from a mysterious Ducard , played by Qui-Gon Jinn himself , Liam Neeson . Wayne learns about the tactics of a vigilante group who operate in the shadows of society . There is a disagreement over the use of violence/vengeance , causing Wayne to part company in cool style and return to Gotham after a 7 year absence . The corruption of the city politicians wakes him up from the naive idealism his parents had instilled in him . Such a privileged life he led , where he thought money could help defeat poverty and crime . He learns otherwise and thus in one uniquely spiritual scene , when Bruce Wayne achieves `` oneness '' with a flurry of bats , we see the transformation . Batman is born!Dr . Jonathan Crane/Scarecrow is an excellent villain , using a vaporized drug mist to induce psychotic episodes in people . While this plot might seem a bit of a stretch for a straight foward , dramatic film , it works in `` Batman Begins '' because that 's what generally happens in comic books . In comparison to the motives of the previous line of whacked out villains of the four `` Batman '' films , this one with the Scarecrow is the most realistic and plausible . I saw many allusions to the 2001 Anthrax attacks , so this plot worked . The entire premise of the film is the use of fear to control oneself and others ... which is very relevant to today 's world.Nolan 's Gotham City looks exactly as I had imagined it from the many `` Batman '' comic books I 've read as a teenager/young adult . More than Tim Burton 's or Joel Schumacher 's version , this Gotham looks liveable and realistic -LRB- a cross between Chicago and New York City -RRB- . I also liked that Arkham Asylum was featured , as that hospital for the insane is well featured in the darker Batman comic books . There are underpinnings of psychology and insanity running through the entire comic series , so a Batman film simply is n't the same without Arkham Asylum looming in the background , foreground or anywhere else.By the film 's end , we get a hint of things to come -LRB- much like the ending of `` Spiderman 2 '' -RRB- , which is n't bad . It might not be a `` satisfying conclusion '' for some people , but if this film makes enough money , a sequel is guaranteed . However , even though this is by far the best Batman film ever made , its dark vision and loyalty to the comic book might not go over well with parents who bring their children expecting the bright zaniness/cartoonish quality of the Joel Schumacher films . This film is the complete opposite of Schumacher 's two films and that is a good thing . I believe that Schumacher is the person responsible for ruining the franchise and I 'm glad Warner Brothers Studios had the good sense to wait 8 years and trust a director with `` indie cred '' to give TRUE Batman fans the film we have waited decades to see . This is that film . I even like it better than `` Spiderman '' 1 and 2 , which is saying A LOT . I hope for the next `` Batman '' film , if they feature the Joker , that they base the story on what I consider the greatest Comic Book episode ever created
 If you 've seen the first 4 films in the Batman series and go see `` Begins '' expecting for it to expand on what you already know , you 're in for some disappointment . If you 're a fan of the animated series , before Robin/Nightwing and Batgirl of course , this is for you . Batman is dark , mysterious , and drives a car that looks like a Lamborghini and a tank 's love child.I 'm looking forward to the next movie in this revamped series . This is how it should 've started 15 years ago , except Christian Bale was probably still in elementary school back then . I hear he 's also interested in sequels , so keep it coming !
 Alas ! Simeone read the comic book . And understood it . Great story , efx , acting , sets , costumes -LRB- sans nipples -RRB- and a descent Bruce Wayne and Batman in the same movin ' picture . Plus this one is not all about the villain . And there is really only one major villain , no Robin , no kittys , no Batgirl !!! Great job all around on this one . I 'm looking foward to many more like this one . Oh no , did I jinx it ?
 The previous incarnation of the Batman franchise crashed and burned upon release . I was self-hating enough to catch the truly abysmal Batman and Robin on the big screen in Summer 1997 . My expectations were low , but I was still gobsmacked at how bad the movie was . So bad , in fact , that Warner let the franchise cool for 8 years before rebooting . It was a long time for a cash cow to lie dormant , but Batman and Robin really was THAT bad.Christopher Nolan brings the character out of the gaudy , cartoonish world of Joel Schumacher and into reality for the story of Batman 's origin . I 'm quite sick of every single comic-book hero getting an origin story instead of just throwing us in at the deep end . The 1989 Batman did n't bother with origins and was able to further the plot without it . Despite the 140 minute run-time the plot of Batman Begins is side-tracked and ` last minute ' when compared to the rest . Everything builds up to the last act but there 's no consistent hook . Nolan also does himself favors , as well as shooting himself in the foot , by the naturalization of the character . The gorgeous anamorphic Panavision photography looks absolutely stunning , but I do miss the oppressive , German expressionist vision Gotham from the Tim Burton movies.The wide cast of actors all do well with their roles , despite getting relatively little screen time between them , though I never felt close to any of them . As with all Nolan films they 're all so serious and straight it 's hard to see a real human being behind them . I only ever see them as a plot function and never anyone I can identify with or recognize . The film is just too slick and confident . There are no rough edges , which I think would have made it much grittier.It 's a good film , and light years ahead of Schumacher 's embarrassment , but it 's not as brilliant as the sycophants proclaim it to be.The Blu Ray features a stunning 1080p 2.40:1 picture with Dolby TrueHD sound and plenty of features .
 I 've always been a fan of the Batman series . Tim Burton created films with dark undertones and flamboyent villains . After he and Keaton left , the series became extremely epic if losing some of its apeal . I was beginning to think the series would never recover.Even in the Burton days , however , I always felt that something was missing from the series . The movies were great looking with great action , but they seemed to have a huge difficulty understanding why and how a rich orphan would be compelled to vigilante justice and dress like a flying mammal . When asked why in 1989 's Batman , Wayne stated `` Because no one else can . '' I liked the movie , but that just sounds like a bored writer taking the easy way out.Christopher Nolan , in this latest and greatest installment , has made an entire film on the premise of that question . He provides a deeper look into Bruce Wayne , who in the previous films was shown as a bored billionaire who wants to make some halfassed contribution to society by buying gadgets and hanging junkies off rooftops . Now , he 's a tortured sole who comes to the realization that before he can exorcise Gotham 's demons he has to exorcise his own.The film opens in a Tibetan prison where Wayne has confined himself so he can fight the inmates . When a hulking Asian goon informs him , `` This is Hell and I am the devil , '' Bruce nonchalantly replies , `` You 're not the devil . You 're practice , '' before unleashing his rage onto him and five other inmates . The guards lock him up for protection , but Bruce insists he needs none . `` Not yours , theirs ! `` He is recruited by the League of Shadows and journeys into his own fears that he might turn it against the villains of Gotham . He is trained by Liam Neeson , who reveals harsh truths about his society , justice , and his past , `` Your parents ' death was n't your fault ... it was your father 's ! '' Nolan delivers these philosophies as devoutly as DeMill delivered the Ten Commandments , but when Wayne 's training ends , he realizes that the League is no less corrupt than the villains they fight.He returns to Gotham having destroyed the League 's headquarters , killed all its members , and been declared legaly dead after an eight year absence . He returns to a city that is not only corrupt and run down , but in denial . One of the things I loved about the film was the fact that it took time to develop Gotham 's history . It never fully recovered from the Depression that hit it twenty years earlier , the city 's worst criminals are running the show , and a deranged psychiatrist conducts unnatural experiments at Arkham Asylum.Bruce struggles to gain the necessary compontents to make Batman a reality while still maintaining a playboy persona to avoid suspicion . He slowly masses his resources while immediately plunging into war against an entire city of enemies . By the end of the film little has actually gotten better , but Gotham has a symbolic hope from their new hero . Bruce Wayne , however , has disappeared . He is a mask that Batman wears.This film is not afraid to delve into the true nature of the basest of human emotions and conditions . It provides honesty and realism to a genre that so often lacks it . The questions are not easy , but the answers are even harder.FIVE STARS ... the best superhero film of all time
 I agree with all the positive reviews of this entertaining and well-acted movie . The previous Batman movies were lukewarm whereas Batman Begins is BURNING HOT ! There 's no comparison.I am very glad I saw Batman Begins at the IMAX . The sound was big and rich , the images crystal clear . I did hear a little boy cry for a minute at the very beginning because the colossal screen and full sounds are a new experience for those of us who do most of our viewing in front of a comparatively much smaller TV screen . And children if not adults do fear most things new . -LRB- by the by , FEAR is the main subject of this enjoyable movie -RRB- If you 're unusually sensitive to booming sounds , be advised that the sound is louder but not more offensive than most standard movie theaters . That 's one of my big gripes of the standard movie theaters , whenever the volume increased , the amplifiers could not handle the extra noise volume and all I could focus on was the annoying tinny noise & the vibrating speakers . It was a relief to actually watch a movie and not be distracted by noticing something wrong with either the theater or the movie itself.The best way to experience this ab-fab movie is @ the IMAX . As soon as the movie ended , most people could not help but clap . Rare for a movie relesed these days . It is an all-over physical/mental experince not to be missed.p.s . when I got home from the IMAX last night , I turned the TV on and the Batman Begins movie commercial was on ! I was amazed at how much of the experience was sacrificed on the reduced images . There 's no comparison .
 You have to at least like Batman to enjoy this , but if you hated the other Batman movies , you might enjoy this one . The story is intriguing with a few really good surprises . The action and dialogue is all directed toward advancing the plot and there is very little in the gratuitous eye-candy department - just enough special effects to pull the audience in.The theme of fear is powerfully developed in the movie in Bruce 's character development . He uses his fear of bats , something we discovered in the first minutes of the film , to strike fear in the hearts of criminals . A minor theme placed in opposition to fear is that of hope - the good people of Gotham have hope in the face of the troubles of the city while the villians wish to use fear to destroy the city as a kind of `` cleansing process '' . This film is incredibly casted and directed . I never would have believed Liam Neeson could do such a job in that type of role . Also I did n't even realize that Gordon was played by Gary Oldman until the end of the film . I wished we could have seen a little bit more of Morgan Freeman who was perfect as always in the role of a genius scientist who designs all of Batman 's gadgets . But even amid these greats Christian Bale steals the movie with the most convincing Batman yet - brooding yet driven to action , living a dual existence yet focused in his mission.The friendship and tension between Bruce and Alfred , well-acted by Michael Caine , are both portrayed well as we are shown Bruce 's coming of age as a rich orphan . His self-disdain and self-acceptance as an heir to a fortune are realistically demonstrated as part of the overall character development . If I have any complaint about the movie I 'd say Katie Holmes performance , although passable , is somewhat ancillary to the rest of the plot and the film ca n't `` decide '' whether she is a heroine who can take care of herself with an electric stun gun or the obligatory female victim for the hero to save from danger .
 This is the best work i 've seen all my life . Literally . Batman begins gives you a different feeling with action and love . It 's script is really good too and the actors in it are wonderful . The story embraces you with all the affects and it just makes you feel like this is really something . This is a MUST WATCH movie . Shame on all of you that do n't like it or does n't want to watch it !
 i think all of the batman movies are good but this one is the best!batman begins is about how bruce wayne becomes batman and has to save gotham city.this dark , and stylish movie is awsome!but still i think tim burton should make all of the batman movies .
 Tim Burton 's Batman movies sucked -LRB- Ok , Jack Nicholson looked cool as the Joker -RRB- . The plots were geared for folks with ADD and the art direction was more `` Burton '' than it was Batman . Then Joel Schumacher had a vision to mix Batman with musical theatre stage production -LRB- bad acting , colored lights , claustrophobic sets and homoeroticism -RRB- literally killing Batman . Given this history , I was barely interested in seeing Batman Begins , but I can honestly say that this is the first movie based off of a super hero that I liked at all -LRB- sorry I just do n't like Spiderman -RRB- . Bale is perfect for the duality of this role , and get this , he actually looks like he could kick the crap out of you . Noland & Goyer bring Miller 's vision of Gotham to life wonderfully -LRB- no greasy perms or latex nipples -RRB- . The Batmobile finally looks real instead of like Michael Jackson 's Liberachi-esqe dream toy . Add it all up and suddenly Batman is cool again . Katie Holms does n't really work in this film . She is too young and too trendy to make me believe she is the district attorney . Also , just hire a Chinese choreographer for the action sequences instead of choppy , close up action scenes . The sequel needs to be more of the same -LRB- Bale , Nolan & Goyer -RRB- . I also think Crispin Glover would make an awesome joker .
 Batman Begins was for me quite an enjoyment to behold . It was well made and actually had some depth . However ever since the previews I felt something lacking . I was n't all too excited by the preview as I had expected to be . This feeling somehow extended to the film . I recall as a kid being overwhelmed when I saw the preview for the original and I was not let down in the least . For me a comparison between Burton 's vision and Nolan 's is unavoidable . I know they are two completely different realms but I ca n't help but be saddened by the disappearance of the franchise Tim Burton was creating . And I ca n't help but reflect on how much more I connected with the original version than this one . I do n't completely blame Nolan for not being able to rival something so rare and phenomenal but I still feel he could have done something towards that old feeling at least a bit more without it necessarily feeling recycled . I prefer almost everything about the original
 MOVIE
 This film is a completely different take on Batman . As a kid , Batman was my favorite hero in the comics and ever since , all things Batman were cool.I was surprised by the approach the director took on Batman Begins , and I 'm sure it was a very difficult execution , but superb craftsmanship and originality bring this Batman very lively unto the screen , although he 's humanized and the origins of his `` powers '' are explained.It did n't hurt to see familiar movie legend faces such as Liam Neeson , Michael Caine -LRB- he 's everywhere these days , but that 's fine -RRB- , Morgan Freeman and Rutger Hauer -LRB- from e.g. Bladerunner ... and in a sense this motion picture reminded me a little bit of Balderunner in some scenes -RRB- . The twist of the story is very interesting and my 11 + year old said that it was a cool movie and he found it a little scary at times . There 's plenty of action and it 's the least cheesy Batman film ever made so far.In this film you learn about the humanity of Batman , although we all know it 's a fictional character , but it 's interesting to say the least . Bottom line , it 's well worth watching Batman Begins and this flick has an edge to it and it is more serious and darker than the previous takes on this comic book hero .
 I think we 're in for good things with the new Batman movies . Batman Begins is epic in scope and feel . At 2 hours and 20 minutes , a lot happens in the film . Not only does it setup how Bruce Wayne became the Batman but it also introduces a slew of baddies and sets an epic struggle for Gotham City . I remember as the movie ramped up to an excellent climax , sitting there and seeing everything that was happening and I wondered , THIS is the BEGINNING ? It was so well executed that it felt like the end of an epic series , rather than the beginning.And what a beginning it is . Taking different aspects from the comic books , Director Christopher Nolan and screenwriter David Goyer create a very realistic universe while at the same time making it thematically Batman.The big bone of contention is probably the Batmobile which looks nothing like the comics nor any of the movies . I happen to like it , it 's a different take on it and fits into their realistic mode more than the sleek and slender car does . The other slight problem is that Christian Bale 's `` Batman voice '' gets pretty corny towards the end . His growling at enemies , while masking his voice true , really takes away from the drama and tension of the scenes.The villains are great as well . Cillian Murphy -LRB- from 28 Days Later -RRB- is my favorite as the Scarecrow . Talk about gritty and pretty frightening . Tom Wilkinson as a mobster also was really well done.I do n't know what to say about this movie that does n't spoil the joy found within . All I can say is that this is the best version of Batman released yet . It even towers above the Tim Burton Batmans that I loved back in the 90s . It 's a great new start , and Christopher Nolan is n't shying away . Look for the gutsy calling card at the end of the film . A very gutsy move indeed for the next villain . Great film , great time , I doubly recommend it . The summer movie season has finally begun .
 I grew up watching all of the ` Batman ' movies , yet somehow felt that it had all gone wrong after the first . Now , after seeing BATMAN BEGINS for the third time , I can confidently say that this is the best Batman film ever . I am anxiously awaiting the next film by Christopher Nolan , with the cast from this movie .
 This movie returned Batman to his dark roots , and do n't get me wrong , I like Batman with Michael Keaton , despite its many flaws , but that does n't even come close to touching Batman Begins . The only thing that does is the animated series from the 90s . -LRB- Mark Hamill will forever be The Joker in my mind , and let 's face it Jack was just being Jack , not the Clown Prince of Crime -RRB- Great film , score , acting , action , plot , etc. . I ca n't say enough good things about it . The ending just sets up the sequels so beautifully . It makes reference to Batman
 This is undoutably the best Batman movie to date ... and yes , i also mean better that Burtons!This is the Batman from the comics , the way Bob Kane intended him to be . The cast is spectacular . The tone of the movie is spot on and realistically based in the modern day world . Not only is Batman Begins a ` great comic book movie ' ... it 's a ` great movie ' - period ! I foresee oscar paying this picture a couple of nods come academy award time next year ... Yes ... it 's just that good ! Let 's hope the sequel keeps the bar raised just as high or higher than director Chris Nolan has pushed it !
 I already had this title on standard DVD -LRB- single disc -RRB- , but I couldnt pass up the opportunity to get this on Blu-ray when Amazon dropped it to 11.99 . I wasnt going to replace any of my standard DVD discs with blu-ray versions as the upconversion displays them well enough . But upon seeing Batman Begins in blu-ray , I was confident that the 12.00 was worth it . Excellent 5-star transfer .
 `` Batman Begins '' is Christopher Nolan 's version of how Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- became Batman . It explains how his parents were killed , his fear of bats , and some of the extremities he went through with some of his training ; along with every other personal and physical obstacle Bruce must face on the way to finally becoming The Dark Knight . Gotham City is dying since guys like Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- are able to get away with just about anything because `` he keeps the bad people rich and the good people scared , '' as Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- would put it.Bruce Wayne trains with Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , the right hand of Ra 's Al Ghul , and The League of Shadows before things turn ugly . The League of Shadows believes in justice , but does n't think people who have committed such crimes deserve to live while Bruce Wayne believes in compassion and thinks criminals should have a fair trial before passing judgement . Leaving The League of Shadows in shambles , Bruce Wayne makes his way back to Gotham after a seven year absence . As Bruce Wayne said , `` As a man , I 'm flesh and blood . I can be ignored , I can be destroyed . But as a symbol ... as a symbol I can be incorruptible . I can be everlasting . '' This is the story of Batman 's uprising and the criminals he encounters along the way.This is the beginning of the best version of Batman to hit the silver screen , boys and girls . Tim Burton 's original film is really the only competition , but `` Batman Begins '' surpasses Burton 's `` Batman '' in almost every way . This film has a lot of strengths that start with the storyline . It does n't stray too far away from Batman classics like `` Year One '' and is just as dark in tone . The screenplay is also incredibly well-written as the dialogue feels natural and everything takes place in realistic fashion . The acting is very impressive as the main cast is filled with excellent actors ; Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman , Cillian Murphy , Rutger Hauer , and Ken Watanabe . This cast is beyond ridiculous if you stop to think about it.With films like `` 28 Days Later '' , `` Sunshine , '' and the Christopher Nolan directed `` Inception '' under his belt , Cillian Murphy should be on your radar of actors you should always keep your ear to the ground for . He makes the most of his screen time as nearly every one of his scenes is memorable in some way or another . Liam Neeson is n't so much under-utilized anymore as much as he 's underappreciated . The Henri Ducard character is a fascinating one whose enigmatic personality unravels more and more as the film progresses . Gary Oldman , who is perhaps one of the greatest actors to never win an Oscar , is just as fantastic as ever . How rare is it that the supporting cast is just as strong as the lead actors in any film ? That 's something Christopher Nolan is always able to accomplish.The impressive cinematography is also something to take note of . The film mostly takes full advantage of the darkness as Batman is always utilizing the shadows to fight crime , but it only makes the sudden shifts to color that much more sharp and vibrant . The camera being in Batman 's face as he tells Flass -LRB- Mark Boone Junior -RRB- to , `` Swear to me ! '' in the rain is so memorable thanks to how it 's filmed as is every time Jonathan Crane puts on his mask and uses his fear toxin.If there is one Batman film anyone should see , this is it . It 's a superhero film with a dark tone that 's very well-written with nothing but incredible actors involved . In a world where most movies these days are usually either remakes or films that are made as quickly as possible to cash in on the latest trend in Hollywood , a reboot that is not only worthy of your time but tends to make you forget about every other version that came before it says quite a bit . If there was one film that could change someone 's mind about disliking the Batman character , then this would be it . This is a good enough film to stand on its own regardless of how the viewer feels about Batman going into it .
 I will not write a review on the actual content of the movie , but I will rate this 5 stars for the HD picture quality and sound . I was able to pick up a copy of this before the release date , and it is one of the best titles for picture quality on the format so far . The image had a nice `` pop '' to it and the cityscape scenes were stunning in HD . The True HD soundtrack is absolutely incredible and shows that the HD-DVD format has more going for it than just a great picture . I 'm sure that the majority of HD-DVD player owners will be purchasing this title , and I can say that it is well worth it .
 After a foiled attempt at avenging the deaths of his parents by a common street thug and a run-in with Gotham City 's crime boss , rich kid Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- realizes that he knows very little of the injustice and evil that adorns the world like a plague . He grew up a rich snot-nosed kid , but his father always told him to protect the less privelaged . But Bruce decides that he needs to study those who take advantage of the weak , and so becomes a criminal himself in order to further his study . While in an Asian prison , he is visited by a mysterious man named Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- who is a member of the League of Shadows , an organization dedicated to stamping out evil and corruption wherever it can be found , even if it means destroying Gotham City to further their ends ! Bruce , in the guise of Batman must return to his home to save his city from tearing itself apart and rein in the criminal elements that rule the streets.Batman Begins is a modern classic with beautiful shots reminiscent of Kurosawa that George Lucas would envy . When I saw it at the movies , I knew the director was doing a 180 degree turn from previous installments by concentrating on the characters , almost making it a domestic drama that just happens to be a superhero movie by accident . I thought then that maybe he took things TOO slow , but after seeing it on DVD on a small-screen I was more impressed . This is a very personal film and relies a lot on old style acting . And by that I mean Bale actually ACTS . He shows emotion and nuance in his performance . A good example is when he runs into Katie Holmes , his old love , for the first time in years in his guise of drunk playboy Bruce Wayne and you can just feel how much he wants to explain himself , but is hampered by his secret identity . Or a scene where Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- tries to comfort Bruce Wayne as a young kid after his parent 's deaths . The actors and actress were very good at relaying their character 's inner lives with the lost art of close ups and the director 's use of reaction shots . The other great thing that Bale does in this film is make Batman scary for the first time . Of course , if you know Bale 's work from American Psycho you know he can play the unhinged really well as he murdered people to theses on Huey Lewis and Whitney Houston and here he seems tough as nails and unforgiving but his Batman never slips to murder as a means to an end . As for the look of the film , it was very similar to the first Batman and Blade Runner , but I guess there has n't been much advancement in the field of set design when it comes to slightly futuristic cities in decline . Batman Begins feels more like a film from the 40s or 50s when movies truly mattered and is the better for it.I would highly recommend buying the Deluxe Version for a little more money , since there are absolutely ZERO extras included on this version .
 The fact that it took eight years for a new Batman film to be released illustrates how freaked out the studio was over the commercial and critical failure of Batman and Robin . Warner Brothers gave the franchise a much needed rest while they quietly looked for someone to reboot it . At first , it looked like Darren Aronofsky and Frank Miller might be the ones but the studio did n't like their vision . Then came screenwriter David S. Goyer and up-and-coming director Christopher Nolan who decided to return the Dark Knight back to his roots . They wanted to explore what motivated Bruce Wayne to dress up like a giant bat and wage war on the criminals of Gotham City . By all accounts , their effort , fittingly entitled Batman Begins , was a resounding success . The critics loved it and audiences flocked to the theatres to see it . So , what did they do right?The casting . While anyone can disappear into the bat suit and look scary it 's playing Bruce Wayne that is the real challenge . To date , only Michael Keaton has pulled it off because he brought a complexity to the role . Christian Bale , who has proven that he 's got considerable acting chops with an impressive resume , perfectly captures the essence of the tortured billionaire . Also gone are the obvious casting of marquee names like Jim Carrey and Arnold Schwarzenegger in favour of reliable character actors like Gary Oldman , Cillian Murphy and Rutger Hauer . They bring sincerity and just the right amount of believability to their roles . The only weak bit of casting is Katie Holmes who is utterly forgettable as the token damsel in distress.The story . Goyer and Nolan remain true to the spirit of Batman 's origins as depicted by Bob Kane and Bill Finger -LRB- with a dash of Frank Miller 's Batman
 Before this movie , Batman had never really been accurately portrayed on the silver screen . But , now he has ... This IS the definitive Batman film . Not only is it a great superhero/action film - it is a wonderful film in general.Batman Begins is a reboot for the Batman movie franchise ; it is in no way linked to the previous 4 movies in any way -LRB- and thankfully , in my opinion -RRB- . It is an origin story of one of America 's most popular characters and it delves into the character of the Dark Knight in ways that have not been seen on the silver screen before.We `` begin '' with a young Bruce Wayne and get a feel for the wonderful , loving childhood he had until his parents were tragically murdered in front of his own eyes by a bum on the streets of Gotham . We then follow a grown up Bruce all around the world as he learns what it is like to live without a home or money and as he seeks the means to fighting injustice some time after the death of his parents . We learn why it is that he chooses to become a man dressed like a giant bat and how he acquires the weapons and technology needed to fight the criminals of Gotham and to restore peace to his beloved city . Even the functionality of every part of the suit from the cape to the ears on the cowl is explained . That 's just a glimpse of the attention to detail that this movie takes into allowing us to know this character.Also , we really get to know Bruce Wayne in Begins . He really has such a great character arc and we really feel for the character long before he ever dons the cape and cowl . Bruce Wayne/Batman is clearly the central character in this movie , which the previous live-action films failed to accomplish.The cast in the film is superb . Christian Bale does an incredible job as Bruce Wayne and Batman . As many know , these are really two different parts because Bruce Wayne is really the fake , public persona wheras Batman is when Bruce Wayne shows his true identity . They finally touch on this , and it is done beautifully . Also , Gary Oldman is wonderful as Lt. Jim Gordon - and thankfully this character is done in such an awesome fashion . He is Batman 's only friend and a great cop on a terribly corrupt police force in this movie , the way the character was meant to be . Michael Caine really shines as Alfred and the character is portrayed wonderfully . Liam Neeson is spectacular -LRB- as always -RRB- as Henri Ducard , Bruce Wayne 's mentor . Cillian Murphy is wonderfully twisted and creepy as the Scarecrow without being over the top whatsoever . And Morgan Freeman 's performance is great -LRB- as always -RRB- in the few memorable scenes he is in . Katie Holmes also really gives a great performance as Bruce 's lifetime friend and Gotham Assistant DA.As far as the plot goes - it is fantastic . You are really drawn into this movie for its entirety . Christopher Nolan and David Goyer wrote a great script with an incredibly touching and suspensful plot . Nolan also directed flawlessly . The action scenes are really incredible as well , and all of the action is necessary to the plot and extremely well edited.One of the most wonderful things about this movie is the realism that is consistent throughout the movie . Gone are the ridiculous neon lights of Schumacher 's movies and the extreme Gothic tone of Burton 's . You really feel that Batman could exist in this Gotham City - even so much that this movie does n't feel like a `` superhero '' movie . It really goes above and beyond the genre to create a very realistic movie that all audiences can thoroughly enjoy and appreciate at the same time . It may be a little bit on the scary side for younger kids - but there is hardly any objectional content in this movie otherwise -LRB- which I greatly appreciate -RRB- . This movie is a MUST SEE , in my opinion , and a MUST OWN for anyone who likes having great movies to watch any time . Check this one out . It is an extremely fine film , and one of my favorites that I have ever seen .
 After the success of Tim Burton 's `` Batman '' -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , `` Batman Returns '' , and the box-office flop -LSB- s -RSB- of Joel Schumacher 's `` Batman Forever '' -LRB- which Mr. Burton co-produced -RRB- and `` Batman & Robin '' it seemed as if the movie franchise was long dead ! But could there have been a way to resurrect the good ol' caped crusader without butchering the series even further ? Director Christopher Nolan and actor Christian Bale prove that the answer is yes ! Much more realistic and darker than the previous four films , ` Begins ' starts everything off fresh and new where we learn every single detail involving Bruce Wayne 's childhood and the origin of the Bat Cave , Bat Suit , and of course
 Definitely spend the extra bucks for the 2 disc set This set comes with a really cool bonus disc and a great digest sized comic compiled with some of the great comic book stories that inspired the writers on the film . The bonus features are great , but I 'd have liked some of them to be a bit longer -- such as the history of Batman featurette . Great documentary on the pre-production and stunts as well as the fight choreography . Unfortunately the only cast member they interview in any depth is Christian Bale -LRB- such a shame considering the enormously talented cast this film has -RRB- and NO director 's commentary or any commentary for that matter . Personally I 'd have loved a commentary with the cast and writers.As for the film
 There were and are a few grumblings from critics here and there but ultimately this film garnered near unanimous applause and a huge sigh of relief . Batman Begins is not perfect by any measure but is easily the best Batman movie ever , not that it had serious competition from it 's predecessors . The first thing director Christopher Nolan does is say the hell with the neon colors , the over the top comic book sensibility , the freakshow circuses , let 's take Batman back to his roots . Strip him of all the tarnish and the villians and the crazy gadgets . Let 's go to the core of who he is . Who is Batman ? Who is Bruce Wayne ? How did Bruce Wayne become Batman ? Everyone knows the answers to these questions but we never saw these questions answered vividly before our very eyes on the cinematic screen before Batman Begins . One of the genius strokes of this movie is the fact that Batman is not even shown onscreen for the first hour of the film ! Unbelievable ! That had to have Warner Brothers executives biting their fingernails incessantly . Will those pesky teenagers in the audience sit still as the story of Batman is allowed to unfold at an unhurried pace ? Apparently those pesky teenagers were n't so dumb after all since the film was quite a hit . Hey , even adults liked this movie , two birds with one stone.Christian Bale is the best actor to inhabit this character , ever . Some may have their nostalgia for Michael Keaton but Keaton was very low-key and let the freakshow villians dominate his movies with their antics . Christian Bale 's Bruce Wayne/Batman is a marked difference from previous actors , he is involving and fascinating as a character . From the tragedy of his past to the glory of his future , the whole path of this character makes perfect dramatic sense . Michael Caine does his job as Alfred , Liam Neeson is an intelligent villian , Cillian Murphy gets a bit on my nerves , but anyhow , the only person who lets the cast down is Katie Holmes . She 's just there to be a pretty face and she 's not that pretty ! Gary Oldman as Gordan is right on the money . Morgan Freeman , Tom Wilkinson and even Rutger Hauer are terrific supporting characters . Ken Watanabe 's short appearance is significant too . That 's a lot of name actors!The script and pacing are terrific , however Batman Begins does have it 's faults . Let me list them . There seems to be too many characters and plot points as if Nolan wants to ram a far more epic story into the running time . Then there is the question of the action scenes , Nolan 's directing of action is still in it 's infancy and there is no action set-piece to take your breath away and go , `` Wow , that 's amazing ! '' . So the action scenes leave something to be desired and the Batmobile looks like -LSB- ... -RSB- to be honest , but it 's design makes sense in light of Nolan 's more realistic take on the whole Batman mythology . -LRB- The Batmobile still looks very derivative , admit it ! -RRB- . Overall , this film was a joy to watch . I saw it on the huge IMAX screen and was very happy to finally be witness to the Batman film we all rightfully deserved . In light of the box-office victory and the critical triumph , this film should not have been called Batman Begins , but instead Batman Redeemed !
 Being a longtime fan of the Batman comics , I have definite ideas about what a Batman movie should be . I am pleased to report that Batman Begins is pretty close to my definition of a good Batman movie - it 's certainly the first incarnation of a live-action Batman that I would recommend to friends . The story - millionaire heir Bruce Wayne witnesses his parents deaths at the hands of a mugger . He ends up wandering the world looking for a purpose and comes across the formidable and enigmatic Ra 's al Ghul , head of a centuries-old organisation dedicated to cleaning up corruption and decadance -LRB- they claim to have caused the sack of Rome , for example -RRB- . He trains in a variety of martial arts , returning to Gotham City -LRB- a fictional city `` between NYC and NJ '' -RRB- to start his life of crimefighting . His first target - mob kingpin Carmine Falcone . His second mission - to save Gotham from Ra 's 's mad plan to raze the city as an example to the world.To a true Batman fan , the plot is not so important as the execution . Luckily the designers of the Batsuit understood that Batman is not a tank that plods through badguys , but a stealth fighter than surgically picks off baddies one-by-one , maximising fear by remaining undetectable . By the same token , this Batsuit is flexible enough that Bale can use martial arts moves and not look awkward , unlike his film predecessors . Similarly , the new Batmobile is a Humvee-like military vehicle that can obviously take the damage thrown at it -LRB- as opposed to a suped-up Corvette -RRB- . Also of vital importance to a Batman story is the incorporation of his origin and the surrounding minor characters . Just as the recent Spider-man films incorporated a large cast of supporting characters and pinned his personality on his origin story , so too does this Batman film . This gives it a richness and depth that is vital to its believability -LRB- if such a thing is even possible for a superhero film ! -RRB- . I was especially pleased to see the big-screen debut of Lt. Gordon 's corrupt and bullying partner , Det. Flass . Similarly , Gordon himself , Alfred , Ra 's , Scarecrow -LRB- Jonathan Crane -RRB- , etc. are all used to good effect here.Unfortunately , there are some nitpicking problems with the film . For starters , where did this character of Rachel -LRB- played by Katie Holmes -RRB- come from ? There is a perfectly good D.A. in the Batman mythos -LRB- Harvey Dent -RRB- , why invent a new one ? Similarly , if a female character was needed to be endangered , why not Vicki Vale ? Surely an investigative reporter can get into as much trouble with a crime lord as a D.A. could . Another missing character is Ra 's 's daughter Talia . Finally , -LRB- SPOILER ALERT !! -RRB- Batman fans will be very upset that his greatest nemesis -LRB- except possibly the Joker -RRB- dies at the end of the film . Fans of the comic know that Ra 's is immortal - perhaps Talia will drag his body back to a Lazarus Pit and revive him ? Will we actually see Liam Neeson again?The biggest complaint I have , though , is the balance between the action and the detective work . To me , Batman is sort of a cross between Bruce Lee and Sherlock Holmes . This film has gone entirely to the Bruce Lee side and left out the Sherlock Holmes . Granted , a young and impetuous Batman would probably prefer busting heads to careful CSI-like forensic investigation . I only hope that the overseers at Warner Bros. do n't fall into the trap of making an unending series of action films , which would quickly get boring . The detective work , if well done , would be a welcome and necessary aspect of maintaining interest in the franchise.This Special Edition set is most interesting due to the inclusion of the comic book . It contains a few stories from different eras of the Batman comics , to give the reader an overview of the evolution of the comic and character . The DVD extras themselves are pretty standard and only mildly interesting . They include featurettes on the new Batmobile , the development of the Batsuit , etc. .
 i was hesitant to see this film because the past batman movies never impressed me - actually they destroyed batman in all previous attempts . They really did . With low expectations I finally did see this one . Excellent film . Wish I saw it sooner . Forget completely batmans of the past and enjoy this new beginning . Very good . 5 stars for washing away the bad taste of previous batman flicks .
 I hate Batman . I 've seen them all with friends just never cared for them . But still I knew I had to watch this one because it had four of my favorite actors in it Christian Bale , Liam Neesan , Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine and I 've never missed any of their movies and all four of them together ? I was still completely cynical and was completely blown away with my reaction to the movie . I loved it not only that I bought the DVD . That 's right a self-proclaimed Batman hater actually loved a Batman movie and bought the DVD . Batman Begins is so good . It peels away all the colorful villians and over the top stunts and put together a very well written story that 's a very believable human story . There 's so much going on in the movie and its all actually very relate able . Christian Bale plays the role of Batman so well showing the more human side full of faults , dreams and the need to avenge his parents ' deaths . Liam Nessiam was is usual awsome self and his charactor awsome . I enjoyed how they introduced the villain of the show the Scarecrow was well done . I ca n't believe I just watched a Batman movie and liked it .
 Like a lot of others I was n't sure if another Batman movie was necessary , with the Burton masterpieces and the Schumacher disasters still fresh in everyone 's minds . But like those people , I was wrong . This was the Batman movie that surpassed my expectations , an experience so rich and entertaining that I did n't think it could be done as live-action . Really , it 's the tale of a man obsessed with darkness , trying to find a way to fight the shadows without being consumed by them . A man who takes the law into his own hands against a much greater evil than he could 've ever imagined . And oh yeah , the man just happens to call himself Batman.Performances are spot-on all around , and Christian Bale easily makes Batman/Bruce Wayne his own . The cast is fairly star-studded , and each one contributes their share without putting their ego in , for a true ensemble piece . All the little origin details are here , from why Batman takes bats as influence , why he needs a cape , and what a practical Batmobile would look like . Two things feel off
 Do n't expect any bat junk like `` shark repellant '' in this one . It 's darker than Tim Burton 's and it complexly makes you forget about all the other modern incarnations of PG rated goffery . This film has a great build up and a great explanation of things . Bruce works hard and fails continually , we get to see him develop and suffer and most importantly we get a great new Bat Mobile.The only problem I had with this film is that the scarecrow just seems unnecessary . The movie worked so hard to present a new kind of realism that seems detracted from one that stupid mask appears . Henri Ducard was a good enough villain and the scarecrow just seemed to get in the way.Still all in all , this is a great picture - one that you can easily watch over and over .
 This is one of the best Superhero films ever because is both entertainingbut at the same time , displays a kind of emotional intensity that I ` venever seen before in the Batman Series . . it 's extremely well producedbut the MVP goes to Christian Bale -LRB- who finally gets to really touch 'em all as Batman -RRB- . He 's one of the finest actors of my generation !!
 When I was a kid , I grew up with the superhero comics
 Ladies and gentlemen , it 's a good time to be a comic book nerd.With the recent renaissance in good comic book films -LRB- starting with Blade in 1998 and really kicking into high gear with X-men in 2000 -RRB- , fans of characters like Wolverine , Peter Parker , and now the Dark Knight , have finally been able to enjoy movies that treat their source material with almost unerring respect , and yet still manage to stand alone as solid entertainment . Batman Begins , directed by Memento and Insomnia 's Christopher Nolan and written by comic book veteran David S. Goyer , is the best thing to happen to the character since Bruce W. Timm 's animated re-imagining of Batman more than a decade ago.Like other `` comic book movies '' in recent years , Batman Begins lives up to its title , telling the origin story of Gotham 's tormented savior from the death of his parents to the `` present day . '' However , unlike Burton 's boldly gothic world or the later , glitzier neon Batman incarnations , Nolan 's live-action film places the story firmly in a recognizable reality , avoiding even the milder sci-fi trappings of the Spider-man and X-men films . Gotham City is not an evil-looking nest of fiersome gargoyles and gloomy cityscapes ; it feels like a real american metropolis , albeit one that has obviously fallen on hard times . Economic depression has created street thugs of honest men and women , and the crime syndicates flourish while the powerful are too scared or too bribed to do anything.All this changes when Bruce 's parents are gunned down in an alley by a desperate man , leaving the grieving young boy alone in the world but for a childhood best friend , Racheal , and the family butler , Alfred . When robbed even of the chance to exact vengeance against his parents ' murderer , Bruce Wayne abandons Gotham and his inheritance to disappear into the ciminal underworld , eventually ending up a prisoner in Asia . Here , a fateful meeting with Henry Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- and Ras Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- propels Bruce from his training as a member of the League of Shadows to donning the cape and cowl of the world 's greatest detective.The film 's strengths lie not just in the refreshingly realistic sensibilites that the film uses to portray Begins ' ihabitants -LRB- everything from corrupt city officials , bent cops , lone idealists , and cocksure kingpins manages to feel grandiose and familiar without coming off as overbearing or cliched -RRB- , but also in the skill apparent in every frame of the film . The story is a very well-drawn tale that touches on Batman 's complex but idealistic morality -LRB- something Burton 's films forgot when it was time for Batman to break out the chainguns and bat-bombs -RRB- , as well as creating credible villains.For that matter , the entire world seems credible ; Gotham does n't look too much like any one city to be place -LRB- Chicago with multiple digital and practical enhancements plays the part -RRB- , and everything from the stunts to the more outlandish technology never feels out of place in the film . The same can be said for the music ; Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard collaberate to create a subtle yet very moving score that never tries to one-up or emulate Elfman 's original.However , perhaps the most impressive accolade the movie can claim is the cast . Christian Bale completely inhabits the dual role of Bruce Wayne/Batman with a feral strength and darkly ironic sensibility that never quite made it to the character in the previous live-action films . However , even more enjoyable is the supporting cast ; Gary Oldman 's Sgt. Gordon looks like he stepped right out of the pages of Batman
 Batman and Batman Returns rocked solid and Batman Forever and Batman & Robin ah , they 're crap . This one should be the best yet ! The first time I saw a prievew for it ah , it was ok . But when I saw a 2nd I was freaken excited ! But my main question is ... WHO WILL BE THE VILLAIN ? IT BETTER BE JOKER OR ELSE I 'M GON NA CRY -LRB- I 'm joking -RRB- !!!
 but i think if you want dark , scary , violent get this one but i like fantastic four too but maybe they 're just if you 're in the mood for the OPPOSITE ok ? so it 's excellent and i like this but i like fantastic four too !!
 -LRB- i had already posted a pre-viewing review under another name which garnered 0-15 helpfull hints ... BURTON FANS VENTING ?!?!?!? ILL ALWAYS THINK KEATON WAS WAY TOO OLD AND SKINNY TO BE A CONVINCING SUPERHERO.SO THERE ! -RRB- anyway , to use ` impressed ' is too pedestrian -LRB- how obstreperous of me using such a noun -RRB- a word.astounded -LRB- not much better -RRB- is more fitting.sure , the pace was a tad snail like , only due to my anticipation of the dark knight.had it been a regular joe smith seeking revenge flick , pace was fine.looking back , there was plenty of non gratuitous action taking place.my anticipation clouded the whole training portions.very well done.most blockbusters bombard us with loud noise , explosion and skin to replace making sense -LRB- `` that should shut em up ! `` is what directors are probably saying when ideas are low -RRB- those who whip out their '' lets find flaws '' microscope have gall.this ISNT TIM BURTON !!!!!!!!!! THIS ISNT THE '' LETS KEEP DOING WHAT HAS ALREADY BEEN DONE '' SHOW !!!!! lets not lose focus people.this is the story about BATMAN and how HE came to be.all else , in THIS chapter , played second-forth fiddle !!!! those needing to gripe about burtons style over nolans realism , watch it continuously to your hearts content.lets get back to BATMAN BEGINS -LRB- not the riddler or joker or alfred , but BATMAN shall we ? -RRB- we know the story ad nauseam , so ill get to the comparisons.bale made a better overall actor than any other.forget the gravelly voice crap.keaton was too old and puny , val too sensetive and george too cartoonish -LRB- in my 1st review i mentioned i hadnt seen any batman other than the 1st ... well i didnt see them without having to be shook awake , sorry -RRB- the bit players played their parts to the confines of their parts ... ESPECIALLY K HOLMS.what do you people want from her?an action franchise spinoff ?!?!?!? if you need a fix for that , electra is for rent.movies get muddled when too many charactors are thrown at us -LRB- too many chefs in a kitchen will ruin a meal -RRB- . lets keep it simple.its all about FOCUS !!!!! the villian/s ... one was very cool when he was on screen and the other was a surprise to me and not an outrageous one.and no , they were not the FOCUS !!!! the plot , as convoluted as plots get , was still original.and these days , originality is hard to come by.many detractors say the fight sequences were too jittery and poorly edited.well lets remember ... he is a nocturnal hero , hence , dark fight scenes.hes also supposed to be stealth , hence , here one moment , gone the next -LRB- see training portion of movie -RRB- . and prolonged fight scenes with mere thugs doesnt make a hero super in my book.as cool as choreographed fight scenes -LRB- dance moves with kicking and punching -RRB- look , ill have mine realistic , thank you.sure , fight scenes and the comBATants must be put into context.here , they were shot fine.i read an article nolan was in ... `` i want the audience to BELIEVE what they are seeing ' '' . . ok , not verBATim but the gist.realism is what he was after.as it was as realistic as a costumed crime fighter movie can be.HOWEVER ... it did have flaws ... why were the waynes so darned PERFECT ?!?!?!? says alfred : these tunnels were here when you great grand dad helped slaves escape `` PASS ME A BARFBAG , PRONTO !!! and tom wayne nearly losing his fortune helping the needy ?!?!?!? CRY ME A & * ^ % $ ING RIVER !!!!! and his last words ... `` its not your fault bruce '' ... who said it was ?!?!?!? and lastly ... SPOILER TIME !!!!!! WHY DID HE HAVE TO REVEAL HIS IDENTITY TO KATE ?!?!? DIDNT SPIDY DO THAT ?!?!?!? sheesh ... anyway , this is the definitive BATMAN movie and to weep over not having bad guys to fawn over is being ... obstreperous.i look forward to the zero helpful hints votes.XOXO
 when i was little i was engrossed by batman the animated series.batman was a darker character as compared with other super hero boyscouts like superman -LRB- not that i dont love him -RRB- . also christian bale is HOTT . after seeing him in swing kids , newsies , and little women i am pratically obsessed.i am excited over their villain choice of ra 's al ghul -LRB- i know i screwed that up but whatever . -RRB- i hope that this new batman movie does the batman fanbase some good and does some damage control from the recent cartoon and last movie.YEY CHRISTIAN BALE AS BATMAN !!!!!!!!
 Is Batman begins . It relies a little too much on heavy handed action sequences -LRB- like a Chuck Norris film or recent James Bond movie -RRB- . But it does have pretty good story and I love the way the guy with the mask is such a non-cartoon like villain so unlike any bad guy we saw in Burton 's or Schumacher 's Batman films or the 60 's Batman series with Adam west . Also , I like the way the guy playing the cop in the film is no macho stud -LRB- like Tom Selleck -RRB- but is still allowed to be heroic . I also like the brief scene with the loose women and the pool .
 I did like this Batman movie a lot ! I now own all of them -LRB- except for the Adam West movie -RRB- . But there are a few holes in the story that left me wondering.In this first movie , Bruce 's parents are killed by the Joker , that 's why he wants Joker dead ! But in this movie , they are killed by someone else completely.The story keeps changing about how he fell into the bat cave as a boy . In one movie , he falls into the cave while running in angst over his parents death . In Batman Begins , Bruce falls into the bat cave while his parents are still living , and while he 's playing around at Wayne Manor.There were a few other things that led me to believe that keeping to the same storyline is n't that important to different directors . But overall , a good film to add to your Batman collection .
 This Could Be The Best Batman Movie Next to the original . I dont want to Talk about the movie too much.The Best Batman to the worst :1 . Michael Keaton2.Christan Bale3.Val Kilmer4.George Clooney.Best Batman Directors from best to worst :1 . Tim Burton2.Christopher Noolen3.Joel SchmacherThis is one of the best so go see it .
 I just got done seeing it for a fourth time and I 've got to say the more and more I see it , the more and more I love it . In my opinion it 's by far the best Batman . I ca n't wait for the sequel . If you have n't seen this movie , go see it .
 i think this movie good it , s has it , s flaws bale batman , s was better than batman forever and batman robin but this movie put , s more foucs on the comics than the batman himself the blade movies were much better . bale batman wasn , t bad but it wasn , t great . a minor comeback for DC comics it , s better the batman films that before it , s even better than superman returns because christian bale is minor star he , s not a list like the people who played batman before him . keaton was a household or become household name when he played batman i think this movie a good step bale to help his career he did me forget about superman returns . one thing he had right or this movie the joker kill did not batman pranets like in the frist batman movie .
 After years of believing 1989 's Batman with Michael Keaton was the best Batman movie out of the four Burton/Schumacher films , there is now a clear cut winner , and those four do not make the final cut . Not even close.Batman Begins is the movie fans of the franchise have been waiting for . It is dark , exciting , and gives a real feel to the man behind the mask , Bruce Wayne , as well as Gotham City overall . The best thing about this movie is its plot and its acting . Christian Bale is great as the Dark Knight -LRB- which will be the title of the 2008 sequel -RRB- , Liam Neeson is a cruel villain as he should be , and Michael Caine is fantastic as Wayne 's witty and supportive butler , Alfred.This movie captures what the previous films of the Burton/Schumacher films failed to capture , and that is Batman 's hard fight for justice in Gotham , no matter what the cost . In addition , this film is basic with regard to Batman 's gadgets -LRB- batmobile , grappling gun , cape etc. -RRB- and makes Batman 's character believable . Some may say that the Batmobile jumping off roof tops was farfetched , but that 's how it was in the comics.Overall , Batman Begins was a great movie and brought credibility back to a franchise that had absolutely none thanks to Joel Schumacher and Akiva Goldsman 's disastrous `` Batman & Robin '' . The movie reminded me very much of the Fox Kids animated series that aired in the early to mid ' 90 's , which was an excellent series and really not meant for kids under the age of 10 . Many adults even argued that it was for them.Bottom Line
 Growing up with the previous Batman films I had grown a fondness to them , especially Tim Burton 's first two . Heading in to see this new take on the series I expected another typical film , better than Forever and Robin , but not Batman and Returns . I was amazed and entertained more than I have been before from this type of genre and I have only seen a few films which are as close to perfect as this one . From the design to the acting this film is great for anyone , even if you are n't interested in comic book films . This double disk dvd makes the experience even greater , with an interactive comic book menu and in-depth special features . It makes me clammy waiting for the next film in the trilogy due out in 2008 .
 A young American in a Far East prison meets a mysterious stranger who offers him the training and focus he needs to become what he desires most
 Director
 Quite possibly the movie of the year.I went into this thinking , `` They 've DONE the whole Batman thing . Why put us through it AGAIN ?! The first Burton/Keaton Batman was da bomb . `` Returns '' was decent , `` Forever '' was entertaining but sadly lacking . Seriously , with a cast like Drew Barrymore , Jim Carrey , Tommy Lee Jones , Nicole Kidman , Val Kilmer , and Kevin Grevioux -LRB- Raze of Underworld fame -RRB- , how could Schumacher screw that up ? Well , he found a way , and with the release of `` Batman & Robin , '' it became painfully obvious that the end of Batman was more than just `` in sight , '' it was here.I grieved the death of what could have been a terriffic franchise , and I moved on.Then along comes Goyer . He wrote `` Blade
 I wo n't -LRB- and ca n't -RRB- add to the other 700 + positive reviews here . Suffice it to say that for nearly 40 years , I have been a fan of Batman in comics and on screen , and for the first time ever , I feel someone -LRB- namely director Christopher Nolan , writer David Goyer , and actor Christian Bale -RRB- have brought the character that I have loved for so long to full three-dimensional life . Someone finally GOT it.As much as I liked Michael Keaton 's take on Batman , THIS is the definitive version . The previous four movies were , as Bale 's Bruce Wayne would say , `` practice '' . Nolan takes a huge chance in spending a full hour of screen time introducing us to Batman 's alter-ego Bruce Wayne . We do n't even see Batman until nearly halfway through the movie . But this chance pays off in spades , because by the time Batman appears with his full costume and equipment , we are fully invested in his character , his motives , and his techniques , and we are 100 % rooting for him to start kicking some a $ $ . -LRB- Let 's face it
 When this movie came out I could n't wait to see it . And man did this movie did not disapoint . Christian Bale playing Batman is one of the best Batmans ever.Dare I say , probably the best batman of all time . Now I was n't to sure of how Katie Holmes would of been in this movie but she was n't all that bad . Great acting and great effects too . The movie is more darker than the first movies and has more of a story of why Bruce Wayne became the dark night . He goes through training and learns the diffrence between justice and vengence . With a corrupt city it 's up to Bruce to find a symbol . One that will put fear into the criminls and with the help of Sgt. Gorden -LRB- he is n't commisoner yet -RRB- , Lucius Fox , and his helpful butler Alfred , to save Gothom from the corrupt . But it wo n't be easy as criminals like Carmine Falcone , Scarecrow , and the man that helped Bruce to become what he was Ras Al Ghul who wants to destroy Gothom with the help of his League of Shadows . Great movie overall and great action . It 's one of my favorite movies and if your a batman fan or not , you wo n't be dissapointed .
 I really had never got into the batman story . I really did n't like some of the older batman movies . I did n't give this movie a chance but saw it at a party . It really surprised me how good this movie was . It had brilliant acting and Batman was really cool . It won me over . Awesome Movie
 You already know what this movie is about . The question is - is it any good ? The answer is yes , this is a great movie on all fronts - action , plot , meaning , acting , effects . I was entranced by all of it . This is how movies these days should be made .
 Batman Begins is n't another superhero movie in the line of Spider - Man , the X - Men or the Hulk . In fact , even if you do n't care for Batman orany of his costumed colleagues , you can still enjoy this film as a goodaction - thriller . It does n't thrive on special effects and big actionscenes but offers a decent story with lots of attention to characterdevelopment . The movie is fairly low tech and because it does n't relyon computer technology in the way other recent superhero movies do , ithas an old school feel to it , kind of like an early 80s fantastic filmor even Superman
 I really ca n't belive there are people who did ' t like B.B.It 's GREAT , amazing!You know ... the costume , I understand , the first one was better ... -LRB- of corse it was ... dificult to him to move ... but the mask was great ! -RRB- The others movies ... WHAT THE HELL was that ? how can someone enjoy that ? the uniform ... . GAY!Come on guys ... This Batman is gorgeous ! * Needs more shadown after all ...
 This movie will be so kick ass that all the other batman stinkers will be completly forgoten.By the way Batman begings with be shoting for an R rating.No sex but extreeme supper cool violence and gore.Piece out
 This movie was awesome !!! But is the Deluxe Edition going to be available for Full-Screen ????????????????????
 It can sound like hyperbole when comic fans describe their heroes as the mythology of the modern age , but in the hands of a skilled storyteller , we can see that there is more than a little truth to it . Director/screenwriter Christopher Nolan and co-screenwriter David Goyer play up the mythic elements of the Batman legend , presenting Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christain Bale -RRB- as a figure driven to combat the evil that destroyed his childhood and warped his personality . Along the way , we also get a plausible explanation for just why a young billionaire might be obsessed with bats and how he might come up with a Batmobile , a bat suit , and an array of advanced weaponry.The real strength of this film is its emphasis on atmosphere and character , so much so that I did n't mind that Batman did n't appear until roughly an hour into the film . When he does finally show up , it 's great . Highly recommended .
 I first saw Batman Begins in the theater . Quite frankly , I was blown away and thought it was easily the best of the Batman movies . I just got done watching the film again , this time the DVD version , and the experience only served to strengthen my initial assessment . This is a 5 star movie . All of the major players are in top form . Bale and Caine are very natural together , and Oldman was a great choice to play a your Gordon.I can not wait for the sequel to this movie . Under Christopher Nolan 's deft direction , I am certain the movie will be great . I always thought that Spiderman II was far superior to Spiderman . If the sequel to Batman Begins tops this one , we are in for an exceptional treat.If you are on the fence about seeing this movie , or are not sure if you want to watch it ; do yourself a favor and rent or buy this DVD , it is a top notch 5 star film .
 This is the best movie I 've seen in some time . Christian Bale is superb as are the other actors . I remember watching the tv series growing up and had heard this version was the best of the movies . It will renew your faith that great movies are still being made .
 16 years after Tim Burton stunned audiences and critics with his believable and dark motion picture version of Batman , Christopher Nolan -LRB- Memento , Insomnia -RRB- has remade the movie with an even more believable premise and darker edge.After Burton and Batman star Michael Keaton left the Batman series in 1992 with Batman Returns , the sequels got worse and ridiculous -LRB- Joel Schumacher literally destroyed the Batman installments with Batman Forever , with Val Kilmer as Batman , and Batman And Robin , with George Clooney turning Batman into a smiling dummy -RRB- . Nolan succeeds in bringing back the seriousness of the original Batman , with Christian Bale -LRB- The Machinist -RRB- donning the bat suit this time around.As the title prescribes , the film explores Bruce Wayne 's gradual emergence into the dark caped superhero , and in the process resurrects the death of his rich and famous parents . The film then shows Bruce getting picked up and raised by the family 's butler Alfred , played by Michael Caine -LRB- Dirty Rotten Scoundrels -RRB- , departing from Gotham to no man 's land where he learns the skills of fighting on the hands of ninja warrior Ducard , played by Liam Neeson -LRB- Gangs Of New York -RRB- , being initiated into but refusing to join a dark cult known as the League of Shadows led by Ra 's Al Ghul , played by Ken Watanabe -LRB- The Last Samurai -RRB- , returning to a corrupt and crime-ridden Gotham city , reestablishing a relationship with his childhood sweetheart Rachel Dawes , played by Katie Holmes , and vowing to bring back order to the city that his father help build , and in return got him killed , while in the process fight a relentless enemy known as The Scarecrow , played brilliantly by Cilian Murphy -LRB- Red Eye -RRB- , with a little help from an honest detective named Jim Gordon , played by Gary Oldman -LRB- State Of Grace , JFK -RRB- . Nolan 's directing never fails , while Bale 's portrayal of Bruce Wayne/Batman is only second best to , if not equal to , Michael Keaton 's . Whether you agree with me or not , Batman Begins is destined to be a new beginning for yet another adventurous and exciting Batman franchise , just as long as Joel Schumacher stays away!RecommendedA
 From the colorful and pun-intended show in 1966 to the chillingly brilliant teamup of Bruce Timm and Paul Dini in the early 90 's , Batman has always been something of a challenge when brought from his comic origins to the small or silver screen . `` Batman '' directed by Burton I found all right but lacking in something . The campy version of the Dark Knight on the silver screen almost gave me a headache with its garish tones and bizzare settings . Was n't there a better way to pay tribute to this legendary character of fear and justice that had held the world spellbound since Bob Kane 's creation in 1939 ? Apparantly not . Three films later and with the bad taste of camp in my mouth , I turned off the set watching `` Batman and Robin '' on video . What a shame , I bemoaned myself . My favorite superhero had become as ridiculous as a plastic action figure.When rumors circulated that a new `` more serious '' and `` more realistic '' Batman film was being produced , I was very skeptical . `` Trust me , this one will be different , '' my brother promised me . My loyalty as a die hard Batman fan runs very deep . As I paid for my ticket and got into my seat at the movie theatre in the summer of 2005 , I silently prayed that Bruce Wayne and Batman 's reputation would not be desecrated again.My prayers were answered.What Nolan has done is stripped the film of all ridiculous extravagent loud costumes and bright colors that drowned out the past few movies . He has returned to the basics of WHY Bruce Wayne chose to become Batman and the fans call tell he has done his research . Gone are the green and purples of `` Batman Forever '' . The film is shot at night in a fitting urban setting -LRB- Chicago was chosen -RRB- and cast in black or brown colors giving the film a more `` natural '' feeling . The dialouge is not corny , the atmosphere is majestic and solemn , and the themes of revenge , personal redemption , and triumph over despair are felt down to the bones . The two primary villains are serious , scary , and downright intereseting . The newly-created Dark Knight makes mistakes in his first trials but he refuses to give up in his crusade against crime . THIS is the way to do a Batman movie . `` Batman
 Want a different less comedic Batman ? I have seen them all and I like this new way of looking at how Batman could have started out . This is a serious look at his beginnings and not comedic like the previous version `` Batman '' . The support cast which includes Liam Neeson , Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , Rutger Hauer , and Gary Oldman is excellent . They fill there parts very well . His journey to distant lands as a young man looking for answers to his doubts about himself is a nice touch . The training in marshal arts fits in with his journey to the East . The romance is there but not shallow as in previous versions , and it has an intellectual woman . Good acting , camera work , scenery , special effects , and music make this well worth your time . Do n't pass on this because it was not part of the original series .
 I just watched Batman Begins and all I can say is WOW !!! , this is `` THE '' Batman movie . Its to bad this was n`t the first of the Batman movies . Its well written with lots of action . The first of the movie is a little slow but the rest makes up for it . If your looking for a couple of hours of good entertainment get this movie .
 So I 'm going to start out by ducking at the sucker punch that will inevitably be thrown at me by the Michael Keaton purists . Yes , I thought Christian Bale was a better Batman . In fact , I also thought this script was better than the original . The Dark Knight is DARK . Hollywood missed that boat . They got darn close with the firt movie , but totally lost touch with it from there on . This movie made you feel as if Bruce Wayne was himself a tortured man who fought with his own internal demons to become Batman , not just some glamourous playboy billionaire . Great A-list cast and acting , wonderful effects , and for once true to the Batman roots .
 Excellent film . I actually finished watching this film with family , and instead of us picking another film to finish the day , we all decided to watch this one again . I ca n't think of any other films -LRB- maybe the original Matrix -RRB- , that we would have done that for . Great film .
 As a kid , I read more than a few Batman stories/adventures and agree that Batman is a dark , brooding and ominous figure to be feared by many . That is his magic , so to speak . But this is only a movie ladies and gentle-people ! Rather than burn good brain cells trying to analyze his character/persona , I merely suggest that you purchase the disk and decide for yourself whether the movie is worthy of the praise/disdain heaped upon it by others . I paid money to see it -LRB- and was willing to pay to see it again ! -RRB- . Buy the disk and enjoy it ! I know I do ! Five stars ...
 Christian Bale 's performance adds great depth to the characters of Batman and Bruce Wayne . Cillian Murphy has incredible presence onscreen . Morgan Freeman , Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman , and Michael Caine are impeccale in their roles . My only disappointment was Katie Holmes ' lackluster performance . The movie is very well directed by the talented Mr. Nolan . The storyline is fabulous . Definitely the best Batman movie so far .
 Attention all Bat-novices
 Moody and brooding with a bold soundtrack . These same characteristics are brilliantly reflected in Christian Bale 's portrayal of Bruce Wayne . This version is dark , dark , dark as expected to be.Instructed in the Eastern Martial Arts by a strict mentor , played by Liam Neeson , Bruce Wayne learns to conquer his fear of darkness with zen-like mastery and uses his talents to fight crime and corruption in Gotham City . Over time , Bruce learns that fighting crime entails more than just defeating bad guys and taking revenge . There is a more sinster and familiar threat that is wreaking havoc on Gotham.Katie Holmes was brilliant as Bruce Wayne 's long time yet not quite fulfilled love interest . Both share a passion for fighting injustice , but is there time to lay aside duty for a moment to be with each other?Overall , a very good film with a very real human element . The best Batman version to date .
 With a new cast , a new director and a new Batman movie , things could only go up for this , at the time , crumbling franchise . In 1989 , Tim Burton brought a new face and look to what people remembered Batman as being in the 60s . Sad to say , that new look lasted six years and before you know it , Batman was as campy as ever , and with nipples.Well let me tell you there is no Shark Repellant Spray around the Dark Knight 's belt , as this time he IS the Dark Knight . Batman is as scary and ruthless as ever , to the point where I expected Michael Keaton to be under that mask.Batman Begins has one of the best ensemble casts in comic book movie history , with Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman -LRB- the bad guy from Air Force One for the kids who do n't know -RRB- and Morgan Freeman amongst others . They all deliver great performances , and made me wonder , what has Chris O'Donnell and Alicia Silverstone done lately?What made this movie so satisfying to me was how much time Batman/Bruce Wayne 's background was explained . From Wayne 's training to the creation of the Batcave and Batsuit , his almost entire history is explained , something 5 other movies and a handful of TV series forgot to mention.Overall , this movie was very well done , and I applaud the filmmakers for daunting a hard task ; make a Batman movie , and make it GOOD ! And they did just that and more . The villains are as evil as Gotham City 's worst , and they are involved in some scenes that should I say are ... scary ? All that I can say is that I eagerly await a possible sequel , but with all the fans this movie has , it would be hard not to make one .
 Before this movie , Batman had never really been accurately portrayed on the silver screen . But , now he has ... This IS the definitive Batman film . Not only is it a great superhero/action film - it is a wonderful film in general.Batman Begins is a reboot for the Batman movie franchise ; it is in no way linked to the previous 4 movies in any way -LRB- and thankfully , in my opinion -RRB- . It is an origin story of one of America 's most popular characters and it delves into the character of the Dark Knight in ways that have not been seen on the silver screen before.We `` begin '' with a young Bruce Wayne and get a feel for the wonderful , loving childhood he had until his parents were tragically murdered in front of his own eyes by a bum on the streets of Gotham . We then follow a grown up Bruce all around the world as he learns what it is like to live without a home or money and as he seeks the means to fighting injustice some time after the death of his parents . We learn why it is that he chooses to become a man dressed like a giant bat and how he acquires the weapons and technology needed to fight the criminals of Gotham and to restore peace to his beloved city . Even the functionality of every part of the suit from the cape to the ears on the cowl is explained . That 's just a glimpse of the attention to detail that this movie takes into allowing us to know this character.Also , we really get to know Bruce Wayne in Begins . He really has such a great character arc and we really feel for the character long before he ever dons the cape and cowl . Bruce Wayne/Batman is clearly the central character in this movie , which the previous live-action films failed to accomplish.The cast in the film is superb . Christian Bale does an incredible job as Bruce Wayne and Batman . As many know , these are really two different parts because Bruce Wayne is really the fake , public persona wheras Batman is when Bruce Wayne shows his true identity . They finally touch on this , and it is done beautifully . Also , Gary Oldman is wonderful as Lt. Jim Gordon - and thankfully this character is done in such an awesome fashion . He is Batman 's only friend and a great cop on a terribly corrupt police force in this movie , the way the character was meant to be . Michael Caine really shines as Alfred and the character is portrayed wonderfully . Liam Neeson is spectacular -LRB- as always -RRB- as Henri Ducard , Bruce Wayne 's mentor . Cillian Murphy is wonderfully twisted and creepy as the Scarecrow without being over the top whatsoever . And Morgan Freeman 's performance is great -LRB- as always -RRB- in the few memorable scenes he is in . Katie Holmes also really gives a great performance as Bruce 's lifetime friend and Gotham Assistant DA.As far as the plot goes - it is fantastic . You are really drawn into this movie for its entirety . Christopher Nolan and David Goyer wrote a great script with an incredibly touching and suspensful plot . Nolan also directed flawlessly . The action scenes are really incredible as well , and all of the action is necessary to the plot and extremely well edited.One of the most wonderful things about this movie is the realism that is consistent throughout the movie . Gone are the ridiculous neon lights of Schumacher 's movies and the extreme Gothic tone of Burton 's . You really feel that Batman could exist in this Gotham City - even so much that this movie does n't feel like a `` superhero '' movie . It really goes above and beyond the genre to create a very realistic movie that all audiences can thoroughly enjoy and appreciate at the same time . It may be a little bit on the scary side for younger kids - but there is hardly any objectional content in this movie otherwise -LRB- which I greatly appreciate -RRB- . This movie is a MUST SEE , in my opinion , and a MUST OWN for anyone who likes having great movies to watch any time . Check this one out . It is an extremely fine film , and one of my favorites that I have ever seen .
 Just when you thought you could n't stand even one more movie based on a comic book superhero , along comes `` Batman Begins '' to redeem your faith in the genre.This film serves the same function for the previous `` Batman '' movies that the `` Star Wars '' prequels do for the original `` Star Wars . '' In this film , we learn how it is that a shy , sensitive young lad named Bruce Wayne grows up to become a crime-fighting superhero known as Batman , replete with flying cape , mask and a heavily armored vehicle called the batmobile . We learn what it is that causes him to dedicate his life to eradicating evil and righting wrongs in the fictional enclave of Gotham City . I do n't want to give away any of the major plot points , but suffice it to say that it involves a childhood tragedy , a desire for revenge , and the love of a morally pure young woman who sets him straight at a key moment in the story . `` Batman Begins '' succeeds primarily because it paints its central figure in realistic , believable terms . It takes us step by step through the process by which Wayne transforms himself into Batman , not just in terms of the physical accoutrements that go into making up his superhero persona but the psychological development he must undergo before he can fully take on the superhero mantle . Thus , `` Batman Begins '' works on the dual level of an action/adventure picture and a human drama . `` Batman Begins '' boasts fine art direction and special effects , exciting action sequences and first-rate performances by Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Katie Holmes , Morgan Freeman , and -LRB- a distressingly emaciated -RRB- Liam Neeson.This is the best `` Batman '' movie to hit the big screen yet .
 As a lifelong Batman fan , I tend to be very critical of any attempts at filmed adaptations of the character . In the case of Batman Begins , there is little to criticize , which coming from me is high praise.Here we see Gotham City as a quasi-realistic urban jungle in which organized crime has taken over . Having suffered a ` Depression , ' Gotham has never recovered . Most of the police force is under the influence of mob boss Carmine Falcone , played with gusto by Tom Hutchison . Bruce , Alfred , Gordon , and few others believe that there is hope . Batman emerges as that hope in the second act of the film . We see him as human , which is crucial in relating to the character . He makes mistakes . His ` toys ' are explained very nicely . And at the end of the film we want to see him continue . Speaking of which , wait for the excellent sequel set-up . The story matches the tone of several comic book stories of the last 19 or so years , most notably the work of Frank Miller . Here we see Christian Bale as a very focused , obsessed , determined Bruce Wayne , who blossoms into the weird and scary Batman . It is Bale who really makes this movie work . He fleshes out the many aspects of Bruce Wayne
 Forget the previous movies , save for Michelle Pheiffer as Catwoman . Clear your mind and see this film fresh . Christian Bale , whom I never liked before , is Batman . He is the best . Everyone -LRB- except Katie Holmes -RRB- excels in this movie and it is very fun . I recommend this to see in the theater . After The Island , it is my number two theater pick of the summer .
 Having grown up on Batman -LRB- 89 -RRB- and its sequels , this sudden retelling of the Batman saga took me by surprise . Did this imply viewers to forget the first four movies , that this was THE definitive Batman story ? Or was this an alternate reality separate from the previous movies.What separates this from the previous Batman canon is that it explores the why 's and when 's of Bruce Wayne as a child , something that was gone over superficially in the 1989 Batman . We see Wayne falling down a well and terrified by a cloud of bats that fly at him . Then there 's the oft-told tale of how his parents were gunned down by a criminal . And the big payoff is of course , whence came Batman?His jiujistu and ninja training by the mysterious Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- of the League of Shadows , a group dedicated to a vigilante-style justice , explains how he not only hones his skills , but also how he confronts his fear . And he decides to put fear unto baddies by the very thing he feared most . But the Legion is more a crusader for justice in an extreme way . Using Rome and Constantinople as examples , the Legion have been behind-the-scene catalysts for change in decadent empires , paving the way for the Germanic peoples and Ottoman Turks respectively . It 's Gotham 's turn , reminding me of the words of Jack Nicholson 's Joker , `` this town needs an enema . '' Yet despite his brooding and anger , Wayne still believes in the justice system , which sets him at odds against Ducard.Back in Gotham , Wayne is welcomed back to Wayne Industries , led by corporate shark Earle -LRB- Rutger Hauer -RRB- , where he befriends Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , head of the high-tech division , which translates to exile from the board room so he ca n't cause trouble . Seems that his division has a lot of stuff the military did n't want to use , such as certain bulletproof body armour , grapple hook , a lightweight parachute-like fabric , and a humvee-type vehicle originally for bridge purposes . Wayne 's deadpan question
 What can I say that has n't been said already ? I can say `` WOW '' , but does it carry the same emotion that everyone else speaks about ? I do n't know , but for me , this was the best summer blockbuster that I have seen in 2005 . Christopher Nolan has done his homework , stayed true to dark , graphic stories that follow this hero , and set in place a cast that equally carry the weight of this film on their shoulders . I remember saying to a friend that the reason this film worked was because of the cast . In previous Batman films , we struggled between the over-acting of some , the celebrity status of others , and some that were just plain goofy , but now Nolan has given us a cast that carries this film into a whole new ballgame . They want to be there , they want to embody their characters , they want to give birth to this Dark Knight , and they do . When I first heard about this film being in the pipeline , I was concerned about Christian Bale taking on such a role that has been demolished by the heavy-hitters of Hollywood . Could he do it ? I had faith in him , but did everyone else ? Apparently they did , because he is the most powerful representation of this tortured figure ever to come out of comic book Hollywood . I applaud his work , appreciated his toned down approach , and can not wait for him to come back and prove that he is this winged freak.Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman , Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , Rutger Hauer , Tom Wilkinson , the AMAZING Cillian Murphy , Linus Roache , and Ken Watanabe . With names like this you know that you are walking into greatness . I was worried at first about Caine as Alfred , but with the greatest of ease he turned what could have been the comic character of the film into this powerful voice of Wayne 's conscious . It was incredible.While I give so much credit to the actors , I need to equally pay respect to Christopher Nolan . Not since Sin City did I feel like I was watching a graphic novel , a comic , come alive on screen . His ability to frame each shot like a moment in the books , create these breathing characters that you can actually believe exist , as well as tell a story that has been corrupted by the Hollywood recycling machine takes talent and Nolan did it . I have been a huge fan of everything that Nolan has touched . I used to give Memento out for free at the video store just so people could experience the magic that he has . I was a fan of Insomnia and even Followers . I get excited to see his work because it changes with each picture . You never know what you are going to get when you watch a Nolan film , but you can guess that it will be dark and come from his heart . I saw it in his earlier films and it shined brightly in Batman Begins.If I had to say anything negative about the film -LRB- which is hard to do -RRB- there would be two aspects that I would mention . The first is Katie Holmes . I just did n't like her character . She was underdefined and basically eye-candy for the younger Dawson 's Creek audience members . She was worthless , perhaps it was the Tom Cruise media mud-bath that seems to have ruined our newspapers these days , but she just felt plain to me . She did n't make the cut . Then , there were times where you could tell that Bale was really forcing a grumbly American accent . Nothing too wrong with this , but it just felt forced . These were minor insecurities that I had with this overall brilliant film.Outstanding . Perhaps that is a better word for it . I could see this film again and again . From the opening frame to the final moments of battle I was pulled from my theater seat directly into the film . No other Batman film has done that for me . I remember falling in love with Keaton as the Dark Knight , but I think Bale even gave him a run for his money . Nolan created the perfect tone and story for our disturbed hero . He took the goofy elements from Burton , erased Kilmer/Clooney , and brought us back to our roots . This film was perfection on a stick.Grade
 Back in 1989 , I was extremely excited about the release of Tim Burton 's BATMAN . And when I finally got to see the film , I remember sitting back in my seat , enjoying the moment ... the moment when I finally got to see my favorite comic-book character on the big screen.So after several viewings , I talked about how much I enjoyed it and thought it was great . Unfortunately I was n't being totally honest with myself . While I did enjoy the `` moment '' , I did n't necessarily enjoy the film.The bat costume was rigid . Gotham City looked fake . Commissioner Gordon was a joke . Bruce gets Vicky Vale drunk and sleeps with her on the first date . The Joker kills Wayne 's parents , creating this bizarre you-made-me/no-you-made - me dynamic -LRB- and to clear up some confusion for a couple of reviewers here
 Being one of the highly anticipated movies of 2005 , I just had to go see this movie when it released . Even though I heard it was different compared to the previous Batman movies , this intrigued me more . After watching ` Batman Begins ' I can easily say that this was like a breath of fresh air from the previous movies.Since there are so many reviews describing the story of the movie , I will keep this one short . ` Batman Begins ' starts off with 8 year old Bruce , playing with his friend Rachel in his Mansion . He falls into a ditch and is attacked by a lot of bats , hence starting his fears of them . The story follows as to how he loses his parents , how he is arrested , saved , and how he becomes the caped crusader to defend the citizens of Gotham . Of course , during all this , also includes his relationship with Rachel , overcoming his fears and learning the difference between justice and revenge.There are many reasons as to why I loved this movie . They are :1 -RRB- The dark and mysterious atmosphere that the story takes place in . This gives a very serious look to the movie , making it what Batman is actually supposed to be about .2 -RRB- The way in which the movie fits all the pieces , like how the villains come to take their identities , how Batman came to be , how the Bat Cave , Bat mobile , and other equipment were created etc. . It has all been so nicely incorporated into the movie , that you will find yourself going ` Ok , so that 's how it started ' . I 'm sure that fans of the comics will already know the whole history behind Batman , but for some people like me , it is a roller coaster ride of suspense and surprises .3 -RRB- Finally , how Christopher Nolan managed to balance the emotional scenes to the crime fighting scenes throughout the movie . You do n't feel the movie dragging for even a minute because it keeps you interested throughout.Christopher Nolan -LRB- who directed other great movies like ` Insomnia ' and ` Mememto ' -RRB- continues showing his talent in ` Batman Begins ' . Christian Bale gives a wonderful performance as Batman , the dark knight . Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , Katie Holmes , and Gary Oldman play their role well . I was actually surprised by how Katie Holmes has matured in his acting abilities . I have seen her act only on ` Dawson 's Creek ' and did n't think she could pull this roll off , but she proved me wrong.On the whole , whether you are a fan of Batman or not , you will definitely enjoy this movie .
 With the release of `` Batman Begins '' , the bar has been raised to new heights in terms of superhero movies . Though once thought of as lame and corny , superhero movies like this one show that they can be moving and thoughtful films . Not only is `` Batman Begins '' a physically beautiful film , there are some excellent performances and a well spun plot with enough twists , turns , and action sequences to keep you on the edge of your seat throughout the whole movie.Christian Bale is outstanding as Bruce Wayne , a young heir who swears vengeance on the criminals of Gotham City after his parents are brutally murdered by a thug . Bruce travels the world as a small-time criminal , looking to get back at `` those who prey on the fearful '' , before he is invited to join the League of Shadows , led by the notorious Ra 's Al-Ghul . However , when the League gives him a mission he can not bring himself to complete after his training , he returns to Gotham City in an attempt to save it from criminals and corruption . He receives great resistance along the way , especially from Dr. Jonathan Crane , aka The Scarecrow , played a deliciously villainous Cillian Murphy . As Batman unravels The Scarecrow 's plot , he is determined to do all he can to stop him . `` Batman Begins '' brings a kind of emotional tension not normally seen in superhero movies . Christian Bale does a great job channeling Bruce Wayne 's soul , layered with anger and guilt about the death of his parents . He is so into acheiving justice that , surprisingly enough for a superhero flick , he completely ignores the girl -LRB- Rachel Dawes played by Katie Holmes -RRB- until the end of the movie . In this and other ways , `` Batman Begins '' soars to new heights and proves that superhero movies do not have to be cheesy and over the top , but can prove to be excellent movies that rival any of the great ones of 2005 .
 I heard it once before I went to see the movie . `` Once you see this one , the others will not exist ... '' It 's true.The best part about any of the first movies to me is the fact that Jack Nicholson played the Joker . Beyond that , those first movies can not hold a candle to this film.Dark , cynical , brutal , wicked ... All describe this version of the story . The way Batman was originally intended . Christian Bale does an great job of portraying this character . This movie actually shows us Bruce 's transformation and hardcore training he goes through in order to become the superhero we all know and love.I got to see it on IMAX too . Outstanding !!!
 Better than the previous four live-action Batman theatrical releases put together - by far - this is the Batman movie we never thought we 'd see . THIS is the Batman and the Batman mythos of the comic books , and while it 's not dead-on in every aspect , it does n't have to be . The heart and soul and feel of the books are here at last ; for the first time a Batman that actually Is Batman in more than name and appearance is present -LRB- the previous closest was the Batman of the 90s animated series and the animated `` Batman
 After four tries it seems they finally came up with a Batman to remember . Christian Bale not only cuts a fine figure but gives the role the gravity it deserves , providing the much needed raison d'etre for the Dark Knight . Unfortunately , the plot was a bit far-fetched and not very well resolved . Christopher Nolan put together an excellent supporting cast with Michael Caine giving Alfred a nice comic touch and Gary Oldman as a young Detective Gordon . But , it is the extra touches which really make this movie , like Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox , who helps Batman come up with the armor and gadgets he needs to take on the underworld of Gotham . I also thought Cillian Murphy did a great job as Dr. Jonathon Crane , the genesis for the Joker . However , I was n't particularly smitten by Katie Holmes and Mark Boone Junior turned Flass into a joke , whereas he was a much darker and more sinister character in Frank Miller 's Batman
 Ha ! I am the 1500th review of this movie ! Me
 Seldom do you come across a script as flawless as this . The Dark Knight has received more praise than this film , and it is totally undeserved . There are only a few films out there that are written and directed as well as Batman Begins .
 The BATMAN FRANCHISE had fallen ! Joel Schumacher I will never forgive you for BAT-NIPPLES ! So why do we fall ? The BATMAN FRANCHISE picks itself up with vengeance ! The movie is awesome and the best BATMAN ever put on film ! You will learn the origins of Batman better than ever before . For the comic purists some liberties are taken but do n't you want to be a little surprised when you go to a movie ? A great job by all and Christian Bale was the perfect choice ! A must see movie.NOW MY BLU-RAY THOUGHTS
 I think this is the best Batman ever !!! even better than the Dark Knight . Blue Ray video actually improves quality of viewingover standard dvd !!!!! fast shipment thank you Amazon !!!
 ... plausible , is at least persuasive as a man driven to dress like a bat and become a vigilante . The movie does n't simply supply Batman 's beginnings in the tradition of a comic book origin story , but explores the tortured path that led Bruce Wayne from a parentless childhood to a friendless adult existence . The movie is not realistic , because how could it be , but it acts as if it is.Opening in a prison camp in an unnamed nation , `` Batman Begins '' shows Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- enduring brutal treatment as a prisoner , as part of his research into the nature of evil . He is rescued by the mysterious Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who appoints himself Wayne 's mentor , teaches him sword-fighting and mind control , and tries to enlist him in his amoral League of Shadows -LRB- `` We burned London to the ground '' -RRB- . When Wayne refuses to kill someone as a membership requirement , Ducard becomes his enemy ; the reclusive millionaire returns to Gotham City determined to fight evil , without realizing quite how much trouble he is in.The story of why he identifies with bats -LRB- childhood trauma -RRB- and hates evildoers -LRB- he saw his parents killed by a mugger -RRB- has been referred to many times in the various incarnations of the Batman legend , including four previous films . This time , it is given weight and depth . Wayne discovers in Gotham that the family Wayne Corp. is run by a venal corporate monster -LRB- Rutger Hauer -RRB- , but that in its depths labors the almost forgotten scientific genius Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , who understands Wayne wants to fight crime and offers him the weaponry.Lucius happens to have on hand a prototype Batmobile , which unlike the streamlined models in the earlier movies , is a big , unlovely juggernaut that looks like a Humvee 's wet dream . He also devises a bat-cape with surprising properties.These preparations , Gotham crime details and the counsel of the faithful servant Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- delay the actual appearance of Batman until the second act of the movie . We do n't mind . Unlike the earlier films , which delighted in extravagant special-effects action , `` Batman Begins '' is shrouded in shadow ; instead of high-detail , sharp-edged special effects , we get obscure developments in fog and smoke , reinforced by a superb sound-effects design . And Wayne himself is a slow learner , clumsy at times , taking foolish chances , inventing Batman as he goes along.This is at last the Batman movie I 've been waiting for . The character resonates more deeply with me than the other comic superheroes , perhaps because when I discovered him as a child , he seemed darker and more grown-up than the cheerful Superman . He has secrets . As Alfred muses
 I have to qualify this review with the following disclaimer ... I never followed the comic book series or cartoons as a kid or teen . I 'm just an adult female who LOVES movies , especially superhero flicks . Now , with that said , I have never been a fan of the Batman franchise . I found the earlier Batman films , despite their all-star credibilities , be `` over the top '' in every deparment -LRB- set , acting , dialogue -RRB- . As a fan of Christian Bale , however , I was anxious to see the Batman Begins installment . Bale is an amazing actor , even in his younger days with Empire of the Sun to much later with American Psycho or a little more recently with The Mechanic . This was the finest of all the Batman films - darker and with more depth . It was good enough for this non-Batman fan to purchase for my home collection .
 Such a great reboot ! Looks excellent on BluRay ! Well worth the price of admission ! Do not miss out ! Pick it up today !
 Having a great foundation stemming from the awesome film that embodies the core of this limited edition set , there is just so much to enjoy . Tack on the `` all HD '' behind-the-scenes footage , and it 's a very hard limited edition set to pass up .
 The popular consensus , even by non-Batman fans is that this movie is great . The movie is brilliant and speaks for itself .
 granted , The Dark Knight had better PQ.Played on a Panasonic DMP-BD80 through a Yamaha RX-V683 and an HDMI splitter/amp to a Panasonic 50 '' plasma.The anniversary edition was offered at one point on a $ 15 special through Amazon The extras are nice , but the movie is great , the PQ/AQ I thought was better than what the AVS blu-ray tier forum had rated it . One extra
 This is how I was rewarded for waiting . I 'd been itching to buy Batman Begins on DVD ever since it came out but 1 -RRB- I was broke at the time and 2 -RRB- I prayed that there would be a special release for it.Well , they did n't disappoint.This Batman Begins release comes in a very case that has a holographic cover . It comes with a USB drive -LRB- small memory though -RRB- , a CD that contains teaser material for The Dark Knight , `` movie cash '' to see The Dark Knight -LRB- though it 's probably long expired for those who want to purchase it now -RRB- , along with several postcards.If bonus goodies is n't what you 're looking for -LRB- really ?! -RRB- , then you 'll be pleased just with the 2-disc release . It is really loaded with extras , presented in a comic-book-form menu . I actually did not fall asleep during these extras ; they were very fun to watch , with commentary from the cast and crew.Don ' t know what else to say except ... if you 're still looking to buy this amazing reboot of the Batman franchise , do n't let this one slip through your fingers !!
 This was my first blu-ray and it certainly started off my new PS3 with a bang ! The High Definition quality is outstanding and it really proved to me the power of my HD-TV . As for the Disk as a Blu-ray its awesome.The movie by itself is groundbreaking for the Batman series . This reboot really saved the falling franchise after Schumacher . The combination of David Goyer and Chris Nolan writing the film really serves the most justice . The story is so original and fresh compared to the previous films . The acting comes at a close second . The all-star cast really pulls through and delivers real mortal lives . Christian Bale is a fantastic Batman and Michael Caine makes an even better Alfred . Our villains are well rounded but I wanted to see more of Scarecrow . I thought the idea was great to have him in this film and I was kinda longing for more . However , the film is a blast and any normal human being should find some enjoyment out of it.The special features are pretty interesting . The behind the scenes clips are fun , and the In-movie commentary is cool enough . Pretty much has your basic special features.If you own a Blu-ray player you got ta pick up this flick . No collection will be complete without it .
 I have doubts this movie -LRB- or its sequels -RRB- fit in with Warner Brother 's previous Batman series of movies -LRB- though there are some similarities -RRB- . I also doubt it fits in with the TV series -LRB- which has far fewer similarities -RRB- . If there is a weak link , it is the time spent on the origins development . The comic books give the impression that Bruce Wayne trained after his parents ' murder getting physically prepared for his role as Batman . The TV series did n't deal with the subject at all and the movie series barely touched on it . -LRB- The excellent animated series did deal with the subject to a small extent . -RRB- This movie dealt more with it , with some similarities to the Matrix in the process.I will admit I had to adjust to Michael Caine in the role of Alfred . Of course Caine did a great job with the role -- we 're talking about Michael Caine , after all -- but looks wise he did not fit my image of the role . Christian Bale did as good as anybody as Bruce Wayne , though Michael Keaton was my favorite Bruce Wayne.One major difference is the description of Chill , who orphaned Bruce Wayne . This movie made him believable as a thug , and not as cold-blooded as the comic book crook or the pre-Joker Jack Napier of the previous series -LRB- both of which contemplated killing the boy , which Chill did not -RRB- . I wo n't touch any more of the story to keep from spoiling it any further.The one interesting thing was that it showed Jim Gordon in his pre-commissioner days . It developed the relationship between Gordon and Batman that was basically ignored in the previous movie series and taken for granted in the TV series . Another interesting thing was the insertion of the comic book/animated series villain Scarecrow as a minor villain.In short , the acting was great -- in addition to Caine there are great performances by Liam Neeson -LRB- who I did n't recognize -RRB- , Rutger Hauer , and Morgan Freeman . The action started slow but ended up on pace . The special effects were more spectacular than in the previous movies . I probably would not take children nine or under -LRB- an arbitrary age -RRB- to see it , and would accompany any minor before seeing it . To me , though , there seemed to be less sex than in the previous series , which was a plus to me.This ended with a minor cliff-hanger -LRB- the introduction of the Joker , another sign of independence from the previous movie series -RRB- , enough to whet a person 's appetite for `` The Dark Knight '' , but not enough to keep them from sleep .
 Batman Begins scored very well earning five full stars in my book . This film can almost be guaranteed not to disappoint . It portrayed for the first time on the big screen the origins of the bat providing a good story and script , fine performances , excellent costumes , great sets coordinated with corresponding miniatures and CGI . The well presented martial arts sequences between the Bat and our favorite Jedi Master were thrilling.The Blu Ray transfer from film to DVD was excellent and hours of additional features on the making of the film and its outstanding special effects are included on this reasonably priced DVD . This film is a must buy for fans of Batman.This may have been the first time that picture real computer images were produced by mapping actual city photos onto wire frame models of Gotham City with breathtaking results . I had no idea how they achieved these images until I watched the interesting and informative documentary on the making of the film.This film also portrayed many of Batman 's toys under development in the Bat Cave , including the most credible looking Bat mobile ever shown on the big screen .
 One of the best Batman movie of all time . The story line is great , the fight are amazing and Batman B. is more realistic than the others that were made before . Nothing to do with the one with Georges Clooney or Val Kilmer . Go get it .
 This was an excellent , must see movie for all you Dark Knight fans . The storyline answers so many questions about Batman 's origins and the ghosts that drive him toward redemption . Liam Neeson and Christian Bale know how to mesmerize an audience.And what would Batman be without Michael Caine .
 There was a time in the early 2000s that a slew of comic book adaptations were made . Catwoman , Steel , DareDevil and countless others were released that gave superhero movies a bad name . Then Christopher Nolan made Batman Begins and it showed the world what a quality adaptation should be . Back to basics , stripping out the fluff from the mythology , and making it all about one tormented man and his desire to protect the vulnerable from the worst examples of a city 's most evil . As the title suggest the first half of the movie is Batman 's origin story . This is a movie that has Batman grounded in the real world . No quips , no funny lines . Just a man on a mission . Brilliant .
 good film . absorbing . Bale and Holmes have good on screen chemistry . Christopher Nolan nailed it . As a fan of comics , this is what I imagine it to be .
 Batman Begins is a great action movie for adults , teens and older pre-teens . Although do n't mistake Batman Begins to be like the kid friendly Spiderman Trilogy . Batman Begins is a lot more aggressive and harsh . It also has a much more detailed plot that could possibly confuse younger viewers . For parents who want to know what it has in terms of violence , it includes martial arts , a hallucinogenic drug that causes to a person who has been exposed to it to think everything is terrifying . People are shone drinking wine at a party , although nobody gets drunk . A few curse words including H * ll , D ** n , and A ** . A flash back to a scene where a mugger murders Batman 's parents -LRB- Not bloody , just two gunshots -RRB- . No highly romantic material , just one very brief kiss . I know you 're wondering if it 's even worth watching . I assure you it is . It has lot of compelling fight scenes that have you at the tip of your seat wondering what will happen next . The plot is good and is the classic good vs. evil though detailed and not boring . All together Batman Begins is a great movie full of conflict , action , adventure and a entertaining plot . I highly recommend it for adults , teens , and mature pre-teens .
 Batman Begins was a great movie . I watched it recently again , because it had been awhile since I had seen it . Wanted to refresh myself for the newer Batman series in theaters .
 Batman . I 'm no movie critic nor am i a comic aficionado but in my opinion this is a fantastic movie .
 When a mugging goes wrong and his parents are killed , young Bruce Wayne learns the hard way about criminals and their ways . Heir to a great fortune , Bruce uses his wealth and company resources to fight crime . A terrifying childhood experience with bats leads him to become The Batman -- scourge of criminals in Gotham City . This movie takes the viewer through the formation of the Caped Crusader , his friendship with the man who would become Commissioner Gordon , and Bruce 's struggles to keep his secret life and his public life separate . Looked on by some as a menace , Batman continues to fight crime in his unorthodox way . Captivating movie ! Christian Bale does an wonderful job as Batman/Bruce Wayne . We see the man behind the hero . I also especially love Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox , Bruce 's chief developer of technological marvels . This movie is full of action . It makes you believe in The Batman .
 Thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie . Very well done . I would highly recommend it to anyone . Looking forward to `` rise of the dark knight ''
 I felt that this movie depicted the Dark Knight as he should have been in previous attempts . I thoroughly enjoyed the movie and will probably watch it several more times .
 One can not fault the cinematography in this film , it 's a work of art . And they got the atmosphere right , and added some emotional depth to Batman 's backstory . But
 Well done . Holds the interest of those who could care less about `` Batman '' . We could use more of this .
 The best super hero movie of all time.Better than all of the superhero movies combined.Watch this and conquer your fears .
 Am I the only person who thinks Gary Oldman -LRB- Commissioner Gordon -RRB- looks just like Ned Flanders in this movie ?
 This movie will most likely be good . There is one bad part though . The batmobile completely sucks . It looks like a pimped up range rover . I think any of the old ones are better than this . The movie does have two really good villians though , Ras Ah Gauhl played by Ken Wantanbe and The Scarecrow played by Cillian Murphy . THe story is about Bruce Wayne played by Christian Bale becoming Batman . When he returns to Gotham it is corrupt and the Scarecrow is terrorizing the city . Bruce went on a trip and Ras offered him to join him . Bruce learned what Ras ' plans were and declined . He went back to Gotham and then startedd to become Batman with the help of Lucious Fox played by Morgan Freeman .
 This a great `` Batman '' movie . Christian Bale 's acting rivals Michael Keaton . And Liam `` Qui-Gon Jinn '' Neeson , Michael Caine , Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman did great too . I ca n't wait for the sequel , `` The Dark Knight -LRB- 2008 -RRB- '' . If you asked me my list of Batman movies , it would be : `` Batman Begins '' - A great movie `` Batman Forever '' - Very good `` Batman -LRB- 1966 -RRB- '' - If your in the mood for comedy , a great movie `` Batman Returns '' - An OK movie `` Batman -LRB- 1989 -RRB- '' - Another OK movie `` Batman & Robin '' - Never saw it , never will.Bottom Line
 I got this blu ray and it was perfect and there was no blemishes on the disk or packaging . i was very happy witht he quality
 `` What the hell are you !? '' . `` I 'm Batman . `` Batman Begins is the reboot of the Batman movie franchise . The film brings the decades of comics into reality , showing the famous Gotham City with a dark atmosphere , a twisted place where life thrives . The film may linger between action sequences but it provides a slow , understanding of Wayne 's struggle dealing with his parent 's death , fighting for his city and the innocent people that are trapped in by evil , tying it together with a brilliant cast and strong feel of realism.Liam Neeson serves well as Wayne 's mentor and equal in terms of intelligence , teaching him the skills he 'll use which will strongly influence himself as Batman . Christian Bale plays Bruce Wayne in as much onscreen time as the Dark Knight himself , something previous films lacked , making the Wayne character real & emotional , showing Wayne must perform as an egotistic , selfish , spoiled rich individual to space himself from the crime fighter.Alfred provides a great supporting role as more than a butler , portrayed as a close family friend , with comedic one lines . Michael Caine brings certain elegance to the role , provided great heat in whatever scene he appears . Jim Gordon , like Alfred , has an expanded role in this reboot . Gary Oldman , know normally showcasing villains , shows struggles as a good cop in a department of corruption . Cillian Murphy finally brings the Scarecrow to life , doubling as the scary villain & controlling Dr. Crane of the famous Arkham Asylum.Christopher Nolan directs , showcasing Gotham as dark metropolis , a large city that struggles for survival with or without the aid of a hero . David S. Goyer pens a good origin story , incorporating people , places and things from the comic source material while letting the audience get attached to the characters.The Blu-Ray shows a nice clear picture of the dark Gotham , providing clear audio for dialogue and classical set soundtrack . Extras are plentiful but basic , mainly contains features of making scenes and costumes . The disc itself loads the movie right away ; other features must be accessed through the popup menu . Unlike Batman media of the past Begins brings all the comic goodness into reality , making a smart , enjoyable movie for Batman fans and non fans alike.Last Words
 Awesome transfer to a great movie . Definitely worth the DVD to Blu upgrade . The picture and sound has never looked so good .
 I am in no way a Christopher Nolan fan , nor did I have any interest in this film when it was first released . However , after several accolades from consumers such as yourselves , I have decided to view this film with an open mind . `` Spectacular '' is the only word that comes to mind . I bet the entire Amazon universe and the world alike knows the plot of this film so I will not reiterate it.I received a cardboard slip case that is displayed on Amazon.com 's stock photo . Inside , you will also get a nice comic book that is an interesting read for avid Batman fans and newcomers . This two-disc DVD set does not disappoint at all . The feature film is sharp , detailed , and full of flavor even though it is standard DVD quality and not the up-and-dominating Blu-Ray quality . The included special features disc is another unique view in Christopher Nolan 's Batman universe and complements the feature film well.You wo n't be disappointed in purchasing this set as long as you keep an open mind and see what Christopher Nolan 's Batman interpretation is all about
 Even if you never liked Batman before , you should see this movie . They extras in the box are that good , so you might as well save a little money and get the regular version .
 I recently decided to start increasing the size of my blu-ray collection , by mainly getting some of my favorite movies . Batman Begins is by far one of my favorite movies and an amazing retelling of the Batman legend . Amazon definitely had the best price for the combo you get in the deal . For $ 7.99 you 're not only getting the blu-ray , but you are also getting an on demand rental from Amazon . I have not used the rental yet , but saw it pop in on the Roku box . Movie came in just a few days and the quality could not have been better.Pros : - You get the blu-ray and a rental , so you can watch right away - You ca n't beat the price , unless you get it used somewhere - It 's Batman and it 's awesomeCons : - NoneOverall great movie and great price . Well done Amazon .
 Since his first appearence in Detective Comics # 27 in May 1939 , the Batman has appeared in countless comics , live action and animated T.V shows , feature films , toys , and video games . The Batman has become a fixture of modern pop culture to such a degree that even those individuals that have never read an issue of the comic book know the story of how as a child Bruce Wayne witnessed the death of his parents , an event the inspired him to use his family fortune to become a vigilante as an adult.After four feature films from Directors Tim Burton and Joel Schumacher from 1989 to 1997 , that ran from the darkly gothic to the flamboyantly ridiculous , studio Warner Brothers decided to reboot the franchise with a film grounded in reality . Director Christoper Nolan 's 2005 film Batman Begins explores how the childhood trama that Bruce Wayne suffers drives his obsession to fight fear and injustice . The film begins with Bruce Wayne -LRB- played by Christian Bale -RRB- locked away in a prison in South Asia . Through flashbacks we see the death of Wayne 's parents and his resulting desire to learn about the criminal underworld so that he may learn to fight it . Lost on his quest , Wayne is recruited by Henri Ducard -LRB- played by Liam Neeson -RRB- , a member of the League of Shadows - an organization who seeks to fight injustice . Ducard becomes a mentor to Wayne and provides the inspiration for Wayne to return to his home town of Gotham City -LRB- a fictional protrayal of New York -RRB- and become the Batman.Wayne uses the resources of his family company , Wayne Enterprises , to secure his suit , gadgets , and Batmobile that he is known for . The film strives to be as realistic as possible with the development of the Batman 's tools . It 's nearly an hour into the film before we even get to see Wayne as Batman , but the journey to that point is so interesting that it feels extremely rewarding when we get to it . There is a slew of characters , all protrayed excellently by a great cast . Other than Bale and Neeson , Wayne 's Butler and childhood guardian Alfred is played perfectly by Michael Caine . Morgan Freeman plays Lucius Fox - an executive at Wayne Enterprises that assists Wayne with his gadgets . Gary Oldman is superb as Sgt. James Gordon , seemingly the only honest cop in a truely corrupt city . Cillian Murphy is Jonathan Crane , the Scarcrow , a psychopharmacologist who works at Arkham Asylum and is working with Crime Boss Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- to bring fear-inducing toxins into Gotham . Actress Katie Holmes is Wayne 's childhood friend/love interest and Gotham City assistant district attorney.The sound and video presentation on this Blu-Ray are excellent given that this release is several years old now . The menus look outdated , but there is a good quantity of special features on this disc . In addition to a picture in picture commentary track , there are several short featurettes ranging from 10 to 15 mins showing the various elements of the making of the film . Also , there is a short preview for the film 's sequel , The Dark Knight.Overall , Batman Begins is a insightful look at the motivations of one of comic book 's most interesting characters . At the time of the release of this film , I felt it was the best movie based on a comic book that I had seen . So far I believe only it 's sequel , The Dark Knight , has surpassed it in terms of quality . It 's relatively easy to find it for less than $ 10 , so I recommend a buy price at $ 10 or less . At the time of the writing of this review the film is also available on Amazon Video on Demand for $ 4.99 .
 First of all , `` Batman Begins '' is one of my all-time favorite movies . But I am not planning to review the movie itself since you can find it in Imdb or many other places.It comes in a nice slim box and a packaging which is pretty straightforward to open . There is only disc which contains the movie + all the extras . I have n't watched the extras yet , so ca n't comment on that . Will update my review once I do . I would give 5/5 to both audio and video quality of the movie itself and I absolutely love it every time I watch it .
 First of all , forget your memories of Burton 's films of Batman because this is much , much different . Christopher Nolan takes a much darker approach to Batman and tends to swerve farther away from a comic book type feel for the movie . Where Burton often used bright colors and dramatic close ups of caricatures of the infamous DC universe , Nolan takes a more subdued view of the characters and focuses on their psyches instead of their looks and over personalities.Batman Begins , quite literally , spends its time showing the audience just how Bruce Wayne developed his alter-ego and then put that other side of him into effect so that he might make Gotham City a better place . After his father died the city fell into the hands of greedy , biased , and lucrative men who allowed all of the hard work Bruce 's father put into the city to fall to the wayside . Constantly filled with anger and hate for the iconic thug that killed his parents and the city 's inability to hold itself up , Bruce flees . He searches for something to help him and he finds it in the idea , in the concept , in the teachings of Ra 's al Ghul . However , unable to completely follow the definition of `` justice '' presented to him , Bruce returns to Gotham City with specialty training under his belt and a new definition of what he needs to be . What follows is a heart-stopping , action-packed thrill ride that speaks to any fan of the Batman tradition.The main villain here is Scarecrow . Just like Ra 's al Ghul , he is not a well-known villain , but he definitely was part and parcel of the comics and deserves his place in the spotlight . More importantly , however , the villain in this movie is based on fear . Fear can control , can infiltrate hate , can skew logic , and can make people weak with the inability to act . Bruce suffered from fear for most of his life which turned into hate and loathing . The people of Gotham City live in fear and distress , unable to lift themselves out of the mire because of that fear . Ra 's al Ghul and Scarecrow both use fear to further their means while Batman , Bruce , also taps into the fear well to be used for the better . It is the process of overcoming the psychosis of fear that makes this film so fascinating . It , like the comic books , is something we can relate to and allows us to empathize with the characters . Through this the true story of finding one 's identity and fighting fear arises.A great film for the layman and for the comic book connoisseur alike .
 great action movie with great cast . . only wish it was more comic book like . . like in tim burton 's movies
 Batman Returns is a wonderful exercise in symbolism . It 's also a fun ride . The old castle ... moving from a paradise ... to abandoned estate to reborn at the end all serve to mirror the hero 's inner state . His relationship with bats works on many different levels ... from fear to total control again mirroring the hero 's inner psyche . How about his father 's medical instrument ? The tram ? The company ?? Any symbolism there ? Batman Returns works on so many levels , and , as a boost , is loads of fun to watch -LRB- while scarfing down endless gummie bears of course -RRB- .
 Outstanding , the best superhero movie I can remember watching . Director Nolan completely nailed the feel of the story and the character of Batman , returning him to his original noble vigilante persona rather than the vaudeville act the original TV show and directors Burton and Schumacher mutated him into . Christian Bale was born to play this part and I hope for many sequels with him at the helm . Gary Oldman , Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman ; all fabulous in their roles , and finally , we have a female lead in a superhero movie who is n't a whiny , helpless lump just waiting to be rescued from their own ineptitude -LRB- thank you , Kim Basinger and Kirsten Dunst -RRB- Kate Holmes is strong , confident and totally believable in her part . Batman Begins is fantastic from beginning to end . I agree with other critics that the fight scenes could have been a little less muddy , but that is my only complaint . The Batman portrayed here is perfect and a flawless return to what the character was originally intended to be in the comic books . Finally , Batman is back !!!
 This is the best Batman ever ! Great entertainment ; kept me shrieking all through the movie.Modern-day graphics are awesome ; I ca n't believe the fantastic graphics in this movie ; they just get better and better!Batman rules !
 The best of the bats ... for introspection , humanity and psychology ... I hope for many similar like that !
 The best superhero movie of all time . I do n't have any idea how they are going to top this one with the sequel , but I ca n't wait to find out .
 i saw this movie the summer of 2005 it better than the batman movies after before BATMAN AND ROBIN BATMAN FORVER AND BATMAN RETURNS ALL 3 Films fail to the follow the comics chirstian bale was a great choice but this film failed short to blade and BLADE 2 thosse movie where awsome this movie is dark but blade was darker and better than this movie was only be as good the frist batman movie in my mind not better and not popluar either but did make me forget about the last 3 Batman movies . it explain ra al ghal year one petty well but scarecorw was weak he has a bigger part in the comics I THOUGHT that he was a going bigger part in movie . I like this movie because it follows the comics as far the death of bruce parnets and this movie could more add dark tone to batman . I give a 7/10 not an 8 or 9 because thosse bring some that no one seen before and they bring dark tone to the actors but this movie was to able bring back batman but minor comeback .
 I love the vehicle ! I want one of those !! LOL!Great special effects and story line .
 which is not saying very much . Nevertheless , Batman Begins is an excellent action movie with an outstanding , star-studded cast . At the top of the billing is the credible Christian Bale , who , unlike his predecessors , is not so heavily typecasted from other roles that his suitability to play Batman/Bruce Wayne is widely called into question . In addition , the great Michael Caine lends a strong , supporting role as the debonair butler , Alfred , and the talented Morgan Freeman plays a powerful , pivotal role as scientist , Lucius Fox.In terms of the story , the strengths highlighted are , arguably , also the weaknesses . When compared to the Burton/Schumacher packages , the movie does not rely on desperate , dark humor elements that try to keep the audience engaged . However , the writers evoke an often grim , stark Batman story whose character 's origin and development settings are , by and large , quite different from the Batman comics many grew up enjoying , even loving.Also , attempts to make the Batman a character that we can relate to by touting that he is essentially one of those few superheroes without innate or augmented superpowers are limited in scope . There is no argument with the following
 I loved this movie . `` Batman Begins '' has done something other movies have failed to do in my opinion , it lived up to it 's expectations . !!!!!! Words ca n't describe how the good the movie was except it was excellent . I knew this movie was going to be good when I saw the cast list
 There 's a constant debate , especially when it comes to superhero movies , if a certain screen adaptation of a character is the best depiction possible . The Batman movieverse is no different ; with a majority of Michael Keaton supporters , a vocal minority of Val Kilmer supporters , and a two-bedroom condo of George Clooney supporters , the argument rages on . Keaton 's reign on the throne of Batdom is about to come to a close with the emergence of Christian Bale in Batman Begins . Director Chris Nolan and his screenwriter David Goyer bring a gravitas to the franchise that never even existed in the darker Burton films . This is a film full of fleshed-out characters and an honest-to-god complex story , and the performers and technical crews have approached this material as if they were expecting major awards . This is n't a film to chew popcorn and enjoy the cool action , but one that takes the Dark Knight serious on his own level and offers insights on his often frightening predicaments.Begins starts as super-rich Bruce Wayne ends his tour o ' crime around the world in an Asian prison . Why would a billionaire want to get in the minds of criminals around the world , you ask ? Because the murder of his parents left him confused about the nature of crime and justice , and he must know the truth . In prison he meets another justice fighter , Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , who offers to teach and train Bruce in the ways of fighting crime in an Academy in the mountains with his master Ra 's Al Ghul -LRB- Ken Watanabe -RRB- . Bruce accepts and trains there , until after a falling out with the more reactionary group , he returns to Gotham City to put an end to the crime and corruption that has plagued the city for years . With the help of his family 's butler , Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , and the mis-used head of applied science at Wayne Enterprises , Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- , Bruce creates a symbol of justice that will strike fear in the hearts of criminals in a way no man could . He becomes Batman . And that is just the start of the movie . Later , Batman battles corporate greed in the form of the new head of Wayne Enterprises , Mr. Earle -LRB- the always wonderful-to-see Rutger Hauer -RRB- , mafia violence in the form of Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- , and a more mysterious presence in Dr. Jonathan Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- , aka The Scarecrow . He is assisted in his fight by the few honest officials left in Gotham , District Attorney Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- and a cop who probably has lots of promotions on the horizon , Jim Gordon -LRB- Gary Oldman -RRB- . The story of Batman Begins is packed to the brim with themes of fear , vengeance , corruption , and family and each is given a satisfying length to develop . Suffice to say , this is one rich comic book movie that will reward further viewings . It gives the best answer of any of the movies to the question of why Bruce Wayne dresses up like a bat to fight crime , while neatly juxtaposing Bruce 's childhood phobia of bats to the real horror of seeing his parents murdered . Fear fills Begins from beginning to end . The fear Ducard teaches Bruce to impose on criminals to the fear the Scarecrow 's poison gives to the people under it 's influence . Nolan portrays this in great effect as many of the scenes are scarier than any horror film you 'll see this year.Nolan 's direction is receiving the most scrutiny in the area of the action sequences , which are deemed too choppy and not well-defined . NY Times film critic Manhola Dargis cites that Nolan 's action should be like Fred Astaire 's filmed dancing which I would agree with in a lot of cases but not with Batman Begins . The action is as it should be for Batman , dark and fast , theatrical but not flamboyant . Nolan 's direction maximizes this effect without inducing headaches or motion sickness.In the end , you have to ask yourself what makes the best superhero movie of all time `` the best . '' Is it honesty with it 's characters ? An honoring of a long and rich legacy ? An actual story that just is n't filler for elaborate action scenes ? An ambition to be something more than what is the norm of the genre ? If so , Batman Begins fits all these bills and starts some bill of its own . This is the sixth Batman movie -LRB- counting Mask of the Phantasm and not the Adam West cornfest -RRB- , and they 've just now got it completely right with Begins . I 'm sure Batman Continues , but will he ever End?A
 I WAS SO DISAPPOINTED IN THE LAST TWO FILMS ! WHO WAS N'T ? BATMAN BECAME MORE OF A HOLLYWOOD CELEBRETY , HE WAS TOO BUSY LOOKING MACHO RATHER THAN MYSTERIOUS , ROBIN WAS A PATHETIC ADDITION , THE VILLAINS WERE ALL BRAINLESS NUTJOBS WITH PATHETIC LINES , AND TO TOP IT OFF GOTHAM LOOKED MORE LIKE LAS VEGAS RATHER THEN SOME GOTHIC CITY ! ANY OF THIS FOUND IN `` BEGINS '' ? NOPE ! CHRISTIAN BALE WHO HAS BEEN ONE OF MY FAVORITE ACTORS EVER SINCE I SAW HIM ON AMERICAN PSYCHO IS BY FAR THE BEST BATMAN YET . HIS ACTING WAS SUPERB . THE MOVIE FOCUSED FAR MORE ON BATMAN THAN ANY OTHER PERSON IN THE FILM ALTHOUGH I REALLY LIKED GARY OLDMAN 'S PERFORMANCE AS AN EARLY DAYS LIEUTENANT GORDON . KATIE HOLMES ALTHOUGH PLEASANT TO LOOK AT WAS SADLY WASTED IN THIS MOVIE . MORGAN FREEMAN SHINES AS ALWAYS AS HE DID IN OTHER MOVIES LIKE SEVEN AND LEAN ON ME AS BRUCE WAYNES PARTNER AND FRIEND LUCIUS FOX . CILLIAN MURPHY WHO I REALLY LIKED ON 28 DAYS LATER WAS THE PERFECT PICK FOR DR. JONATHAN CRANE AKA THE SCARECROW . LIAM NEESON WHO SURPRISED ME A LOT IN THIS MOVIE WAS AWE-INSPIRING AS THE INSTRUCTOR FOR BRUCE WAYNE IN THE WAYS OF THE NINJA . HIS TRANSITION TO AN ANTAGONIST LATER ON IN THE MOVIE WAS REDICULOUSLY PERFECT . NO OTHER ACTOR COULD HAVE PULLED IT OFF . AND TO TOP IT OFF , MICHAEL CAINE AS THE ALWAYS FUNNY AND AT THE SAME TIME UPTIGHT FAITHFUL BUTLER ALFRED PENNYWORTH . HIS PERFORMANCE EASILY RIVALED MICHAEL GOUGH 'S PERFORMANCE IN THE OTHER FILMS AND EVEN SURPASSED IT AT TIMES . HE 'S SO SERIOUS IN THIS MOVIE AND THAT 'S WHAT MAKES HIM FUNNY . CHRISTIAN BALE IS STILL THE TOP HOMBRE IN THIS FILM . HE PORTRAYS THE TROUBLED YOUNG BRUCE WAYNE IN A WAY THAT SHOWS THE VIEWER THAT THERE REALLY IS A SCARED AND VENGEFUL CHILD BEHIND THAT PLAYBOY IMAGE . LIKE I SAID , BALE IS BY FAR THE BEST OUT OF ALL THE BATMANS , YES EVEN BETTER THAN THE AWESOME MICHAEL KEATON ! IF YOU ARE HOPING FOR A VINDICATION FROM THE LAST TWO FILMS OR EVEN ALL OF THEM , THIS IS IT ! PLEASE GO SEE IT ! I WANT MORE SEQUELS !
 Do n't get me wrong - this is not a negative review . I am speaking as another Bat-geek ; one who has waited years for someone to get it right . Nolan & Co. gave us the most true vision we 'll probably ever see . However , there is a HUGE flaw in the story . I felt this had to be shared where perhaps some of you will agree with me , some wo n't . In this movie , BATMAN DOES N'T KILL OR MAIM HIS VICTIMS . This is the best , darkest ` Batman ' to date and Bruce Wayne IS scary as hell . But by the end of the movie , my fear of him deminished , as did everyone else 's in the theater . This is due to the fact that Batman beats up all his criminals and leaves them to be found by police . The movie reveals that most cops are crooked in Gotham , as are high standing judicial and political figures . So why would a criminal fear The Bat if they 're just knocked out , and then released from jail a few days later ? That dilemma really undermines Wayne 's effectiveness and ultimate goal
 I 'm so excited for this movie it looks so awsome it looks alot better than the first , second , third and forth movies . I mean sirious this is going to be the best Batman Movie because it shows him doing his training and finding the bat cave and not having those peice of junk so called Bat-Mobiles . This Batman movie without a doubt is going to be the best most Hard-Corest Batman Movie of them all.All DIE-HARD Batman fans will be happy and impressed speaking as a DIE-HARD Batman fan such as myself I ca n't wait for this movie to come out !!!!!!
 Since the downfall of the last four movies , it seemed as if Batman would never get back on track.But thank god that David Goyer came along and wrote this mastrpiece . I have been wanting to see the Scarecrow in a movie ever since I saw Batman and Robin . Joel Schumacher is a terrible director and ruined the last two Batman movies . The other movies had terrible actors except for the villains . But this movie has everyone . I ecspecially like Cillian Murphy as Jonathon Crane . Michael Gough as Alfred was ok , but Michael Caine is a way better actor and deserves the part . Cristopher Nolan directs weird movies but this one looks to be his best . I just have one question that involves Liam Neeson as Henri Ducard . Who was he in the comic books ? Ken Watanbe also looks good as Rhas-Al-Ghul . They 've even hired Gary Oldman as James Gordon . This story looks even better than the other movies . It 's not just a typical Batman movie where he has to save the day from a bad guy 's stupid plot to kill or control the people of Gotham . This story is deep into Batman 's origins and has better villains . These villains can actually do realistic thing instead of freezing people with a gun and growing five plants with one seed . The Scarecrow and Rhas-Al-Ghul are probably the darkest villains in the comics save the Joker . When this movie comes out I will be ther the first night .
 THIS MOVIE WAS THE GREATEST COMIC BOOK MOVIE I HAVE EVERSEEN AND I WAS NEVER A REAL BATMAN FAN , BUT BATMAN BEGINS GOES DEEPER INTO THE MAN THAT BATMAN WAS AND WHAT DROVE HIM TO BECOME THIS ALTER EGO AS ONE CRITIC STATED '' ALL THE OTHER BATMAN MOVIES WERE ABOUT THE CAPED CRUSADER , BATMAN BEGINS WAS ABOUT THE DARK KNIGHT '' I COULDNT AGREE MORE THIS WAS A DARKER LOOK AT THIS CHARACTER ALOT OF THE OTHER MOVIES DIDNT GO DEEP TO THE CORE OF BATMAN , BUT BATMAN BEGINS HITS IT RIGHT ON THE NOSE CHRISTIAN BALE PERSONIFIES THE BAT AND MAKES YOU BELIEVE THAT HE COULD TRULY EXIST AND MAKES HIM MORE HUMAN AS APPOSED TO MICHAEL KEATON WHO SEEMED ROBOTIC . BALE SHOWS FEAR , ANGER , HUMOR , AND MANY OTHER CUALTIES THAT MADE HIM PERFECT FOR THIS ROLE , BATMAN BEGINS WILL DEFINITELY BE IN MY DVD COLLECTION AND THE SOUNDTRACK IS AWESOME ANOTHER MASTERPIECE FROM HANZ ZIMMER -LRB- GLADIATOR -RRB- . BUY THIS DVD ASAP
 What is your mission in life ? Great cast -LRB- Christain Bale , Gary Oldman , Morgan Freeman , Rutger Hauer , Michael Caine , Liam Neeson , and Cillian Murphy to name a few -RRB- , and as always great toys -LRB- The tumbler -RRB- . Batman is back in a gritty reboot that gets the job done right . Batman Begins is directed by Christopher Nolan . Any fan of superhero films should watch this .
 I remmber first time I saw first batman movie , With Jack Nickosin as Joker ! Man that moive still rooks . But sadly others that follow , just I do n't know flow . This up to date Batman Begins so far shows lows of promiss . And the second that followed Darknight was great ! I not much of DC fan , more Marvel . Remmber watching batman as child . So its strange and nice to seen imprements they made over the years . Ca n't say nothing neg about this movie ~
 The was a gift for my brother .
 Batman Begins is an amazing movie and the two-disc deluxe edition is an amazing combination . Tons of great special features that give you a unique insight into Christopher Nolan and David Goyer 's thoughts about Batman 's story.The two-disc set alone would easily worth five stars , but as this is a limited edition gift set I gave it four because I feel that the extra `` gifts '' that come with the two-disc set are n't really anything too cool or exciting.Awesome movie , if the gift set costs more than the two-disc set alone then buy only the two-disc set .
 great movie . its good to see more and more movies becoming available on blu ray for as cheap as batman was . batman is a must for blu ray
 This movie renewed my interest in Batman . Christian Bale is probably the best batman yet . I highly this movie .
 When I saw this picture in the cinema , I charmed with this concept about BATMAN , always I considered that BATMAN was something and someone else , no just a paper hero , if no a superhero , that could be introducing like a citizen with a special moral value.This film is the best about BATMAN .
 This is no doubt the best Batman flick ever ! Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman does an excellent job in my opinion ! Way better than George Cloony and Val Kilmer ! Michael Cain is the best Alfred ever as well . That is one casting choice where they did not go wrong . The story is very well told about how Bruce Wayne goes from a privilaged child who witnesses the murder of his parents to the Dark Knight out to use fear on those who pray on the fearful of Gotham .
 I havent got the dvd yet -LRB- il be first in line to get it though ! -RRB- , but i saw this movie in theators twice , and loved it both times . its dark , moody , and , guess what ? No Moe Bat-Nipples ! That 's something we should all be thankful for . This was a great movie . I hope that the new Batman series continues to bring outstanding quality and doesnt die out in primary colors and bat nipples like the old series did .
 this movie is fantastic !! its dark , edgy , psychological . . what else do you expect from the worlds greatest detective :-RRB- THE BATMAN IS BACK !! dont mess with him ... christian bale gives a excellent performance as bruce wayne / batman . . his version ranks right up there with michael keaton 's version of batman . -LRB- who i still think is the best batman :-RRB- cant wait to get the deluxe dvd set as well as the 2 first batman films -LRB- batman and batman returns . . in my view tim burton and graham nolan know what the batman is all about joel schumacker nearly killed the franchise -RRB- ... batman forever and the utter gay joke batman and robin . . dont even count as batman . . i walked out of both of those 2 they are NOT even in the same league . . to make a long story short if you want the real batman check these films out ... Batman -LRB- 1989 -RRB- Batman returns -LRB- 1992 -RRB- Batman begins -LRB- 2005 -RRB- Batman - the animated series -LRB- the early 90 's series from warner brothers animation . . not the kids wb series -RRB- Batman - the mask of the phantasm -LRB- the animated movie -RRB- and check out the comics that started it all ... batman - year onebatman - arkham asylumbatman - the killing jokebatman - a death in the familybatman - the cultbatman - the long halloweenbatman - year twobatman - hushbatman - war on crimebatman - night criesbatman - the dark knight returnsbatman - holy terrorbatman - gotham by gaslightbatman - dreamlandbatman-red rainbatman-bloodstormbatman archives - the early detective comics collection starting with the first appearence of the batman in detective comics # 27 1939 -LRB- wow has it been that long : -RRB- and of course the regular series . . Batman , Detective comics , batman legends of the dark knight all are great reading . . : -RRB-
 I saw this movie and all I can say is that it rocked out loud this is what Batman should have looked like the fist time Batman came out back in 1989 . I have seen all the Batman films and I like most of them but this out is the best one yet the movie is dark and has that comic book feel to it and it made Batman cool agin.The movie has a lot of Action and heart to it but thge story falls short and the villains are not ALL that but still it 's one of the beast films of 2005 and I ca n't wait of it to come out on DVD.So if you 're a comic book fan or a batman fan or just someone looking for a good movie then GO SEE THIS MOVIE you will not be desapointed trust me .
 Finally ! We get a Batman movie that is worth the typeinstead of a run of the mill action film with a boatload of well known -LRB- and popular at the time -RRB- actors.The movie starts with Bruce Wayne as a little boy andspends a great deal of the first half of the moviegoing in detail about how and why Bruce Wayne becameBatman . It really is a nice change from what the serieshas been doing the last two sequels.Christian Bale is very convicing as Bruce Wayne and Ihad a great feeling that he would fit the part . Hebrought seriousness , but yet fun back to a Batmancharacter that had become a stiff and lame `` superhero '' and he was n't the only one . I thought MichaelCane was very underrated and brought good humor tothe Alfred character . It 's actually ashame he did n'tget more airtime.This movie won me over when it put character develop-ment and thinking over run of the mill action thatseems take the lead in movies such as this . Couldsome of the fight scenes brought alittle more ? Yes , but it 's forgiven since that 's not what this isreally about . Another great thing is not one guytotally took the show . It it was pretty much a teameffort with the exception of Katie Holmes who justdid n't have enough charisma and presence to themovie.But it was n't all her fault ... She simply was n't agood fit and was a girl among men in this movie.The rest of the cast was just too notch and itshows that a good balance of acting can make a moviework more than a movie with one great proformer or twocan.Another thing is that the movie was light on the cheeseand B movie type of lines for most of the movie and mostof the humor felt refreashing and real . Nothing was allthat forced here ... Just GREAT team acting and a darkfeel that has n't been seen since the first film back in1989 .5 stars
 great cast , cool use of villians and a decent script ... do n't really agree with having bruce be known to so many as BATMAN -LRB- only Alfred knew at `` the beginning '' -RRB- , but it worked in this story ... Liam neilson was great !!! his role as a mentor turned villian was done well ... the scarecrow was used very well in this story ... . only thing = i wish they would STOP putting BATMAN in those awlful rubber suits !!! and the batmobile was way over the top ... the hummer/tank was kinda stupid ... hope there will be a sequel ... let 's have Thorn and scar-face as the villians !!!
 Batman 's had a rough ride in the movie business . He started out all right-you might argue that Batman launched the current craze of translating comic books to movies . But before the Hulk , Spiderman , Daredevil , and the X-Men came to the big screen , Batman had to fight to be taken seriously . Unfortunately , after making strides with the Batman movie by Tim Burton , the franchise slowly lost ground to directors who did n't respect the material , eventually finding its way into the hands Evil Incarnate himself , the bad guy fanboys loathe everywhere
 I loved `` Batman Begins '' overall , especially because it stays true to its title and focuses on Batman 's origins . It is also very dark and brings Batman back to his brooding film noirish roots . Christopher Nolan was an ideal choice for director given his film noir past with `` Memento '' `` Insomnia '' and `` Following '' , but I suspect that a well-trained dog could have turned in a better effort than `` Batman and Robin . '' -LRB- `` Batman Forever '' was an OK change of pace , and fit Jim Carrey , it does n't deserve to be lumped in the same category as it 's successor . -RRB- `` Batman Begins '' is a near perfect film , though I think it took a terrible wrong-turn in its closing minutes . SPOILER ALERT ! While it is true that both of Burton 's efforts could stand to go a shade or two darker , who dares to take on Jack Nicholson 's `` Joker '' ? Why go into head-to-head competition with a pretty good film when you have the opportunity to correct utter garbage like `` Batman and Robin '' ? Mr. Freeze deserves better than the Governator and Poison Ivy was perfectly cast , and should have been given more to do than fight like a Power-Ranger .
 Perhaps I 'm too much of Ra 's - a - Gouhl fan , but this movie was about as close to what I think the Batman should be that I have no complaints about it . Yo-Yo ` ing the goon was just too good . Highest movie rating from me .
 I have not been so wowed by a movie in decades ! Just about everything was right -- plot , script , dialog , tone , characters , acting , special effects , you name it . Christian Bale was completely convincing as a young man struggling with the inner demons acquired when his parents were gunned down by a thug . He was perfectly played Bruce Wayne 's cover story as a spoiled and shallow boy billionaire . Gary Oldman 's Jim Gordon of the Gotham PD was also spot on -- making Gordon a believable and sympathetic figure as opposed to the buffoonish one we might have expected . Even Michael Caine , as Alfred , pulled more out of himself as an actor than in his last 5 films . `` Batman Begins '' gives us a new take on the genesis of the Caped Crusader -- from Bruce Wayne 's childhood -LRB- when after a well into a well , he was attacked by frightened bats -RRB- , to `` the missing years '' when he salved the guilt and rage over his parents ' murders by hanging with criminals , to his return to Gotham , his discovery of the Batcave , and the development of his costume and Batmobile -LRB- thankfully never called such in the movie -RRB- . It was genius not to lay the development of Wayne 's martial arts skills AND incredible gizmo invention on one man . Morgan Freeman , as science guru Lucius Fox handled that task flawlessly . And the scriptwriters came up with some truly frightening bad guys whose evil plot -LRB- a weapon of mass psychosis -RRB- was truly inspired and frightening . Gotham -- a twisted take on NYC -- never looked so seedy , corrupt or hopeless.This was an incredibly well-crafted movie -- with special effects always in the service of the story . The scriptwriters tied up every loose know and left no details hanging . The plot spun around like a cave full of bats , turning back onto itself in delicious spirals . An incredible achievement !
 I really enjoyed this movie and I enjoy watching the special features , but I was disappointed to find that there is no commentary even for a `` deluxe '' edition.Furthermore , the second disc is laid out like pages from a comic book where you move the cursor to highlight menu keys to access the features . For instance , you would highlight certain words in the dialogue bubbles or highlight objects in the background . However , the cursor or highlighter disappeared but I could still blindly access the features . It was very annoying . If I ejected the disc and started over , the highlighter would come back and would stay if I did not access any of the features in the comic pages -LRB- another set of features are simply listed after the comic page format -RRB- . Again , very annoying . If anyone else has experienced this problem let me know.One more thing -- and this is n't a complaint -- for anyone who did not know this already , Christain Bale purposely kept the American accent in some interviews -LRB- so that US audiences would not wonder why Batman seems British -RRB- , but you will find some features where he lets his Welsh accent be known . This can be confusing if you do n't know the reason behind it . See also the Quotes & Trivia page .
 As for comparisons , Tim Burton 's ` Batman ' -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and ` Batman Returns ' -LRB- 1992 -RRB- was a tribute to the best parts of the franchise . If it is superior to this film in any way , it is the style of Tim Burton , keeping you consciously grounded in a comic-book-reality -LRB- e.g. , the Joker 's pistol with a 4-foot long barrel taking down the Batwing -RRB- , while never taking off the dark edge off the heroes -LRB- which was Schumacher 's sin -RRB- . Put simply , Burton 's Batman installments were fun.Similiarly , ` Batman Begins ' -LRB- 2005 -RRB- keeps the darker edge of Burton 's interpretation -LRB- including a suspicously similar looking costum -RRB- , but that is where the similarities end . This film has a much larger palette -LRB- beyond the world of Gotham -RRB- , based more in a semi-real world -LRB- as was the case with ` Superman ' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- -RRB- and indicative of a much deeper psychology within the nature of the title character . The heroes and villians are painted in much greyer shades , and the title character 's motive of simple revenge is dispensed with early in the film for headier explorations . Batman is a very literary figure - a metaphor for the exploration of the connection between the id -LRB- fear , violence , revenge -RRB- and the superego -LRB- justice , family obligations -RRB- . Whether you like Burton 's interpretation or this interpretation will depend on your own vision of this icon . As films , both have excellent casts and both are worthy of 5 stars , even if for very different reasons.The two-disc expanded version was released on the same day as the two-disc expanded versions of ` Batman ' , ` Batman Returns ' , and Schumacher 's two installments and is loaded with the extras you come to expect from great DVDs -LRB- with the exception of deleted scenes -RRB- .
 There are very few movies I would suggest are perfect , but this one is and I 'll tell you why . Sure , by now you know the story line , the way cool Batmobile and a great telling of what has become a classic legend , all grown up from comic books , and evolved into a sort of Greek hero figure like Hercules or Achilles . What makes the movie great is that it makes the story great . Really great . One of the wonders of childhood is when you begin to understand that sometimes a story is just that and nothing more . Then something wonderful happens to that transitional imagination . You WANT it to be true . Remember when you used to wish that there really was a place called OZ and dreamed that you could fly -LRB- just like Superman -RRB- even though you knew better ? Think back . That 's why this is a perfect movie . Because the vision of this movie is that there really , really COULD be a Batman . You even want there to be one . All of the gizmos and costumes are necessary , even required . Further they are all plausible , and made so by justifying every single part of the Batman , even the cape , as essential parts of his battle outfit . What kid did n't run around the yard or basement donning the cape of his favorite superhero ? What grownup would n't like to get his hands on this one , converting yourself into an ultralight flying person -LRB- at least if you jump off a very high place -RRB- . For the U.S. Army - parachutes out Bat capes in . Oops , almost gave away one of the moviemakers ' secrets . If you have ever gotten weary of doing all the work to suspend your disbelief to believe in a movie or a story , then you are in for a big , big treat . You wo n't have to because you 'll come to the end of the movie just a little bit different . A grown-up who CAN believe that there are heroes in the world , and maybe , just maybe tomorrow on CNN they 'll be telling you about a real Batman fighting crime in New York , and everybody trying to find out if it 's for real or just a joke . I 'll just bet you 'll smile a little over your coffee and say `` Sure . It 's true . He probably saw the movie . '' And you 'll understand what being a child is like all over again . You Will Believe !
 I have seen all 4 Batman films prior to this one and this one BLOWS ALL OF THEM AWAY -LRB- even the still classic 1989 film starring Michael Keaton and Jack Nicholson -RRB- ! Christian Bale 's version of Batman is very intimidating ! I remember watching this film originally in the theater and being scared to death for the guys he interrogated ! The villians -LRB- Scarecrow/Ra 's Al Guhl -RRB- were smartly handled well . Rachel , played by Katie Holmes , is n't eye-candy like the previous leading Bat-women . She actually has spunk and guts.Overall , all the characters in this film are very believable . For those that still want an `` Adam West '' type Batman , please rent the old 1960 's film or 1997 's `` Batman & Robin '' by Joel Schumacher ! Otherwise , I 'd skip this one because that style of Bats does n't live here ! For everyone else , get ready for great ride ! : D
 I never thought the original batman could have any compitition and I was right . This movie not only was as good as the original batman , it was better . Although I do miss the classic batmobile , everything else makes up for it . True comic lovers will appreciate the detail and dedication the director had to put into this movie .
 creo que es la mejor pelicula de batman aunque la primera tmb es muy buena pero esta las supera en todo y no le pide nada christian bale hizo un buen papel como batman ademas las demas peliculas excepto tmb batman regresa que es buena lo que son batman eternamente y batman y robin son una completa m # % ! da ya que tienen muchas cosas exageradas y las historias son muy malas pero esta es la mejor ya que a mi me encanta batman y es mi super heroe favorito MUY RECOMENDABLE COMPRENLA se van a pasar un rato entretenido
 man . . after years of crappy batman films , excluding the first batman . . it was a worthy effort , Nolan gets the character right . . first off , he dosnt make gotham city look like a circus town , and dosnt have nipples on the batsuit . . which is good . . and while some people may complain that this movie lacks all the action , keep in mind that it is called Batman Begins , and goes into what the character went through to get awesome like he is . in short , a great comic movie for any fan
 Batman Begins is my favorite movie of all time . I watched it 10 times in the theater and I am going to buy a big screen tv for the dvd . Every young man should watch this movie as it features an all star father figure cast of Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman and the immortal Liam Neeson . Watch as they mold an angry young man into a legend . Not to be overlooked is rising star Cillian Murphy as he plays the creepy Johnathan Crane/Scarecrow . After the disastrous Batman & Robin in 1997 , this is the movie Batman fans have dreamed about for years .
 Forget all of the other Batman movies because this is the definitive one.This has great acting-something the others never had-and a great story and a better director.Tim Burton was good , but did n't get into the backstory of Bruce Wayne and besides , the villans were more colorful and sometimes over the top than should have been.It 's a little long towards the end , but still very good.Great action as well ... HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!
 For years if you wanted to see a good Batman movie , you watched either the original Tim Burton movies or the excellent animated movies -LRB- you skipped the last two live action movies all together -RRB- . Finally , Batman has been made the way it should have been . Batman Begins puts Batman into the real world , while at the same time perfectly capturing the mystique of the comic . Congratulations Christopher Nolan . First the casting of Christian Bale was right on . I 've seen Bale in many pictures from Shakespeare to psycho , so I was confident he would do a good job , but he did better than expected . He captured the duality of Bruce Wayne/Batman perfectly . The rage that shows on his face is at times totally intense , but he easily plays the fop -LRB- the scene where he pretends to be drunk is fantastic -RRB- . This movie dazzles in its simplicity . The story is strong , the special affects are not overdone and the acting is perfect . Plus it sets up perfectly for a sequal . Well done all involved .
 It was a gift for my nephew for Christmas . It came in great shape and even included a comic book !
 the film is great , more realistic than previous films , and the bonus dvd it 's full of interesting material !!
 All I have to say is wow , the movie does not only look great . It sounds great too . If you are looking for a movie to show off your blu-ray and your surround sound look no more .
 I was unfortunate enough in not seeing this film in theaters and I regret it everyday . I own the single wide screen version of the film on DVD , but if you have a 1080p tv go for the blu-ray version . I honestly believed that Christian Bale was the wrong actor for the role and boy was i dead wrong . I must say he is the best Batman hands down . Now that would be a big statement coming from a huge fan of the comics . I base my decision on Bale 's incredible skills of performing real moves of martial arts . for the first time i finally see batman actually use his elbows as well as his knees to take down some of his foes . It 's funny to see in the 1989 Version how Michael Keaton could just do a back hand punch on somebody and knock him out instantly . I also find him to be a bad shooter as he literally aims at the joker with his arsenal on the bat wing and still misses . I believe Christian Bale is the real deal and now that the `` Dark Knight '' is out , it 's official that no one else is capable of beating him as Batman . This movie makes you forget that there was ever a Batman film before it . I recommend this film for hardcore Batman fans and those who are just introduced to the franchise . I suggest getting the dvd since it 's cheaper but if you 're spoiled with a HDTV then get the blu ray .
 This movie did a great job at illustrating the origin of Batman , and portraying him as the Dark Knight.The movie did a great job of overcoming the campiness of some of the earlier Batman movies.I hope they produce more Batman movies like this one .
 The first overall reason is because this film goes out of its way to get the Batman story right and fully explain it , whereas all of the other pictures were just interested in the commercial potential of it . Everyone in this film feel different than the feel of the other films , but that 's OK since it 's a different director and he 's a very good director , so I do n't mind the odd role that I do n't connect with that much . It 's an all around solid film , something that could n't be said of Burton 's pictures while they were immensely entertaining on the outside layer .
 What I want to know is that people were complaining that they did n't get a good batman film with Tim Burton or Joel Schumacher 's batman films . I liked Time Burtons take on batman but we finally get another great batman film and their are some people that still complain . What do people want another batman and robin . I sure do n't . This movie is n't for everyone but for die hard batman fans . It 's more darker and christian bale plays a great batman . Some people may not like it but thats becaus they do n't know a good film .
 This movie is one of the top five films that i have ever seen ! This was the best Batman movie ever ! Amazaing Directing and Amazing acting with amazing action and Amazing Drama ! Christan Bale was the best Batman ! This film goes back in time and explains the legendary Batman 's origin . That was also why this movie was so good ! I can not wait till the sequel ... -LRB- ... -RRB-
 After several disappointing Batman films , this one truly begins the good Batman films . It had a great and entertaining story line , good acting , and very good visuals . Sure it took a darker approach to Batman , but it paid off and created a very exciting , edge-of-your-seat Batman . It does the Black Knight justice.The start of the film explores who Bruce Wayne was before he became Batman and even shows his parents ' death . The beginning is great , but the movie takes off in the batmobile when Wayne returns to Gotham . That 's when the fun starts . Great scenes of Batman busting bad guys and driving around in his `` tumbler '' keep you entertained . There are nice twists , a great ending , and even some remotely scary scenes . Add that with well placed humor and good acting from Christian Bale , Katie Holmes , and Morgan Freeman and you have one great movie.Nothing is as cool as seeing the Batman logo projected in the air over Gotham , except Gotham itself , and Batman in action , and Scarecrow in action , and and and I could keep on going , but it will take to long and I do n't want to spoil anything . Point is , after summer flops like Mr. and Mrs. Smith and Fantastic Four , Batman Begins is easily the best movie of Summer 2005 .
 He began in Detective Comics # 27 in 1939 and a legend was born , his TV show brought new popularity , he was brought to the big screen in 4 feature films . Today at last , his background and orgin comes to life . The full amazing story of how `` Batman Begins '' One of the best Superhero Movies I ever seen among my top 3 favorites `` Superman the Movie '' , and the two Spider-Man films and the best Batman I 've seen in a really long time , Batman and Robin sucked . It 's as good as the first Batman movie . A Superhero movie that explores more than just fighting crime and saving Gotham City , but how and why Billionare Bruce Wayne became the Caped Crusader , well it begins with a tragedy , then special training , advanched technology , a cave and a mask . An amazing top notch summer blockbuster , really cool art direction , a really cool high flying triumph and I 'm even more excited for Fantastic 4 , I think It will be better . See Batman Begins in theaters now and get the full extrodronary story of the masked avenger . `` where are you '' `` right here ''
 Batman was quite literally on his deathbed after the mess that was Batman and Robin . It was a nail in the coffin that super hero movies had been building themselves during the 90s.X-men really started a new craze in Hollywood by being a super hero movie that was actually enjoyable . Spiderman continued the new fad . Yes , there are still failures in the super hero movie world , The Hulk , Punisher , etc. . But , this latest venture into comic book reality is amazing . Batman Begins is Premium Super Hero Movie Making!Not since Tim Burton had the helm in the first Batman has a Batman movie been this good . Better yet , this movie might actually be better than Burton 's vision . Christian Bale might never be better than Keaton as Batman , but for the time being Bale is the best we have . And truthfully there could not be a better choice for the Dark Knight.There are small instances of comic humor in this movie , but for once , reality prevails in a comic book movie . This movie looks and feels great . The effects are state of the art , the bat-gadgets are actually believable and have a hint of science behind them , and the action is n't totally ridiculous -LRB- i.e. the Mighty Morphin `` Batman and Robin '' -RRB- This movie deserves five stars for reinvigorating a dying movie franchise . It is a great time and will please many a movie goer .
 And I do n't mean The Force , but that would make for one heck of a movie.I 'm gon na assume that most of you have seen all of the previous four Batman films . There are the bad/terrible , you get to choose , films directed by Joel Shumacher . In these movies the bad guys are covered in neon colors and are busy ice skating around Batman while they are trying to fight him . Everything is colorfull and Batman even whips out a Bat-credit card . UGHHHH ! Then there are the good/great Batman films , once again you get to choose . These films are dark and very intense . Batman is played by a person who understands what Bruce Wayne 's character is about , meaning how tormented he is by his parent 's death and how he wants to bring justice to Gotham City . Oh yeah , these films are directed by Tim Burton who seems like the person that Batman movies were meant to directed by . These movies are the example that `` Batman Begins '' followed . In this movie Batman/Bruce Wayne returns to his dark roots.This film basically explores Bruce Wayne 's past . It goes into great detail of what happened to him after to his parent 's murder . It explains how he became a fearful , revenge-minded person that sought training to prevent criminals from flourishing in Gotham City . It goes into how he came to decide on becoming Batman . How he got his utility belt , his costume and the Batmobile . There 's also a story of him saving Gotham City from nerve gas that makes you go permantly crazy , but thats not were the main story lies . Its kind of a side show.First of all , any fan of Batman should thank Christopher Nolan if you aver meet him . As mentioned earlier , he has made Batman a dark super hero once again . One of the great things that he created an image of was the fear that bad guys had of Batman . In this film , Batman would pop out a dark spot and snatch a bad guy , just like in the comic books . The bad guys were really scared of the Dark Knight , which is how it should be . Christian Bale did a great job as Batman/Bruce Wayne . He played the most intense and darkest Batman to date . His Batman voice was a little too scruffy , but nothing else was bothersome . The rest of the supporting cast , which included Liam Neeson , Michael Caine , Gary Oldman , Cillian Murphy , and Katie Holmes , did a good job also . Not too much to complain about with the flick.I would have to say that this film is definitely a challenger for the best of the series . This movie is so far the movie to see this summer . Definitely check this film out . There 's no way that you 'll be disappointed .
 An Action Pact Movie without swearing or explicit sex ... do n't need it with a movie like this . ACTION PACKED and loved seeing all of the seasoned actors ... a real treat .
 Forget about all the other Batman movies before this one . This movie is visually astounding , and loaded with action that will have you on the edge of your seat ! Batman has new gadgets that are cooler than ever . Needless to say , the Batmobile is awsome . In my opinion , a unstopable beast on wheels ! You got ta see the movie to believe me . This Batman Begins is truely the beginning of a great run of Batman movies ! These movies can only get better and better !
 When the fourth film to feature D.C. Comics ' character `` Batman '' was unveiled in 1997 -LRB- entitled `` Batman and Robin '' -RRB- , it certainly seemed that the `` Batman '' film franchise had forever died as it was an atrocious film . When announcements were made public that a new `` Batman '' film would be released in 2005 -LRB- entitled `` Batman Begins '' -RRB- , I certainly had my doubts that the film would be good following the 1997 disaster . However , director and co-writer Christopher Nolan , who directed and co-wrote the Oscar-nominated film `` Memento '' in 2000 , has happily proven my doubts wrong . `` Batman Begins '' is , in my opinion , the best `` Batman '' film ever produced thanks to a combination of superb direction , wonderful acting and an engaging story.Beginning when Bruce Wayne is only eight years old -LRB- played by Gus Lewis -RRB- , Bruce accidentally falls into a pit on the very wealthy Wayne Manor . He is rescued by his father Thomas Wayne -LRB- Linus Roache -RRB- , who is a philanthropist that prefers to let others manage Wayne Enterprises , but Bruce 's experience and memories of being in the pit torment him into his adult years with horrifying dreams of the bats that inhabit the pit and its adjoining cave . It is not long after his rescue that he attends an opera with his father and mother -LRB- Sara Stewart -RRB- . When performers dressed in black remind him of the bats , he urges his parents to leave , which they do with him through a back door into an adjoining alley . There , a petty thief kills Bruce 's parents
 Fantastic come back for the film series with Christian Bale as the Cape Crusader starting his war on crime . Christopher Nolan recreates the series with a dark mood that almost rivals Tim Burton 's first two Batman movies but he does lack the flare and the bravado that Burton brought to those films as well as the underlining sense of evil that Gotham had in it 's core . Nolan meanwhile does give a sense of realism to the madness of the city and it 's hero and that 's where the movie big surprise is . I think that this is a great come back for the series and I hope there will be a sequel to it to see where Batman goes from there .
 Fear comes crawling on occasion to all people , the question is how do they respond to this frightening sensation . Many try to live with their internal fears without ever trying to deal with them , but once and in a while some decide to look fear in the eyes . Some of these fears are phobias strong enough to paralyze the individual 's existence , which could possibly be very dangerous if a situation would present itself where the stimuli that trigger the phobia would appear in an untimely moment . These stimuli that cause fear could be things such as heights , spiders , or small spaces , yet they all have one thing in common . They all induce irrational levels of fear . In Batman Begins , Bruce Wayne -LRB- Christian Bale -RRB- has such a phobia and how he acquires this phobia emerges in the opening of the film through a traumatic childhood experience.The story opens with a dream sequence where Bruce is playing , as a child , in their gigantic garden with Rachel Dawes , as he for the first time encounters bats through a traumatic experience . When Bruce wakes up he is a captive of an Asian prison , seemingly Chinese , but this is not confirmed . He is in prison due to his personal journey to gain wisdom about the nature of evil . It also appears that he has enemies whereever he wanders , as convicts are willing to end his life whenever opportunity presents itself . As a consequence , the prison guards throw him into solitary confinement where a shadowy man , Henri Ducard -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- , offers him the opportunity to fight evil in a more productive manner . However , Bruce must follow the instructions of Ducard and undergo rigorous training where he must face his personal fears.Batman Begins opens with a fragmented storyline , which helps induce the confusion that Bruce might be feeling while trying to understand himself and how he should approach evil . In this beginning , Bruce 's past history runs before the audience 's eyes through a number of interjecting flashbacks that present how he got to the situation where he gains the skills and wisdom necessary to battle evil . Much of his wisdom and skill comes from intense training in ninjutsu and other martial arts while he is aptly ingesting all of the physical , spiritual , and philosophical parts of his training . Intermittently throughout the training , scenes from his past emerge to increase an understanding of why he desires to combat evil . The root of his desire stems from a harrowing childhood memory where his mother and father were brutally gunned down in his presence after having left an opera performance early due to fear experienced during the opera.The scene leading up to the murder of his parents continues to display director Christopher Nolan 's attention for detail , as he also plays with the analogous notion that fear can prevent people from fulfilling their destinies . The scene also illustrates the internalized guilt that Bruce possesses due to his fears that frequently haunt his dreams with his personal nightmarish nemesis - the bat . However , Ducard teaches him that in order to fully be prepared to face his destiny he must conquer over his own fears . This lengthy beginning is essential in order for the audience to build a complete understanding of Bruce 's persona , as he struggles to understand himself within a diverse and unjust world . Nonetheless , Nolan accomplishes to keep the audience 's attention with his hypnotic storytelling that has splashes of wit and insightfulness.Eventually , Bruce finishes his education with Ducard , but finds himself at a crossroads where his personal philosophy opposes Ducard 's organizations . This leads him to take his own path , a narrow path , where he must struggle to be on the right side of justice . In addition , when he returns home to Gotham City he discovers that he has been declared dead , as he has been gone for more than seven years . Through the help of his family butler , Alfred -LRB- Michael Caine -RRB- , he returns home to begin work in a small department of his company that is run by Lucius Fox -LRB- Morgan Freeman -RRB- from where he finds several of his fantastic Batman toys while he is trying to find a fitting symbol for his new alter ego . After much thought , Bruce settles for the name - Batman.During Bruce 's long absence from Gotham City , the city has disintegrated from rampant crime while corruption is reaching its peak . The man behind the scenes seems to be the mobster Carmine Falcone -LRB- Tom Wilkinson -RRB- who has a finger in everything within the city , but he is also cooperating with Dr. Jonathan Crane -LRB- Cillian Murphy -RRB- , a psychiatrist , that gets off all of Falcone 's thugs with the plea of insanity . The police do not do much , as most of them are in the pocket of Falcone . One of the few that seems to pursue the criminals is the attorney Rachel Dawes -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- , but without much luck . Amidst this vile corruption Batman begins to restore peace and order within the city with his tough approach . However , there seems to be something much bigger brewing underneath the surface of the city and Batman might be what Gotham City needs to save them.Batman Begins provides an authentic image of Batman 's true dark character , as he struggles with what is right and wrong . Through this personal struggle of Batman , Nolan does a wonderful job in depicting a genuine society where things are not black and white , as he brings the film into the gray zone where nothing is completely clear . This ambiguousness is vital , as it also heavily deals with the emotion fear . Fear is crucial for survival as people can sense dangers when facing fears , but if neglected it could lead to worse sorrow . The camerawork and the darkness in the film enhances the element of fear in a brilliant manner . There is a scene where the bats seem to merge with Batman , which symbolically produces the notion that fear is an essential part of our own existence and can not be neglected . When the darkness of the viewing room goes into hiding from the light and the end credits fade away Batman Begins continues to expand beyond any of its predecessors with a thoughtful and innovative cinematic experience not soon forgotten .
 First off , let me state that I am a fan of the first , and even the second , Batman movies with Michael Keaton . However , this movie is truly the best and truest Batman adaptation . Batman in this film was ridiculously scary , as he was meant to be . You get a real sense of the horror he inspires in Gotham 's underworld . The scene where he plucks Falcone 's men , one by one , from the docks made me jump out of my seat . Christian Bale 's portrayal is so unbelievably good !!! He managed to make me sympathetic to Bruce Wayne and brought real depth to the millionare playboy ; Bale made him a real person with complex motivations . Gary Oldman was so good and convincing as Gordon that I did n't even realise he was the same man who played Sirius Black ! The acting in this film was the best of all the movies and I look forward to a sequel and Nolan 's interpretation of The Joker !!!
 I got this product for my father and he was very content . It was all he wanted for his birthday -- well , except a Triumph TT of course -- and he was going through a batman craze after seeing `` The Dark Knight . `` Nothing to criticize .
 the DVD is great and the bonus features are too . However the technology on the DVD made our blue-ray player outdated . We had a difficult time installing the updates , and the load time for the movie was like 5-10 minutes . Once it started , it went straight into the movie and you had to stop the movie to get to the disc menu . The menu is the most advanced i 've ever seen , and I assume the cause of all the problems I had . Once we got it going - it was amazing . Just do n't plan on popping popcorn an sitting down to watch a movie . This one requires a little more work to enjoy .
 10 thumbs up ! lolBest Batman film next to The Dark Knight . I give this one 9/10 and looks great in high-def .
 Pure bliss in this blu-ray release . The movie was already solid , but the high def transfer is one of the best out there !
 First of all every time a superhero movie is gon na come out marvel , dc , or any other , kids are always the first in line to go see it but just cause this movie is rated pg-13 does n't mean it 's for kids not like they ca n't see it but you know.I mean really this batman -LRB- which is the best -RRB- is how he really is.Batman has always been a dark character who has anger , wants revenge , whether is to kill or bring them to justice and truly this is not a character children want to look up to.He 's like the punisher only that he does n't use guns but cool gadgets and they have the same intesions.This movie is waaay different from any of the other batman films -LRB- `` and george clooney as batman , ARE YOU KIDDING ME ! '' -RRB- it takes it more serious and is just a movie for grown ups -LRB- not like there 's blood , nudity , or anything else -RRB- but really once you look at this batman film you will see it really MUCH MORE MATURE , THE WHOLE STORY AND EVERYTHING , BALE RULES !
 great movie , HD quality is n't that good though . like with any `` first in series '' movie , alot of backstory and becoming of the character takes place . it 's to be expected , i ca n't wait for the dark knight with more action and darkness .
 I have seen all of the Batman movies . I am not a child but a retired baby-boomer who will always be a kid at heart . -- This movie is undoubtedly THE BEST Batman movie ever , putting ALL others in a secondary `` junk '' category !!! -- All of the actors in this production do an excellent job portraying `` real people '' in a comic book setting !!! - This movie IS NOT for the INFANTILE `` brain-dead '' who DEMAND EXPLOSIVE NOISE , BLOOD & GUTS , SKANK FEMALES EXPOSING THEMSELVES -LSB- cow-teats -RSB- and an infantile trite & trivial STORY LINE !!! And I must say , , , NOT having female exposed private parts i.e. cow-teats , cleavage , whatever , , , is REFRESHING !!! -- With todays garbage -LSB- cows exposing themselves -RSB- passing for movies :--LRB- , , , it 's not often I can say I THOROUGHLY enjoyed this production !!! Thank You , Thank You , Thank You , , , to the Production Team !!! -- I hated for it to end : - -RRB- Sincerely , Matthew
 Batman has been my favorite superhero for over fifty years . I have seen every Batman movie a number of times and even though they were campy and fun , I was n't completely satisfied with any of them . I wanted Batman to be darker , sinister and more complex , more like a vigilante outside the law , and I did n't want Robin and Batgirl tagging along either . When I saw `` Batman Begins '' on opening day in the theaters in 2006 , I was pleasantly surprised . Christopher Nolan had given me the perfect Batman portayed by Christian Bale . The supporting cast was outstanding . Michael Caine as Alfred , Gary Oldman as Gordon , Katie Holmes as his childhood love , Rutger Hauer and Morgan Freeman to round out the cast and all gave superlative performances . The story was fitting for a superhero , and the Batmobile was an added bonus . Even the background music track was excellent . This movie surpassed all my expectations . My only criticism is the editing ; all the rules of continunity were broken and some of the shots were so brief that it was hard to grasp what just happened , but somehow they made it all work . The HD rendition is superb , revealling little things I missed on the dvd version .
 At long last , Batman is coming to Blu-Ray . It sure took Warner Bros. long enough , but hey , better late than never . Hopefully since they delayed this thing to be a tie in with The Dark Knight , they 'll throw in some sweet extras to make up for lost time . As long as it has all the same goodies as the HD-DVD version , plus that awesome picture transfer , I 'll be happy . But still , it 's been a really long time coming , so I 'd hope that they make this a `` special edition '' release to make up for lost time .
 The movie is excellent , of course , but it also has this sound quality in TrueHD , just terrific . The special features are awesome and the little comic and script from The Dark Knight , simply wonderful . The post cards , tremendous . The hologram on the cover is freaking great . I was delighted . The only thing I really missed was that the did n't talk about Hans Zimmer and the soundtrack , which is absolutely magnificent.Totally satisfied . Looking forward for The Dark Knight Rises BR , hopefully limited edition too .
 This was an excellent movie . My wife and I want to watch the 3rd Batman movie but had n't seen the first two and we wanted to watch them in order .
 Perfect condition . The movie came looking brand new . I could not be happier with my purchase of Batman Begins . Of course the price could not be beat as well .
 I always prefer full screen edition movies and Batman Begins is a great movie ! I needed to add this to collection . Highly recommended it !
 The movie arrived on time and was in great conditions . I have not been able to watch the movie but as soon as I do I will update this review !
 This movie excellently explains how Batman Began . The story line is captivating and the characters are awesome . I would recommend to all audience 's .
 Great beginning to an awesome trilogy . Was my husband 's first time seeing it and he really enjoyed it . Must see .
 Out of the trilogy movies Batman Begins is the worst , but that 's actually not a bad thing , in fact the movie is great and entertaining -LRB- not to mention that it is as dark as the movie could get which is what I enjoyed -RRB- .
 I really enjoyed the movie and Christian Bale . It was very good audio and picture . My family like it too .
 An awesome rebirth of a superhero charater . And the series just gets better . If you have n't seen this one , then you 're missing out . Best seen on blu ray with a quality surround sound system . Enjoy .
 This movie caputers the darkside of the Batman.Who Bruce Wayne devlopes after a 7yr journey.We are brought in at the end of Bruce 's journey where he meets and finishes training with Ras Al Gual.He returns too Gothem a city in choase run by the under world and corputed cops , & politicains.Turning his fears outward he becomes a Bat-with body armor , and supplies Wayne 's foundation developed.But one such item is a devices that will vaporize water and poision all of Gothem . This device has fallen into the hands of the Scarecrow-who 's real idenity is Dr.Crane a doctor for the crimainaly insane.Who-is beging strung along just like the rest of Gothem by a Mysterious Boss.Can Batman save a city when he has too fight every bad guy and most of Gothems finest-save for one cop Sargent Gorden.Can Bruce be a somehting close too a normal billionair playboy , while buying up hotels and his father 's corparation - He has too coup with a old flame , and a grubbing false faced sociaty.Who is he?A man lost in his own mind with a strong beleive in fair justices.This movies goes straight in for the Heart of what Batman became known as in the 80 's a Dark Knight-who willnot use a gun or any deadly weapon-just his array of Ninja type weaponary and the fear of the fearfull.This is the BatMan those directors in the 90 's could only dream of making.Not a perfect movie , but close enough and is worth the ride ... SEAQUALS ANYONE ?
 I 've followed this film 's production for a good while now . This movie will reboot the Batman franchise . The story will be a treat for Batfans non-Batfans alike.Judging from his interviews , Christian Bale is taking this role very seriously , even dedicated it to his father who passed away the end of last . This man will become the new embodiment of Batman/Bruce Wayne.June 17th everyone ... it Begins !!!
 Long story short , you ca n't get any better than this in terms of comic book film adaptations . Christian Bale is an absolutely perfect and believable Bruce Wayne , Nolan is an amazing director , and Michael Kane owns you and your entire family . Best superhero movie to date ; however , wait for Bryan Singer 's `` Superman '' set for a June 30th release . I 'm pretty sure that will take the title of best superhero movie , but `` Batman Begins '' will remain a close second .
 Christan Bale as a young Bruce Wayne/Batman is a much needed reinvention of the Batman movie franchise . He has amazing screen presence and makes you believe that he is the Dark Knight . I was impressed how naturally he jumped into the role and made it his own.The story is tight and easy to follow . The cinematography is beautiful , especially the parts filmed in Iceland . Big sweeping shots of snow covered mountains and raggedy buildings lining the slopes . Just fabulous.The 2 disc DVD set is spectacular . The video transfer is almost perfect and there are plenty of extras for the rabid Batman fan . The compilation comic book is a very nice addition . I would recommend this set to anybody .
 Compared to Joel Schumacher 's eternally pitiful excuse for a movie -- AKA Batman Forever -- Batman Begins is heaven . Christopher Nolan has definitely done his homework , and has taken the persona of Batman back to the dark , brooding , mysterious , tormented realm the character BELONGS in ; he is to be thanked for helping us forget the bad taste Schumacher 's laughable product left in our mouths . But even if we disregard Schumacher for a moment , Batman Begins by itself is a triumph . Everything about the movie -- from the locations and sets to the cinematography to the music -- is dark and atmospheric . Even the Wayne mansion that we see young Bruce in is gothic and foreboding.What made this movie one of my favorites of all time is its psychology
 The marriage of comic books and the movies has had a stormy relationship . From the serials of the early 40 's through the campiness of the 60 's `` Batman '' to the big-budget opuses of the past quarter century , the comic hero as movie attraction has been topsy-turvy . Successes have included the first two `` Superman '' films , the first two Tim Burton-directed `` Batman '' films , the X-Men movies , and the Spiderman films , while the duds have included `` The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen , '' `` The Hulk , '' `` Spawn , '' `` Hellboy , '' as well as last summer 's `` Fantastic Four '' . `` Batman Begins '' belongs to the success category . Revamping the Batman mythos somewhat , director/screenwriter Christopher Nolan has a genuine respect for the character and does a superb job of crafting a tale that makes Bruce Wayne an even more tragic individual whose obsession with fighting crime is only equaled by his drive to prove himself as a man worthy of his family 's name and reputation.Christian Bale , late of so many critically acclaimed -LRB- yet not mega-hits -RRB- films , is deserving of a wider audience and the popularity of this film has gotten him noticed by filmgoers that may not have seen his other films . He assays his role wonderfully and can only be better in the subsequent sequel.The film ca n't lose with a supporting cast as brilliant and talented as Oscar nominees/winners Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , and Liam Neeson . Chameleon actor Gary Oldman gets to be a `` hero '' as he portrays a young `` Jim Gordon , '' the character that would later become Batman 's ally in the police department . Perennial villain Rutger Hauer is also on hand as CEO of Wayne Enterprises and his limited screen time is well spent.Cillian Murphy 's `` Scarecrow '' is so frightening that it would be great to see him as the chief adversary in any future Bat-film . The great dialogue in the script allows each character to deliver at least one ZINGER line , something that was sorely missed in the first X-Men film.The `` look '' of the film , though reminiscent of the Burton films , has enough of an individuality that makes it refreshingly new.And the new Batmobile ??? At first , I thought it hideous , but when I saw it in action , I found it to be the perfect tool for `` The Dark Knight '' . All the extras on the bonus DVD , as well as the comic book contained within , are worthy of multiple visits.If the makers of the new Superman film do half the job that Nolan , Bale , and company did on this one , they should have a winner of their hands .
 Batman Begins is by far the best movie about the caped crusader to ever hit the screen . The movie nails every aspect of what Batman should be , and as such , is a far darker movie than even the Tim Burton Batman movies . Batman is the Dark Knight , a man driven by vegeance , yet when given the chance to be the executioner , he refuses . It 's a long movie , it moves slowly at times , but it has to . Truly a great movie .
 Why ? Lots of reasons . For one , it 's got Christian Bale in the lead role , Michael Caine as the strongest Alfred ever , Rutger Hauer as a Donald Trump lookalike , Morgan Freeman acting about like James Bond 's Q , and a bunch of other good talent . That cast just wo n't let a movie go down the tubes.Except for Batman himself , this does n't look like a comic book movie , and I mean that in the best way possible . It opens on a grey and gritty prison , then turns into a Himalayan trek , then flirts with Ninja stuff before returning to Gotham . The fight scenes are good , but oddly indistinct . It 's not always clear who 's doing what to whom , but that 's even more effective than standard fight choreography - it reinforces the sense of Batman swooping in unseen on the bad guys , taking them down before they know they 've been hit.And Gotham City is good , too . It appears in earlier and later times , with a clear display of decay in between . It 's a good vision
 A friend of mine , that is a psychiatrist , suggested that I watch this film . At first I thought it an odd suggestion , for , we had previously discussed films , but he was adamant that I watch this one in particular.This movie not only filled in the background story with the Batman series ; it also touched me in a very personal and psychological fashion . I have my own `` issues '' as most people do.There are parts of this film that really and truly reach in and pull at your guts . How can an action film do this ? By tapping into many of our fears and displaying them in hard-to-ignore eye burning method . There were a few times that I was actually brought to tears watching this film.If you want more specifics you can read the 1500 or so other posts about Batman Begins . I however thoroughly enjoyed it and recommend it to everyone .
 You can tell the difference between the HD and the regular DVD when it goes to darker screens . HD color is much better than regular DVD and this makes a huge difference of movies like these . Highly recomended !!!
 Batman begins is by far one of the greatest Batman installments of all time . It puts a much more realistic face on Batman , where he came from , how he could realistically be Batman , etc. . Christian Bale was meant for the Batman role . It will be a sad day when they use someone else . Katie Holmes delivers a solid performance and helps to make this film great . I 'd recommend it top to bottom .
 Bruce Wayne 's parents are brutally murdered right before his eyes . He is only eight years old . His father holds his hand . His mother lay in her own blood beside them . His father 's dying words
 An intriguing setup for the next chapter , The Dark Knight , this is where you should start . Not as clownish as prvious treatments of the Batman story . This lays the foundation for the franchise . Loaded with special effects as one might guess and shot very darkly to exude an intense forbodding.Enjoyable and highly recommended .
 This movie was just so well done and awesome . The storyline too was very good .
 I 'm not a Batman fan but I enjoyed this movie a lot more than I thought I ever would . The movie has a good story and it fleshed out the main character better than I anticipated . I also like how they did n't use popular villains and still had an excellent story . This moody and thrilling film is something that I 'd recommend to both fans of the comics and newcomers alike.While the story is good , its not complex enough for me to give it a 5/5 . Nor is the action something to brag about .
 Christian Bale acts out the Dark Knight as a stoic ans strong individual.Totally glad they decided to do another film .
 If you are or know a Batman fan , buy them this blu ray special edition and watch them light up.Part of the love of Batman and comics in general is the art and the editions in the special edition set are really nice in that aspect.Year One is a cult classic in the telling of Batman , and there are alot of liberties taken in this film that die hard fans could raise an eyebrow at , but overall this movie is by far the best in the series.The origins of Batman were glossed over in the series prior to this and knowing more about the psyche of Bruce is key to understanding his alter ego.The only downside for me personally was Christian Bale 's Batman voice , it irritated me just a little , but that small detail did n't retract from really enjoying a batman film that finally , after all these years , did n't leave me disappointed.As far as blu-ray it looks amazing ; Im running this through a playstation 3 and it looked absolutely delicious . I bought this for my boyfriend who is a huge batman fan and he had a smile on his face for a week . I also enjoyed it , the Batman mythos always interested me.If you have n't picked up this film on blu-ray yet this limited edition gift set just gave you a reason to !
 Batman Begins is exactly what Batman should be . Realistic , gritty , and the story of how a man decides to dedicate his entire being to stop from happening to others what once happened to him . I applaud the choice of Nolan to use Ra 's as the villain , instead of just going with the usual Penguin or Catwoman or something that could easily be done . Ra 's is Batman 's greatest foe , and was done great justice in this film.I choose this film over The Dark Knight for one reason , really . The Dark Knight was a little TOO realistic . Batman is a comic book character , after all , and Gotham city is a fictional city , filled with fantastic villains as well as the normal real life problems that plague everyone else . In Batman Begins , the city of Gotham feels like it could be a real city , but it also gives you a view of twisted places like The Narrows that remind you of the fantastical portion of the story . The Dark Knight , on the other hand , just looks like it takes place in Chicago . I did n't get that fantasy feeling from it at all . I guess it is more just a personal preference , but I feel like Batman Begins had the perfect balance of reality and fantasy , without catering to either one more than it should.Both Nolan Batman movies are exactly what Batman should be , but I just feel that this one got it MORE right the first time .
 This movie is everything that all Batman fans would want and has more to grab new viewers -LRB- kind of like Casino Royale and JJ Abrams ' Start Trek -RRB- The only part I do n't like is when Gordon waves to Batman at the end ; -RRB-
 I love Batman Begins and upgraded to Blu-ray . It got here early and looks new . Thanks you guys are great !
 Watched Dark Knight Rises and decided we had to see all three in this series . Kids and I really enjoyed this movie ! It is a dark story with violence and I would be mindful of ages/maturity level of children before watching as a family .
 The dark knife trilogy is by far one of the best trilogy 's ever ! With great action and suspense these are must watch movies !
 Christian Bale is perfect casting call for Batman . Good storyline . I 'm just filling in the required amount of words here .
 This is what I would call a classic must see movie . It is a unique story line and the directing and acting was great !
 Love it . Great condition . I love watching this movie and having the trilogy . I would recommend this movie to family and friends .
 One of the best batman 's ever ! Kept me engaged the whole time . It was fun and suspenseful . Will watch it again .
 I 'm in the odd group of people who were not that into The Dark Knight . Christopher Nolan did Bruce Wayne very well . His Batman however , felt a little generic . It was n't bad , just far less interesting than his take on Bruce Wayne . Batman Begins has more Bruce Wayne than Batman , which is a very good thing for me . It depends really . What do you like more ? Bruce Wayne or Batman ?
 Actually I can not comment as this was a gift for my son . He did say he really liked the movie He asked for it for Christmas to complete his collection
 Great movie to start Nolan 's trilogy . Highly recommended . DVD arrived fast and I have no complaints about its condition.Included the amazon instant video also for those who can not wait until the dvd arrives .
 Had n't seen the movie . Wanted to catch up prior to seeing the latest at the theaters . I 'll buy the series as I was really impressed .
 Nolan brings a whole new level to superhero movies . Before this , there were no superhero movies that can make such a dramatic story and action like this movie . This is a movie that every superhero movie lovers must watch .
 This a great movie that really helps start the new better batman legacy ! I would recommend this movie before seeing any of the other titles in the series .
 I was not surprised that it was THIS AWESOME ! I loved the movie and I 'm excited to see the next ! I loved how Bruce Wayne became Batman and he did his part very well . Dr. Crane , who now he 'd rather be called `` Scarecrow '' , is the main villain , gives people drugs so that they see illusions of their fears . My only issue is , is that there always has to be some kind of inappropriate scene , but thankfully , it was just a short part . Aside from that , AWESOME MOVIE ! I 'd like to say that the movie itself is not really scary , it 's just very intense and I 'd advise children under the age of 13 should NOT watch this . If they can handle the violence , then by all means , it 's up to the parents . :-RRB- Best movie of the year and I got ta say this again ... A WOW movie ! : D
 I am a Dark Knight freak , and this is one of the best . The Trilogy from beginning to end is perfectly crafted , edited , and fit together thematically with no let down in quality . Thanks to the director and actors for a well done product .
 Batman Begins is an excellent movie that does an outstanding job of `` telling the story '' of how Bruce Wayne became Batman
 We had movie night at my sisters new place after i told her how great Dark Night Rises . too my surprise my little sis has never seen any of the new Dark Night series . This was a great time for all of us .
 This is an awesome DVD and a `` must have '' for any Batman fan ! The only thing that could have made this DVD any better is a commentary from director Christopher Nolan . The Special Features disc is loaded with cool features that really enhance your movie viewing experience .
 I ordered this movie used , but it did n't matter . It was in good condition and far less expensive than buying it new . A good movie , but I liked the 2nd one better . We 'll see what the 3rd one has to offer ...
 This is the second best super-hero movie of all time -LRB- # 1 goes to Dark Knight -RRB- and it definitely is more interesting in the realistic take on a fantasy genre , which is plausibly in the real gritty world . I especially liked them addressing what is IMO a plausible critique of Bruce Wayne
 I ordered this movie used , but it did n't matter . It was in good condition and far less expensive than buying it new . A good movie , but I liked the 2nd one better . We 'll see what the 3rd one has to offer ...
 A dramatic view into the beginnings of the caped crusader with all the cause and effect relationships well in place.Familiar faces of Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman appear alongside that of Liam Neeson , who plays the not-so-benign mentor of Bruce Wayne . Wayne or Batman must discover his villainous character sooner or later if Gotham City is to survive.The story ends with a casual introduction to the `` Joker '' -- an insight into what is to come.A most entertaining film for the entire family and especially for Batman fans .
 The Movie is excellent . I would recommend this film to my best friends to view . Christian Bale 's portrayal of The Batman was the best . Michael Caine 's portrayal of Alfred was very good .
 Great movie ! Love it ! Exciting , suspenseful , wonderful ! Highly recommend ! Could watch it over and over again . Great acting and graphics .
 This movie lays the foundation for The Dark Knight . If you do n't own it yet , shame on you ! On its own , this is a fine movie . It tends to get a bit comic booky in the third act , but overall it 's a great film .
 What a great movie . Blu-Ray is the way to go . I would not hesitate to purchase from this retailer again . I am very please with the purchase .
 i had never purchased a dvd online before , and was pleased to find out that it was not damaged in any way . : -RRB-
 I have always been a fan of superhero movies , and `` Batman Begins '' is one of them . As with many individuals , I look for the best deals which offer top quality products for minimal cost . Amazon.com offers its customers high quality products for great price . `` Batman Begins '' , the two-disc edition provides the viewer with a spectacular featured film , and also an enriching documentary concerning how the movie was made . I highly recommend this product .
 After the travesty that Joel Schumacher delivered with Batman & Robin , the future of Batman was unclear . I mean Batman & Robin is possibly the worst superhero film , and is one of the worst films ever made . Schumacher turned one of the best superheros into a joke . However Warner Brothers took a smart move and hired Christopher Nolan to helm this much needed reboot of the once great franchise . Nolan 's vision of Batman is one thats dark , atmospheric , gloomy and melancholic . He knows what makes Batman great , and he uses every trick he 's got to create the best Batman film since the Tim Burton days . Batman Begins starts the story , as you might have guessed at the beginning . The film chronicles the humble beginnings of how billionaire Bruce Wayne became a capped crusader . Christopher Nolan brings a renewed energy to the franchise . He is the perfect director to helm the reboot . Nolan 's vision is unmatched , and truly delivers a film of epic proportions . Not only that , the villains in the film are more realistic than the laughable villains in Batman & Robin . Sure the villains in Batman & Robin are part of the comic , but in Schumacher 's film they were given the crappy family friendly version of what a batman villain should be . Batman Begins erases the memory of Batman & Robin
 I liked Batman Begins because it gives an in-depth description of how batman became batman . I would reccomend it to anyone who likes comics .
 I mean , it 's a Blu Ray Movie . Shipping was fast , as it was from amazon . Movie was a great watch , and the quality was awesome as well . Cheapest price for the this product is here , as far as I know . Recommended .
 Quality was good in HD But after watching halfway it froze and had to watch it in normal . . had to stop it and go back so I could watch it in HD
 The Dark Knight was actually the first of the three batmen movies I saw of this trilogy back in 2008 when it was on dvd/blu-ray . I watched this the day The Dark Knight Rises was released and was not let down . This movie was great , had a good story behind it and never had a boring moment .
 I love the story very close to the comic book . I like the price I paid for it . It is a good buy .
 I 'm a big fan of Batman . With that being said , YES I LOVE THIS MOVIE !!! I loved Tim Burton 's version , but this one was an excellent evolution of the franchise . Acting was on par . Action was on par . What more could you want ?
 A real super hero movie , real man with no super powers !!! Great beginning to an amazing trilogy !! Swear to me !!!
 I 'm a big Batman fan and the Dark Knight Trilogy . I really appreciate how Christopher Nolan works in so many of the important elements of who Bruce Wayne , Batman , and related characters are and how they came to be .
 This could have only been better if they had included a digital copy to the purchase . They have digital copy available through vudu for the last movie only and that kinda sucked .
 This is one video that any Rod Stewart fan should own a copy of . It is Rod at his absolute finest . Excellent concert footage combined with entertaining interviews make this video one that you enjoy watching over and over again -- you never can get enough !!!
 I saw many concert of Rod Stewart on video and it 's definitely the best concert of Rod Stewart on tape . When the DVD version ?
 Bad acting , crappy dialog , guns , explosions , men on fire , etc. , etc. , etc. . All staples of a low budget action flick . Despite all of this , I always have fun watching `` Laser Mission '' -LRB- sometimes called `` Soldier of Fortune '' -RRB- which stars Brandon Lee -LRB- son of Bruce Lee -RRB- . Brandon plays Michael Gold , a mercenary hired to persuade a Dr. Braun -LRB- Ernest Borgnine -RRB- to defect to the U.S. and then must rescue the Dr. from the clutches of the KGB . Gold must team up with the professors `` daughter '' -LRB- Debi Monahan -RRB- , cross a desert , dogde bullets , and fight the bad guys . A very fun and unintentionally funny film . `` The Real Bruce Lee '' is a documentary about , who else , Bruce Lee -LRB- Brandon 's daddy -RRB- . The first half hour contains some clip from the very first four movies Bruce acted in -LRB- Kid Cheung , Bad Boy , The Carnival and Orphan Sam -RRB- . The picture quality of these clips is not that great -LRB- sepia toned and grainy -RRB- , but it is very interesting to see young Bruce on film -LRB- one clip even has Bruce and his father in the same scene -RRB- . The rest of the film contains a highlight reel of Bruce Lee imitator Bruce Li and then a film starring another imitator called Dragon Lee . This is an interesting documentary , but more about Bruce and less about his copy-cats would have been nice.The picture quality on this double feature is not that great . The edges of the films are cut off and there seems to be a fuzz over the picture . What can you expect from a cheap double feature ? I give this DVD a four star rating because , like I said , I have fun watching `` Laser Mission '' and find the documentary interesting . Plus I only had to pay a dollar for over three hours of entertainment . If you are a fan of either Bruce Lee or his son , Brandon Lee , I highly suggest getting this cheap double feature .
 A story well told and well acted . I am very curious why some portions of the movie were clipped out of the DVD verions , which I bought recently . In 1991 , when I first saw the movie , there were scenes with hybrid humans seen . But the DVD version I bought is missing this and who knows what else .
 All in all , I have to say that I enjoy this movie very much . I first saw it when I was very young -LRB- right after it came out -RRB- and it got to me just as much then as it does now.I will admit however that to a person who is n't into the UFO phenomena it might not make a lot of sense . Being very big into the paranormal myself -LRB- practically my whole life -RRB- , I will say that it even took me a while to fully understand what was going on in this movie . Ultimately however at the end there is n't much that can or ca n't be proven as no one can really claim to know the full truth -LRB- at least that I know of :-RRB- -RRB- . Altogether I give this a 4 out of 5 stars . If you 're into the UFO phenomenon , you 'll probably enjoy it . If you 're not , it 's still a fun movie to sit down to on a friday night with some popcorn and have a few thrills .
 The thing about this video is that its based on true accounts - it 's not meant to be some truely entertaining , glitzy sci-fi . Some of the special effects might seem a bit way out there , but so were the events that took place and the effect on the Striebers.I found it described the kind of mental challenge the abduction experience puts forward , how hard it is to deal with let alone understand . I see the DVD as a personal account of how one family deals with the experience - now that I 've seen the DVD , I want to read all the books , Communion , Confirmation & Breakthrough etc.One thing people should have picked up is that this is n't any kind of rehashed grey alien story , nor is it over sensationalised . One thing I realy liked about the fact it was based on a true story ? You can visit unknowncountry.com and find out how Whitley has dealt with his experiences and what his concerns are for all of us .
 Forget about whether Whitley Strieber is pulling everyone 's leg -LRB- Big City family abducted by aliens at Upstate New York vacation home and the aftermath -RRB- and do n't expect Independence Day or The X-Files , and you 'll find yourself watching a fine movie . I 'm about the last person who wants to talk about subtext and the lot with movies -LRB- I 'm all for entertainment -RRB- , but you ca n't miss some interesting ideas about creativity , family bonds , and the fact that close people can share almost the same experience and come away with something different -LRB- much like movie audiences -RRB- . Anyway , if you miss all that , there 's still the great Christopher Walken -LRB- yes , he manages to throw in a dance step or two here -RRB- , a terrific supporting cast , and one of the most haunting musical themes in a movie -LRB- care of Eric Clapton -RRB- . I 've rewatched the end titles quite a few times just to hear this memorable piece.The DVD extras are all interesting and worth your time . Recommended to all , essential viewing for Walken fans .
 Spielberg 's Close Encounters of the Third Kind is totally child 's play compared to the movie adaptation of Whitley Strieber 's communion , as far as scary UFO movies are concerned . Simply because Close Encounters was totally fictional , and Communion is allegedly not , based on Whitley Strieber 's alien abduction right after the Christmas holiday in 1985 . Apparently before the book Communion hit the market , Strieber was a struggling author -LRB- my mother , while being an avid reader , never heard of the guy until Communion -RRB- . I have never been so creeped out in my life until I watched Communion . In fact I was having such a difficult time sleeping because this movie was allegedly not fiction . I was actually scared that I might get abducted myself . No horror film , no slasher flick , nothing that I have seen comes even close to being as creepy as Communion . I have not read the book , although I have heard Whitley Strieber speak of his alien encounters like on Art Bell 's radio program . If you like movies based on supposed real life alien abductions like The UFO Incident -LRB- about Betty & Barney Hill 's abduction -RRB- or Fire in the Sky -LRB- about Travis Walton 's abduction -RRB- , you 're sure to like this one .
 This movie makes a person consider the subject of Alien contact . I thought some of the alien depictions needed to be more realistic , but it showed real human emotion in the various situations that were presented in the story and the actors did preform their parts well .
 The basic Amazon editorial review says that this film is more about resistance and surrender to transformation - How very very true ! Yet the way its done , and done so well in this independent production , sets the mark for cool and weird in alien abduction fare . The characters were very entertaining , even though my own life style and personal preferrences , are a far cry from the urban chic presented here . The humor is built into the very soul of this movie . Its not going to hit you over the head with laughs but if you get it - its viseral . I mean to tell you that this is the film that put the concept of the alien anal probe into the blue collar gossip vocabulary . But so much for high culture , I really enjoyed the movies resolution of the protagonist exsistential trama , -LRB- the result of the earlier abduction -RRB- This ending was kind of a wacky joy ride reminiscent of the series finale of the old Prisoner TV series , Its not going to appeal to everyone ,
 In this story Christopher Walken is a constant refreshing breeze in the mountains . Thank you very , very much for this experience .
 i thought it was a great movie so well played out and i have not seen a great movie like that in a long time but then again i like this kind of crap and no one really makes good ones any more like they use too so if ur thinking of buying it i tell u to its one of theses movies that u can watch a lot of times and never get sick of it
 I first saw this movie as a child and it scared me . The effects are few and low-budget but Christopher Walken pulls off a good psychologically disturbed performance . There are moments in the movie where it gets surreal . Overall it is clean enough to watch with children , not big on violence but big on suspense . It is an older movie so if you prefer big action shooters you may need to look elsewhere this is strictly a mental adventure .
 He was very happy with it ! He is really into alien history and reads lots of novels by Zeceriah Setchin , I would recommend this movie to anyone that is into those kinds of things . There 's also a book adaptation !
 Communion is a terrifically atmospheric sci-fi that scared the wits out of me . I found the scene in the woods with the lights to be all too familiar . I heard that Walken was and is a total non-believer . He 's sure a great actor . When he was scared trick or treating I jumped out of my skin . Needless to say , I highly recommended this alien abduction movie that 's based on the alleged true recollections of Whitley Strieber . Watch it and see if it rings any bells .
 This is THE classic alien abduction movie . I remember while in High School a friend who actually believes in flying saucers dragged us all to see this in the theater . I was scared out of my pants the first half of the movie as Walken freaks out and keeps seeing aliens peeking around his bedroom door . Then latter we get to actually see the aliens , -LRB- rubber muppets on strings -RRB- and we get THE famous `` anal probe '' scene that was spoofed in the pilot of South Park . Anyone who loves a good horror flick , alien abductions , or creepy preformances by Christopher Walken ... This movie has all three . A highly recommended 80 's B movie .
 ... watching Walken & Crouse is worth the price of the disc alonehonorable mention to the kid and the ` lil blu guys '' ... you know how these things go ... but all I can say is that Im glad this is not my bedroom ... so anyway , try to have a good night ... OK ? `` Interestingly I have a 2004 105 min version PAL from Germany -LSB- Die Besucher -RSB- - is cut differentlyand because of PAL 5 % speedup that would mean the film would be about 110 min in NTSC land
 The movie closely follows the book some say its a hoax a lie or imagination.I say lets find out great story 80 's dated style but an overall bizarre account
 What an absolutely thought-provoking movie ... period . Whitley Strieber 's euphoric experiences shapes our lives in ways that we could never have imagined . Movies are almost always difficult to be made and expressed in the same way as are books , but the awesome Christopher Walken pieces it together in the most brilliant way . His acting is superb . To see Christopher Walken portray the full range of emotions that overtakes an abductee such as Whitley Striber is to see his greatest acting skills ever!Make no doubt about it , Communion brings forth to the attention of everybody watching it , the fundamental questions of life that we have all been looking for .
 One of my fav Chris Walken movies , Communion . Not a typical sci-fi or alien movie by any means but the kind I like . Based on supposed true alien encounters , but not promising to be real as the case with this new crap like The Fourth Kind . One of the last true great alien films of the 80s/90s era . The only other alien film I really enjoy besides this one is Fire In The Sky which goes along similar lines as this film . The story of a man who is abducted by aliens but has n't realized/come to terms with it until he uncovers this truth in psycho analysis . A true wonder and definitely a defining role for Chris Walken .
 From Whitley Strieber 's non-fictional alien abduction tale , Communion , Christopher Walken is called upon to portray visually this unbelievable and awesome account of a man confronted by other-world beings . The best-selling book was hard to put down for me so when I saw a box cover in the video store w / an alien face and the word Communion on it I thought , `` oh great , another Fire in the Sky hollywood flop . '' Contrary to my first reaction , I pulled the cover off the shelf and snatched the tape behind it to take home and `` examine '' . Later that night , to my surprise I was on the edge of my seat watching this movie , as I did with the book , feeling very surprised and impressed . First of all , without the presence of the highly acclaimed Christopher Walken , the movie would have been , for lack of a better term , nothing . His role is the central character and author of the story Whitley Strieber but his mannerisms and personality are that of ... himself !! That 's what makes the movie so interesting , a larger than life actor is playing the lead role in a larger than life story and it works to make a great film . Not to mention the fact that the soundtrack is a swirl of soft emotional violins contrasted by echoing guitars played by none other than the legendary Eric Clapton . It 's some of his finest guitar work in my opinion . So in closing , if you 're tired of big predictable blockbusters and you 're looking for a good movie about a fantastic experience and a very unpredictable plot line , Communion is the film to see . If you like independent movies -LRB- Reservoir Dogs , Blair Witch , etc. -RRB- with big actors , pick up Communion today !
 Whilst it is impossible for a film to emulate the deposit of information contained within a book , people seem to forget the disparity between the two mediums when writing reviews . Therefor i believe many of the reviews i have read thus far are inaccurate , as any comparison to the book immediately renders them . What the film version does maintain , without question is the feeling that pervades the book.The sense of a constantly eerie presence that is communicating from between the lines of the author/character , through him , using him and his medium as a host . The different mediums of the book and the film versions create a body of experience together , so that one should not be taken in without the other , as the book is absorbed through the left brain orifice , whilst the film 's elaborate images are received through the right brain channel , thus equally affecting the imagination by different means , thereby bridging the hemispheres.An atmospheric journey through the cosmic conspiracy of the human mind , and the red herring of visitors from afar , communion provides many moments of mystical strangitude , continuing the path the book began . For those of you who seek exposition , definitely pick up the book and absorbe every line of information through your third eye . There are some minor differences , such as the hynotist in the film being a female , and the presence of budd hopkins nowhere to be found here , but these were probably cinematic decisions made on the spur of the moment , to keep the focus on the elucidation of the experience Strieber is going through .
 I have to say Communion has to be one of my most favoirte movies . Christopher Walken is a great actor and he made this movie both funny and scary at the same time . I used to watch this movie when I was a kid . It was like a movie I have never seen before . Everytime I watch it I learn something else . The music is really good too which they play in the beginning and at the end of the movie . Whitley Streiber the character Chris Walken plays in many ways is alot like me . I understand the difficulty of being an author and how hard it is if you 're work is earsed . But like what he said in the movie , '' It happened for a reason . '' I think the aliens wanted him to write that story about them . What is even more fascinating is that this is actually based on a true story . I own the book and the movie . Both in my opinoin are excellent . I ca n't describe in words what this movie has done for me . I must say when I was younger , I was a bit afraid of the movie . The thought of aliens coming down and taking me away to some unknown place was very scary . The scene I could never forget was the part where Whitley was sitting up in his chair and seen the wierd alien peak at him from the bookshelf . When I was a kid I was afraid of something being behind my bookshelf as well . I love the relationship Christopher Walken shared with his son . You 'd never thought he could play such a loving father after playing in the movie `` At Close Range '' Communion is a movie you could bring over to a friends house and watch over and over . I ca n't count the times I have seen this movie . Now that I own it , I can watch it everynight if I wanted to . A wonderful and absorbng novel and movie !
 Great film . Walken is the only person who could have played this guy so genuinely . In my view , this is the weirdest , most convincing alien abduction film out there . Unsetling , yes . Go see it because it asks more questions than it answers , which is why we like these films , correct ?
 Communion is guaranteed to freak you out , regardless of your extraterrestrial beliefs . Walken is perfectly cast as author Whitley Streiber -LRB- Wolfen -RRB- , who is abducted and experimented by alien beings . Did it happen ? You wo n't care as you 're sucked into a well crafted intelligent thriller .
 The movie was n't as scary to watch as it was the first time I saw it two decades ago . But Christopher Walken is so perfectly cast as Whitley Strieber -LRB- author of the book and victim of the alien abduction -RRB- that I 'll keep the DVD as a `` Walken classic ! '' He 's so unique , and such a hoot . The movie is interesting too .
 A TRUELY CREEPY film starring the wonderful Christopher Walken.But after reading the book DMT
 This was a great movie ; and introduced the dynamic acting of Christopher Walken to me . It also scared the you-know-what out of me . I must have seen this movie a dozen times and still get scared each time . If you 've ever had even a remotely similar experience as what is depicted in this movie , you 'll be leaving the lights on at bedtime guaranteed .
 DREADFUL DVD AND SOUND ... -LSB- shame ! -RSB- BUT AN ABSOLUTELY ` MUST HAVE ' . WALKEN IS SUPERB AS THE MULTIFRACTURED HERO ... quite a tour-de-force and this one is very very chilling since you 're -LSB- the watcher -RSB- never quite sure whether we 're in Kansas or not . Last year 's `` Signs '' brushes along similar lines - except this one is invasive ... . did they or did n't they ... and are they here or not ???? DYNAMITE CAST includes the special Lindsay Crouse as Spouse , and Frances Sternhagen as the very perplexed psyc . `` Dreamcatcher '' is another clone ... but this one -LSB- if it can -RSB- makes more sense.WELL WORTH HAVING ... . those chilly New York night time shots and that cabin -LSB- sister dwelling to Amityville ... -RSB- NOW , just click your Alien ... . there 's no place like ... ? -LCB- Nicholas Roeg 's `` Do n't Look Now '' makes a terif . double-bill - something different , but also very creepy ~ then there 's `` The Comfort of Strangers '' ... . another Walken triumph ! -RSB-
 offbeat , thought provoking , weird , best of all , walkens million dollar facial expressions . : -RRB-
 How do you take a book as psychologically nuanced and sublte as Whitley Streiber 's ` Communion ' and translate it into a successful film ? Judging by the reception it received in theaters across America upon its '89 release and again by the numerous negative reviews here on Amazon.com the answer appears to be you do n't . I guess I 'll have to disagree with the majority consensus . In my opinion director Philipe Mora has done an admirable job in visualizing Mr. Streiber 's disquieting , otherwordly visions , providing us with a disturbing glimpse into the world of UFO 's and their occupants.Much of the disappointment and animosity expressed towards this film is due to the ambigious nature of the UFO phenomenon and the directors insistence on leaving it that way . To try and pin down or label psychic experiences is to lose forever the essence of these primal encounters . In such matters we can only ask the questions fully knowing we will never receive the final , definitive answer . Are they from outer space , or someplace much closer to home ? It is left for the viewer to decide .
 I bought this movie for my 13th birthday , even though I 've already rented it 24 times before . I 've seen it on TV 3 times . I have seen this movie a total of 67 times , and still watching it . I read the book , too . I think Chris Walken , Lindsay Crouse , and the little kid , Joel Carson , were excellant . I loved everything about this movie , especially the main theme by Eric Clapton . That was my favorite part . The one draw back was they needed to fix the little aliens in the blue suits . They were a little cheap looking . Other than that , I have no problems , I reccomnend this movie to anyone who believes in the paranormal , and I suggest it to people who like fine cinema .
 Christopher Walken is scarier than the aliens , but the film manages to stir up some creepy paranoia at times . The scenes aboard the spaceship -LRB- or whatever it was -RRB- were a little weak , but in the cabin and in that long spooky school hallway were well done .
 This is a movie about the true abduction experience of Whitley Strieber and his family at his upstate New York cabin . This is a really good dramatization of his experiences . Anyone interested in the subject of UFOs should have a copy in his collection . Highly Recommended !
 Nothing to do 100 cartwheels over , but a reasonably enjoyable film . Lindsay Crouse plays such strong-willed career women , and it was interesting to see her as an everyday housewife .
 As most film adaptations of great novels go , this could have been better . There were a few pieces missing that I felt were very important in the book . This movie was more about the effect on the family and just what happened to Whitely.I will say though that Christopher Walken was a great choice . His reactions to the `` visitors '' are just classic .
 Christopher Walken is indeed well-cast for this adaptation of Whitley Strieber 's book . But for -LRB- probable -RRB- abductees like myself , this is one of the most frightening movies you will ever see . I also believe this video will help others understand that they are not in this terrifying situation alone , that tens or hundreds of thousands of people have had similar experiences . The hair on the back of my neck still rises every time I think about the closet scene ! `` I see you ! ''
 Do n't expect large-scale entertainment from this one , and do n't expect definitive answers regarding aliens . The attractions here are low-key but satisfying . That 's it 's a ` true story ' -LRB- however you wish to interpret that -RRB- gives it an element of spookiness . Christopher Walken is delicious to watch in anything . Eric Clapton provided the coolly elegant theme music . All the performances are good . I 've watched it several times and it 's begun to feel like an old friend , being more soothing than harrowing . Not a lot happens -LRB- or does it ? -RRB- , but the creepiness is pervasive and realistic . I 'm only mildly interested in the alien abduction phenomena but this does give an interesting portrayal of ... something .
 When you get an exercise video , you 're never quite sure if it 's going to be used once or twice and then just collect dust on your video shelf or if it 's one you will use over and over again . The Donna Richardson 4-Day Rotation Workout is one you 'll use over and over -- I promise ! She focuses on upper body , hips and thighs , buns and abs , each within 15 minutes . -LRB- You can certainly do more than one segment per day if you 're so inclined ! -RRB- This includes warm-ups and cool-downs . It 's a do-able workout and in 15 minutes you 'll feel like you did something good for yourself . She also emphasises correct form/posture/breathing for doing each exercise which is very important , too . If you 're interested in toning your body and spending 15 minutes a day to do it , I recommend this video .
 definitely a keeper . My VCR ate my first video and I 'm just shopping for the same one new ! This is a great workout . And in only 15 minutes a day , you 'll see results in a couple of weeks !!
 This is a great video for people who use the excuse `` I do n't have time to workout '' . Fifteen minutes a day does it with Donna Richardson 's `` Four Day Rotation '' . She is a great instructor . She 's informative without being annoying and cutesy ! This video is defintely worth the money .
 This workout video has been a lifesaver for me , a Mom who works full time and goes to graduate school . Although I 'm not a beginner , I find the workouts challenging . I ca n't believe each segment is only 15 minutes long ! Just one workout gets me huffing , puffing , and sweating -- which means it has some aerobic benefits , too . I particularly enjoy the dance-like movements . I easily get bored with repetitive exercise , so these short but varied workouts keep me motivated and interested . At last , an effective but fast workout !
 I agree with the reviewer who wished to edit out the comments of the workout partners . Donna is upbeat enough -- she does n't need two annoying personalities cheering behind her -LRB- I swear , sometimes Donna seems annoyed too , but maybe I 'm projecting -RRB- . Nevertheless , these 4 workouts are very efficient , and each has its own warm up and cool down fit into the 15 minutes . I recently got a lot of new tapes for variety , and I now appreciate Donna 's workouts even more .
 Wow ! Just got this and it is great . I do n't like a lot of exercise videos because some of the instructors tend to be goofy , flighty and overly bubbly . Or the instructors that have you do ridiculous routines such as that `` turkey dance '' in Jane Fonda 's tape . -LRB- Oh puh-leeze ! -RRB- It drives me nuts and the tapes sit on the shelf . Donna 's style is perfect for me . She is friendly but not overbearing . She is serious about the exercises but she seems to have a lot of fun doing the workouts . She reminds of the proper form and breathing which is very helpful for me . I did three of the four workouts tonight and they were challenging but very do-able even for a beginner . As my legs get stronger I 'll pop on my ankle weights to make this even more of a challenge . I 'm thinking I 'll be feeling it tomorrow . That 's a good thing ! Buy this tape . You wo n't be disappointed in my opinion .
 With only fifteen minutes to spare anyone can exercise . Donna does a great job of giving you a really good workout . Her high energy is catchy . Only thing I did not like about this video were the annoying comments from the two women exercising with Donna .
 I have tried lots of other workout tapes but hers are the best . Her routines are fun and NOT BORING like most . She switches things around and keeps you on your toes , so you feel interested and challenged the whole time . I love the format of the 4 day rotation because I rarely have time to spend more than 15-20 minutes a day working out . This is a godsend .
 Donna really gets you working . You can do only one 15 minute segment if that 's all the time you have , but you will know you worked out . The exercises are very effective and easy to do .
 Donna Richardson is so clear and precise with her directions and movements in this video that you start to memorize the routines and you can do them with your eyes closed .
 Even when i dont feel like working out i do because i remember how quick it is and makes me break a sweat , when i started i was sore for a a couple of days but i enjoy it , and can do this for life now all i need is a quick cardio
 Donna Richardson is one of my favorite aerobic instructors and I received an email from the seller on December 21 , 2006 confirming my correct mailing address . I was very pleased , impressed and quite satisfied , because the seller handled my order with such promptness and on December 23 , 2006 I received my tape . Keep up the good customer service .
 This was a pretty effective exercise video . The routines on this video are realistic to follow .
 I 've been a fan of the Donna Richardson step and awesome abs video and was very pleased with the 4-day rotation video . I work full time plus have 2-young kids so the 15-minute work-outs are great for me . The only thing negative I have to say is that at times Donna and the two friends seemed to be talking simultaneously which was irritating and made it hard to understand Donna . Also , participants in the video should be aware that users will have to hear what they say over and over again -- So I really find it irritating when one of the friend says , ` Now we 're cooking ' in a particulary annoying voice -- I 'd give anything to delete that !! However , all in all , a great video .
 February , 2003This is an excellent toning video . Donna provides very specific , comprehensive workout routines that quickly and effectively tone all the problem areas of the body -- arms , abs , buttocks , and thighs . The exercises are intermediate level , including warm-ups and cool down exercises all in a flexible format that allows you to focus on any part of the body you choose in a variety of different ways . I use this video everyday and alternate it with either one of Donna 's `` 30 Days to Firmer Arms and Abs '' or `` 30 Days to Firmer Thighs '' . That way I get a complete workout everyday along with the fat burning exercises offered in the 30-day videos . If you use these , you will lose weight quickly and safely .
 This is a great video !! It was easy to learn and very effective . It has gotten me motivated to start doing other exercise . Thanks Donna !!
 Love it ! I am a busy wife and mother of 2 . I can fit the 15 minute routine into my schedule . If time allows , I can do more than one segment . I have given several copies as gifts .
 Finally a workout I can do in the morning , even after I sleep in . 15 minutes a day and you rotate your workouts so it 's not boring . I recommend it for the easily bored , and/or over scheduled excerciser .
 This video is great for people who have busy schedules , because Ms. Richardson provides four 15-minute workouts that can be done in combination or in rotation throughout the week . She is easy to follow and chooses effective exercises .
 This is a very effective workout video by my favorite instructor . I have all of her videos -LRB- except Step & Awesome Abs , because I do n't have a step . -RRB- There are 4 segments , each around 15 minutes in length . They all have their own warm-up , stretch & cool-down . Her video Donna-Mite came out at the same time as this , & would be a good choice to do before this one.The 1st part is arms . This segment is all standing , although you go into a lunge position for a few moves.Part 2 is the thigh workout -LRB- the best segment , in my opinion . -RRB- It 's divided into standing squat & lunge moves , then moves on to floorwork , which consists of inner & outer-thigh raises.Next comes probably the most challenging part of the video , butt & hamstrings . Just like the thigh segment , it starts off with standing moves . You 'll need balance for these , so a chair would be helpful if needed . Then , just like the thigh segment , it moves on to floorwork , but instead of laying on your side , you 're on your hands & knees toning your butt & hamstrings . It can get tiring , because I have long legs , so it 's hard to keep it going , but of course it 's okay to rest.Finally , abs & waist . It 's a great segment , & feels good to lie down after all that standing & balancing in the previous 2 segments . She mixes traditional moves with some new variations making for a complete mid-section workout.Donna is a master at cuing , but since this is a slower-paced toning video her skills at that are n't quite as noticeable . 4-Day Rotation is a must have to tone your body , & do n't forget to check-out her funky aerobics videos too !
 This is a great workout for all levels . Beginners can start with no weights , intermediates can go for small weights and as you progress you can add ankle weights and heavier dumbells . You can break the video up into 1 segment a day or do any combination . Its great because each segment has it 's own warm-up and cool down . I recommend this video because she is a great instructor and very motivating .
 I really enjoy this video ... it works all the muscle groups and is challenging but easy to follow . Donna lets you know when she is changing exercises ... the best part is that it is broken down into four 15 min . segments , each with its own warm up and cool down . Great for the busy person . The arms section with weights is difficult and makes you sweat ! The ab work is hard but fun ... the buns is the most difficult section - feel the burn !!
 Donna Richardson is the best part of this tape -- she 's down-to - Earth , motivating , and her cueing is impeccable . You always know when a change is coming because she tells you ! There are 4 15-minute segments
 I really like this tape . I have lots of other tapes but this one is great . She does n't fool around and keeps you going to have a great workout in 15 min . I like the fact to that you can hear the music . Some tapes turn the music down so low you have a hard time keep going . But not this one . If you have little time then this is the one . A good workout with little time . She also does warm-ups for each section which is great . Other tapes only do one warm-up & you got ta think up your own . I recommend this to anyone .
 Four really great and more importantly , different workouts . Keep your workouts fun ! You can do all 4 in a day or as a supplement to a particular workout that may have focused on a different area . Each workout lasts for about 15 minutes so the tape offers wonderful flexibility !
 I use this video consistently and find it hard to beat for quick , effective , to-the-point shaping and toning . Donna and her two instructors are upbeat and keep the mood light . The exercises are simple and efficient ; after each 15-minute segment you feel you 've gotten a thorough workout on the specific body area targeted . I like being able to choose which workout I need for a specific day . It 's easy for me to fit 15 minutes of toning into my day ; I use these segments in conjunction with other toning tapes or my treadmill workout . I highly recommend this one !
 This vdieo consists of four separate 15-minute workouts -- arms/shoulders , hips/thighs , buttocks , and abs -- each with its own brief warm-up and cool-down . The upper body section contains traditional exercises for each of the major muscle groups , while the hips & thighs section adds some unique twists to the usual squats and lunges . The buttocks program is tough , and I especially liked the abs section , which again contains unique variations of traditional moves . Donna is an enthusiastic instructor who sometimes goes a little over-the-top , but mostly , she acts as a motivating workout buddy . She has two background exercisers , and it 's nice to see that they have varied body types . This video would be very appropriate for beginners using light weights or more experienced exercisers using heavier weights ; it 's perfect for virtually anyone looking to incorporate short strength workouts into their fitness schedule .
 Say what you want but Donna Richardson is a great motivator , great instructor and the exercises work ! This four day rotation isall a person needs when they are looking to supplement their fitness routine or are looking for a quick workout on those busy -LRB- or lazy -RRB- days.There are four sections -LRB- abs , buns , arms and thighs -RRB- each section has its own warm-up and cool down and traditional exercise routines that will effectively tone each body part.Donna is full of energy always encouraging anmd motivating you and she has such a down to earth feel that the exercises are not even a chore.This is an excellent video to add to your library and is worth every penny .
 In the second half of Season Six we continue to slip away from the early film noir feeling of this series , and more into a sixties flavor . The acting and writing are not at their peak . But Perry Mason is a great show no matter what . Here are the episodes :1 . The Case of the Prankish Professor2 . The Case of Constant Doyle - Bette Davis filling in for an absent Raymond Burr -LRB- who makes a short appearance on the phone , in his bathrobe -RRB- 3 . The Case of the Libelous Locked - Michael Rennie filling in for Raymond Burr4 . The Case of the Two-Faces Turn-a-bout - Hugh O'Brien filling in5 . The Case of the Surplus Suitor - Walter Pidgeon filling in6 . The Case of the Golden Oranges - Perry is back ! 7 . The Case of the Lawful Lazarus8 . The Case of the Velvet Claws9 . The Case of the Lover 's Leap10 . The Case of the Elusive Element11 . The Case of the Greek Goddess12 . The Case of the Skeleton 's Closet13 . The Case of the Potted Planter14 . The Case of the Witless Witness
 Bette Davis , Michael Rennie , Hugh O'Brien ... in early 1963 these were big stars . So with Perry -LRB- Raymond Burr -RRB- recuperating from some illness , the gang at Paisano Productions spared no expense getting credible substitutes for the ailing star . Actually , and to my surprise , it worked.In the Case of Constant Doyle , one of only three episodes not titled `` Case of the '' with the `` the '' underlined , Bette Davis stars as the widow and law partner of a great lawyer who undertakes to represent a young man accused of , what else , murder . Better yet the murder is connected to one of her husbands old clients . The CEO gives sage advice like , there are opportunities for women lawyers in divorces and juvenile justice . Bette , a veritable Portia , tears up the prosecution as neatly as Perry ever did , undoubtably causing young girls of the sixties to wonder if there could be life at the bar for them . Consider that when I entered law school in 1972 we had 9 women in a class of 200 , yet by the time I left three years later the entering class was 35 % female . Many of us were there because of Perry which makes the Bette Davis episode intriguing.Michael Rennie , the space man fromThe Day the Earth Stood Stilltakes over a case where one of the suspects could be a `` Martian nine feet tall . '' Do n't tell me the writers did n't have fun with that line . Hugh O'Brien plays Bruce Jason , an OSS operative implicated in an assassination plot but nonetheless defending the accused . The foreign actors , hired for the shoot , marvelously overacted like they were still doing war-era B movies . O'Brien , for his part , was familiar to all TV viewers of the time as the star ofLife & Legend of Wyatt Earp.As good as these interludes are , Perry does return for his courtroom heroics , and the bathrobe cameos are soon forgotten . This set however is a tribute to the producers and writers of the best lawyer show of the 20th century .
 Number one on preorder . This should tell the powers that be , we want good clean shows to watch . Perry Mason has drama , suspence , and good acting . It does not have nudity , swearing or just plain blowing up things to fill in the space . Give us more of the old shows and we will buy them .
 Enjoyed watching the show when it first aired ontelevision : it 's just as good now and the sound andpicture quality is exceptional .
 As a Perry Mason fan wanted to have the collection and have truly enjoyed these dvds . They never get old and the quality is excellent
 This series has always been a favorite of mine . I saw them when they first came out ; I saw them as re-runs ; and I now see them on DVD . Raymond Purr is my cat Edgar 's favorite . He loves sitting in my lap to watch the courtroom dramas unfold . He had a particular complaint about this set , though . The first few episodes do not show Mason at all . The defense attorneys are played by famous `` guest stars . '' Otherwise , these are most enjoyable , although it is obvious that whoever put this show together knew very little about actual courtroom procedure . Today I enjoy them as a kind of time capsule - a remote view of the late 50 's and early ' 60 's and the kind of society that existed , so different from our current one , such a short time ago .
 I have always been a fan of Perry Mason , even as a youngster . My only real complaint about this series is the plodding releases of each season . We are up to Season 7 , which I assume will be released sometime this year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . For some reason , CBS does not seem to be really interested in fan requests to speed up the release of the remaining seasons . Perhaps Amazon will be able to identify a release date for the next set -LRB- Season 7 , Volume 1 ; and Season 7 , Volume 2 -RRB- .
 i love the perry mason disc brings back old time 's when me and my mother use to watch them she pass away 20 year 's ago that 's the only thing that make 's me sad she ca n't enjoy them with me .
 This is a wonderful series that has great shows . Its a shame that the producers do n't make them more often and are dragging out the process .
 This package arrived on time and without damage . Four of the episodes on the first DVD took place while Raymond Burr was either in the hospital for surgery or at home recovering from the surgery so there are replacement actors for him . It 's really hard to fill Raymond Burr 's shoes as Perry Mason so while good the episodes are n't at the same level as those with Raymond Burr . Remember though only four of the episodes are like this - all the rest have Mr. Burr and Mr. Burr makes a couple appearances even a few of the four with people standing in for him . My only complaint - I wish they 'd release the entire series !
 I love the Perry Mason series so I would buy the set anyway but you should know that in several of the episodes Perry is in the hospital and stars are brought in to replace him . Otherwise I love the season 6 set .
 I grew up watching Perry Mason and really enjoy the show . I rated this one 4 stars instead of 5 , only because there were 4 episodes where they had `` guest '' lawyers . Raymond Burr had been in the hospital so they had to work around him . But since there are only 14 episodes on this DVD , that 's a lot of missing `` Perry Mason '' . I like the show because of Perry Mason , not `` guest lawyers '' .
 Perry Mason has always been the number one lawyer on TV and in my book he still is . I love watching him and Della Street in these old TV shows . It brings back a lot of fond memories of home on Saturday night .
 Perry Mason Season 6 Volume 2 is fantastic and the wait for the next Season seems a long one . Beautifully restored disc and is giving great pleasure . Roll on the rest of the `` Seasons ''
 We enjoy watching Perry Mason DVD 's . The entertainment is excellent , including the old cars . The quality is good , too . We will purchase other seasons .
 Best of the lawyer shows television produced for broadcast , Perry Mason Season 6 vol 2 expands the Paramount season series with this selection of shows from ' 62 - '63 and among the programs in this set includes guest stars such as Michael Rennie , Bette Davis , Walter Pigeon and Hugh O'brien trying their talents as members of the bar association while Perry Mason -LRB- Raymond Burr -RRB- languishes for some unknown reason in the hospital , leaving his prowess of protecting and defending accused murders to those four stars stepping in to support his legal office and keep Della Street -LRB- Barbara Hale -RRB- and Paul Drake -LRB- William Hopper -RRB- employed . As always William Talman 's lurking somewhere in background trying to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory against Mason and his conrades . It 's Perry Mason at his best , a favorite TV series and best of the best lawyer shows .
 Loved this series when I was very young with pleasant memories . Wanted to get them . Have gotten every one as they have been released . Have not been disappointed . Will continue till collection complete . Nostalgia is a warm fuzzy feeling watching this series from the past . Wow how styles and life has changed then.Perry has always been a favorite for me .
 I have purchased 6 full seasons of the Perry Mason 50s-60s series . They are all 1st class , and A + quality . The film is high quality black and white and the sound quality is excellent . A great value for the money .
 my husband and I enjoy sitting and watching this dvd ... often we find ourselves w/no worthwhile show or movie to watch and it is so nice to have this to watch ... . Love all of his shows .
 I like Perry Mason ; greatSorry if you are requiring certain number of words , I just wo n't give a rating ' The rest will go unrated .
 The quality , clearness , stories and diction are good . If you enjoy a good court room drama , I recommend these series .
 Perry Mason Season 6 Volume 2These fourteen TV shows from 1963 are based on the novels of Erle Stanley Gardner . The books are more complete and informative , they tell about life that is not experienced by most people . The books explain why some things are done , the films only show you what happened . The books tell you about `` ropers '' , rough or smooth shadows , how to evade surveillance , and avoid leaving a back trail . Some questioned the legality and ethics of Perry Mason 's tactics but the stories were written before modern legal rules . The background tells about life in Los Angeles and America . There is nothing like these dramatic stories on today 's broadcast TV . When was the last time you saw a trial lawyer as a hero ? Erle Stanley Gardner was a founder of the `` Court of Last Resort '' which sought to free the unjustly convicted . Gardner sought to use scientific means to find the guilty rather than using hunches or guesses alone.The seeming reality of these stories is due in part to characters who do n't look like Hollywood actors . Some of the original stories were modified for TV . The theme music is typical for the late 1950s . Note the style of clothing and culture ; ladies wore white gloves . People seldom lock their doors . The prices date these films . One advantage is seeing the many automobiles from that era . How many can you identify ? Note the slimness of people , the smoking , and the familiarity with pistols . Watch how the actors express their emotions by their facial expressions . The camera sharpness and quality is excellent , but these films have a higher contrast than in earlier seasons . These stories often use the misinterpretation of circumstantial evidence to provide dramatic effects . The courtroom scenes are usually the Preliminary Hearings and often tell about the law . The titles begin with `` The Case of The '' . A story adapted from a novel has the year . Most are not from the novels ; a year after the title shows the Gardner novel . Four shows had actors to fill in for Raymond Burr . `` Prankish Professor '' ; `` Constant Doyle '' Bette Davis ; `` Libelous Locket '' Michael Rennie ; `` Two-faced Turnabout '' Hugh O'Brian . `` Surplus Suitor '' Walter Pidgeon ; `` Golden Oranges '' ; `` Lawful Lazarus '' ; `` Velvet Claws '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- . `` Lover 's Leap '' ; `` Elusive Element '' ; `` Greek Goddess '' ; `` Skeleton 's Closet '' ; `` Potted Planter '' ; `` Witless Witness '' .
 I watched these on TV back when they were first on , in the early 1960 's . I loved them then and still do now . I like having them on dvd now without all the nonsense commercials , the logos in two corners of the screen and banners pasted across the bottom . I like the fact too that they are full length - not missing segments to make way for more commercials . These are great !
 The friend that I bought the Perry Mason Season Six , Vol . 2 was very pleased and is enjoying it now .
 There were no problems with this either . I watched each DVD and all was well . I was both able to hear and see them clearly . So far that has n't changed . I 'm well satisfied . You could n't be doing things any better than you already are .
 Im collecting all the seasons and perry mason is as good now as it was in season 1 . I wish they would come out sooner is all
 Also a must-have for Perry Mason fans ... good acting , exciting plot lines and a nice glimpse into 1960s legal practice in L.A !
 I love Perry Mason TV series . I use to watch the series growing up -LRB- I am now 55 -RRB- . I love all the characters , Perry , Della , Paul , Hamilton , Burger . I have all of the series from vol 1-1 to 6-2 . I even have purchased the novels . I love who dunnit drama .
 I have purchased all the Perry Mason TV series , 1 through 6 , through Amazon . I have not been disappointed with any of the series . Looking forward to season Seven .
 I have all the DVDs that have been released so far and love the Perry Mason series . I look forward to the next three seasons being released and more great episodes from this iconic series .
 We like to watch the old Perry Mason shows.We like buying DVDs from Amazon.The process is always easy , and the prices are normally good .
 great condition and received it on time , very pleased with the service , would recommend amazon.com to every one and the price was compatible
 I checked this out from the library , and loved it ; now I 'm buying it ! Nothing has improved my classic skiing technique as much as watching this video . It may not suit the needs of a beginner with a strong aural learning style -LRB- who needs to be told what to do -RRB- , but for intermediate skiers , or anyone with a visual or kinesthetic learning style , I think this is the most helpful tool I 've ever seen . The neuro-muscular programming approach helps you to develop a `` body memory '' of the right motion , even before you 've actually done it . After watching this tape , I find I can go out on the track and feel when I 'm `` in the groove '' that Jeff nowak demonstrates . Besides being very effective , it 's absolutely beautiful photography , and very meditative and relaxing . I did n't want to take the tape back to the library !
 In the above-average Lew Landers western BAD LANDS , a sheriff and posse of ten are trapped in the Arizona desert by Indians.The cast includes Wallace Beery 's nephew -LRB- Noah -RRB- , Englishman Robert Coote -LRB- Col. Pickering in Broadway 's `` My Fair Lady '' -RRB- , John Ford 's older brother -LRB- Francis -RRB- , Scottish-born silent era clown Andy Clyde , and a direct descendant of the man who wrote the ballad `` Home Sweet Home , '' John Payne.SYNOPSIS -- After Apache Jack -LRB- Payne -RRB- murders a woman and flees into the desert , Sheriff Bill Cunningham -LRB- Barrat -RRB- organizes a posse that includes the victim 's husband , Manuel Lopez -LRB- McDonald -RRB- . A scout is sent ahead into the wastelands but he too is killed by Jack . When the search party stops at an oasis they see skeletons scattered all around.While camping overnight , three men secretly leave the group to search for a possible silver deposit . They 're discovered at a nearby wash just as one of the three is hit by a sniper 's bullet . Jack and other Apache braves have the posse pinned down and badly exposed . The men are killed one-by-one and with each death , the chance of escape becomes more remote.As of 2/09 , `` Bad Lands '' was not available on DVD.Also recommended : One of the most prolific directors in cinematic history , Lew Landers is best remembered forTHE RAVEN -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , with Lugosi and Karloff . VHS -RRB- Parenthetical number is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating . -LRB- 6.4 -RRB- Bad Lands -LRB- 1939 -RRB- - Robert Barrat/Douglas Walton/Robert Coote/Noah Beery Jr. / Guinn ` Big Boy ' Williams/Andy Clyde/Addison Richards/Paul Hurst/Francis Ford/Francis McDonald/John Payne
 The monster of the Milky Way is of course -- no , wait for it . But it 's big , really big . Bigger than a Buick . How do we know what 's there , with all the gas and dust blocking our view of the galaxy center ? `` Monster of the Milky Way '' explains how . My test for Nova programs is how many times I want to watch them . This episode premiered only a few weeks ago yet I 've seen it three times already . There 's a lot of thought provoking ideas in this episode , including the fate of the Milky Way and our big galactic neighbor 2.2 million light years away , Mr. Huge Andromeda Galaxy , M31 . I do n't want to spoil the `` plot '' of this episode because at its heart it is a detective story , but it follows astronomers as they try to discern just what all that mass at the center of the Milky consists of , and what that means for the future of our galactic neighborhood . This episode is one of the better ones about astronomy . The monster at the heart of the Milky Way and its brethren are the subject of cutting-edge ideas in cosmology these days , and this fresh Nova program takes you right into the current research .
 I am a physicist and this program was quite interesting for me . Difficult research is presented in very simple manner and can be understood by almost everyone . Some facts were new to me and I truly enjoyed watching it . I would give it 5 stars , but there is something on the back of my mind - at the end I found it a little bit too simple in terms of visual contents .
 This is just terrific in every way . The provider was swift and professional and the video itself is amazing . The NOVA group continues to take complex ideas and concepts easier for the lay person to understand . Truly GREAT .
 There seems to be a slight misunderstanding
 I bought this video for my son when it first came out and it is very entertaining . He is 4 years old and is learning introductory phrases like hello and goodbye and also counting , etc. . This video is more unique than others I have found because it involves more story telling rather than teaching . He likes it a lot . Loves the live kung fu segment in the end . The songs can be addicting as well . Looking forward to the next video .
 Hi , I bought this video for my son-age 3 and he loved it . The video is unlike anything that is out there . They not only incorporate chinese phrases , but there is also a lot of singing and dancing . My son particular likes the kung fu segment at the very end . He asks for the video every day . I would highly recommend this video to other parents .
 For anyone willing to give this film a chance it can be lots of fun to follow till the suprising end.It is a sleeper and I enjoyed it.I searched it out to see Patty Duke in a great cameo .
 I thought this movie was super cute . Some of the plot points were a little fuzzy , but as far as romantic comedies go , it was fun . Gabrielle Anwar is great , and Sean Astin was pretty fun . I did n't realize that one of the guys is Smith from Sex and the City , so that made it even better ! ; -RRB-
 I half-expected something sleazy -LRB- 4 guys and one girl ? -RRB- , but it was rather tactfully done given the premisses.As for the script quality , there were some lame moments but for the most part we have laughed.We are almost fifty , the film is about young people , and we still found it amusing . A little bit of slapstick , a little bit of cute moments , resulted in an entertaining 90 minutes .
 Good movie fun and entertaining . Lots of fun if your into the simple comedy .
 This video is worth every penny !! Just the demonstration of the Boat Builders Joint is worth twice the price , not to mention the water stone bath .
 I 'll admit that I 'm a bit biased about Frank Klausz because I admire his abilities so much . From him -LRB- his DVDs -RRB- , I 've learned to hand cut dovetails , make pefectly fitting drawers without a tape measure and now with this CD , I have learned a great deal about hand tools.I was n't really a hand tool guy because I could n't really get or keep them sharp . In Frank 's direct method that does n't mince words , he shows and explains how to do it . As a result , I 've used his method and can now get chisels and handplanes sharp enough to push the hair off my arm without spending a great deal of time to do it . I also really liked his method of saw sharpening and so I bought a cheap one to try it out so that I would n't be out anything if I messed it up . I was able to turn an $ 18.00 dovetail saw into one that cuts as thinly and effortlessly as my friends saw that cost almost 10 times as much.In short - he teaches you no-nonsense sharpening of chisels , hand planes and saws . Then , he gives you easy to understand practice methods of how to effectively use those tools . I got more out of this CD than I hoped and for less than $ 20 , I picked up some great lifetime skills that have enhanced my woodworking.Edit as of 11/29/09
 In this 72 minute video , Frank Klausz walks the beginning woodworker through setting up his likely first three new tools . He sharpens , sets , and tunes an inexpensive backsaw , a newly purchased chisel , and a flea market smoother plane . In the style of his other videos , the complicated and intimidating suddenly becomes straightforwardly simple.The most important tool for the woodworker is a sharp edge . You 'll learn to hollow grind a bevel ; waterstone the back flat ; and quickly hone an edge that shaves hair . The dull , store bought saw becomes his scalpel after quickly filing a rip profile on the teeth and adjusting the set . A beaten up old saw becomes a new jewel after jointing and filing the teeth , and adjusting the set with a small screwdriver . If you have n't set a saw this way , there might be a thing or two for you learn here . Last , the dusty , crusty , rusty plane becomes a tool again after a good cleanup , flattening on wet/dry paper , and then properly setup for work.As in his other videos , the work is shown in its entirety , in 72 minutes . Aside from some common tools you might already have on hand , you 'll also need a slow speed grinder , a good set of honing stones , and some wet/dry paper . A flat plate and wet/dry paper can substitute for the stones . I use waterstones for the tool edges , but just stick abrasive sheets to a granite plate with a film of water for everything else.Keeping the edges sharp used to seem an arduous task , but now feels no more complicated than a draftsman putting a point on his pencil . There is a danger , once you start sharpening , of running around the house looking for other things to sharpen . I 'm done sharpening for now , and even found time to cut some wood.This video is very highly recommended for both sharpening , and basic use of the most important woodworking hand tools -- the backsaw , chisel , and smoothing plane .
 Of all the topics in woodworking , caring for hand tools is the one -LRB- at least for me -RRB- which is the harder to get by only reading books.Sharpening in particular is a topic where everybody has its own method which gets very confusing.Through this video , Frank Klausz will show you how to prepare chisels , planes and saw with no fuss.I think the video would have benefit from having a little more closeup as well as maybe covering some extra tools such as card scrappers .
 Terrific video for a beginner woodworkers . Frank Klausz has a true knack for teaching , without going over your head . Thats the true sign of a master , he has nothing to prove , just teach.We 're luck that the Tauton Press people did n't go the route some publishers do and overcharge their material ... $ 20 is real bargain for what you are getting.The section on how to tune up old tools , and the demonstration on how new tools are not as sharp as you would assume it is , were very interesting -LRB- at least for a novice -RRB- . I also appreciated the practise routines he added at the end .
 This video showed me everything I needed to know to sharpen chisels , plane irons and saws , and also showed how to tune the planes , and provides some simple exercises to get proficient with the tools .
 As a progressing woodworker , I have been dreading the sharpening tasks in my shop . Past experiences with sharpening ended with so-so results , at best . I have read a number of articles , all explaining the necessity to use 4 or 5 stones/grits of paper and strops . I have been reluctant to make this investment and could n't believe that so many different steps were required . I now know that this is not necessary . In this DVD , Frank explains what he is doing as he is doing it - with a reasonable amount of equipment . His technique and the results are clearly shown . Nothing beats SEEING the process . My next attempt at sharpening a chisel ended with super results ! I am actually looking forward to putting an edge on all of my chisels and planes . I recently bought an old worker plane that needs cleaning and sharpening . Frank has included in this DVD detailed steps for me to follow . I also feel confident that I can successfully sharpen my dovetail saw . I only wish he had included info on table saw and band saw blades . I have always been reluctant to purchase `` how to '' videos for fear of it not being detailed enough for me to actually find useful . Not the case with this one . This was one of the best purchases for my shop that I have ever made . If you have never quite gotten the results that you think you should from a freshly sharpened tool , then I encourage you to give this video a chance .
 If you are a beginning wood worker , you owe it to yourself to own this dvd . I say own , because he runs along pretty quick , there 's a good deal of information , and you will want to see it several times . If you already know how to tune a plane , a chisel and a saw , this may not be for you . For me personally , the combination of good topics and his practical approach was well worth the cost .
 This is the second video I have watched from Frank Klausz -LRB- Mortise - Tenon Joints was the first -RRB- and I am again impressed with information relayed through out the program . Frank 's passion and pride in his work is evident in all of his mannerisms . If you are a thrifty woodworker and can pick up old used hand tools at yard sales , auctions , etc. , this video will show you how to rehabilitate them into excellent tools for your own use . Another great resource and inspirational tool !
 This was the first of 5 DVDs I bought of Frank Klausz . So , in a real way this is a review of his videos as a group , besides this one on hand tools . Klausz is always clear and precise . He demonstrates speed in addition to craftsmanship . Be sure to buy his DVD on dovetails and mortise and tenon joints to see Frank further demonstrate hand tools achieving wonderful results . See him use hand tools as an extension of power tool use.Since I first viewed this DVD I have added to my woodworking addiction by more frequently visiting estate sales/flea markets buying old , rusted tools in order to rehab them . This is terribly satisfying work , and my friends and son-in-law really like the vintage gifts that result.When I buy a DVD , such as this one , I figure 3 or 4 good ideas make the Amazon price for the DVD worth the investment . Frank Klausz always provides more than that .
 This is a great DVD for novices to woodworking and it is a great review for those of us that have been woodworking for decades . Frank Klaus brings the tasks that so any complicate down to the simplest components of how to do them . He also does a tremendous job of showing the quality of work you can do with a very economical cash outlay . Woodworking magazines are going to hate him for showing that you do n't need the latest high priced gizmo to do fine work.The DVD is enjoyable to watch and I can assure you that I will watch and re-watch this again and again . I believe it will go a long way to keep hobbyists very well footed to understand that our hobby is working wood and not collecting every new tool that is released .
 I ca n't figure out why in the world this opera is n't done on a regular basis . The Metropolitan has Dolora Zajick on its roster who has sung the title roll in opera houses all over Europe but not the Met . Let 's get a production going for her before she retires to her farm house in Reno . As fas as this 1971 production goes , I ca n't tell if it 's in color or black and white with a blue tint . Either way , the picture is grainy . the sets are cheap looking and the lighting certainly wans n't done with video in mind . On the positive side we have the great Fiorenza Cossotto and the great Alfredo Kraus who make this DVD worth the purchase price . Their scenes together -LRB- especially in acts three and four -RRB- are vocal dynamite . For added excitement and great old fashioned Italian singing we have Sesto Bruscantini and Ruggero Raimondi with Olivero de Fabrities in the orchesta pit . We may get a better production and picture of FAVORITA in the future , but nothing will surpass ths singing on this disc .
 This DVD is a `` must '' for all opera 's lovers . I 'm grateful to the people who recorded this performance , allowing us to hear and see such wonderful voices of the past . Very moving Fiorenza Cossoto 's interpretation of the aria `` O mio Fernando '' and Alfred Kraus 's `` Favorita del re '' . Also , the `` finale '' of the second act is remarkable , when the main voices are mixed with those of the chorus . The image is sometimes a little dark , but that does n't reduce the pleasure of watching this jewel from the past.S&iacute;lvia Costa .
 This performance of `` La Favorita '' is , as far as I know , the ONLYone available on video . I gave it 5 stars , despite some obviousflaws already mentioned by other reviewers , because it is a wonderfulproduction of a much overlooked and underrated Donizetti opera.The video is somewhat grainy , but my copy does not have the waterygreen effect others have mentioned . -LRB- Clips of it on You Tubeare decidedly GREEN ! -RRB- I do n't know if I got a better DVD or if thecolor is just better on my machine . I do know this ... it does n'thave those annoying burned-in Japanese subtitles evidentin so many operas VAI has mined from performances in Japan!The audio , while not exceptional , is perfectly acceptable.Loved the story and found it easy to follow ... although , why theCatholic monk/prior -LRB- Baldassare -RRB- would have a son and daughterwas a bit of a mystery.The best part , of course , was the singing , although I did n't findthe acting too shabby either . I think Alfredo Kraus 's singingand acting could best be described as `` elegant . '' What a performance ; absolute perfection from beginning to end . He sang like a god andmoved with the grace of a dancer . He was the quintessential Fernandoin this production.As for Fiorenza Cossotto , she was a glamorous and thrilling Leonora ; she just nailed the role . -LRB- Okay , I admit it ... I love her . -RRB- Yes , shedid break character in Act III after hitting her high note in `` Scrittoe in cielo mio dolor ! '' But , she did get a thunderous 3 minute ovationfrom the audience and , being Fiorenza , she just could n't resist baskingin the glory ! Well , she did try ... a little . Personally , I loved the moment , but I 've already admitted my bias and I do n't expect others to agree.Ruggero Raimondi was a majestic Baldassarre , convincingly agedfor the role as I think he was fairly young in this production.An exceptional performance , beautifully sung and acted.Unfortunately , this was not one of Sesto Bruscantini 's bestperformances . As King Alfonso , he was on pretty shaky ground untilhe got his footing toward the middle of the opera . He 's apretty impressive baritone , so perhaps he was ailingor just having an off-night . This performance , warts and all , is well worth purchasing and Ihighly recommend it . If you 've never seen `` La Favorita , '' this maybe your only opportunity .
 I agree that the cast in this wonderful performance was n't that even.However , that unevenness does not really subtract fromt he stupendous performances by Cossotto in the title role ` La favorita ' and Kraus in the tenor role of Ferrando.Of the two major supporting roles , Ruggero Raimondi is an adequate friar , if not outstanding . However , Bruscantini as the King really throws much downhill ` relief ' to the otherwise sky high level of performance.Put it this way - this performance is an out and out showcase of what ` bel canto ' singing is about . Alfredo Kraus proved to be the best exponent of this genre in the mid to late 20th century , and the first decade of the 21st as well . He has more elegance and style than Pavarotti , if not the same prowess . His phrasing and messa di voce really put Pav to shame , if you allow me to say so . And he had a much more pleasing timbre than Juan Diego Florez , and far better nuances and characterisation to boot . In his prime , his high notes were done with far greater ease and smoothness than Florez , as his Act Iv aria ` La favorita de re ' amply showed -LRB- compared with Florez 's French version in the ` Bel Canto Spectacular ' Album last year -RRB- . Then , on the other hand , what non-bel canto singers could ` do ' with bel canto works is also amply demonstrated by Bruscantini . Sloppy phrasing , missed notes , inaccurate enunciations , all in all resulting in pitch failures and articulation problems so glaring that one simply had to press the ` fast forward ' button to skip the torture.Then in the middle of the road , Fiorenza Cossotto the famous Verdian mezzo , who demonstrates here that she ` knew ' what is bel canto and how she could make the best out of it , though not an out and out bel canto expert . She has less of a stage presence than Kraus in that she was unfamiliar with portrayals of famous beauties than the Verdian mezzo characters like Azucena.A spectacular performance in many ways . Discounting the hiccups , still heartily recommended for all bel canto lovers and to anyone interested to know what actually is ` bel canto ' . You will fall in love with Kraus and Cossotto .
 I was a bit put off in the beginning with the poor quality of the DVD , the picture seemed to be grainy . The theater was very dark and you saw very little of the orchestra or the conductor . But when the singers ` warmed up ' you were impressed with the voices . Donizetti 's music , as always is so melodic you can close your eyes , sit back and soar ! The audience was enthusiastic in their applause , prolonged ovations ; Leonora was visibly moved to tears after the ovation for one of her arias . The cast was excellant , choreography for ballet scene was superb . I was only slightly disappointed with the set direction and the quality of the filming of the DVD .
 Yes , a great performance , the music was beautiful but the quality of the DVD leaves a lot to be desired , the image was blurry and at times looked washed out and the intrusion of the prompter at times drove me to anger , but in spite of everything I am glad that I saw this performance and added it to my collection.Just the joy of hearing Cossotto , Kraus and Raimondi in their prime is worth the price of this item.Warts and all , I highly recommend it.If you are an opera lover you 'll enjoy this rarely performed opera .
 I love Kraus and Cossotto . They are both dynamite singers in this video . Cossotto is a bit heavily made-up and her acting is a bit plastic , but her singing is wonderful . Kraus always pleases me with his general class and finesse , even physically . I am also a big fan of Bruscantini , but I will admit , I did n't think this is the best presentation of his work . His Italian style is wonderful , but his voice and manner seem a bit gruff for this role . I have a few recordings of him where he is very good up to even magnificent , but perhaps this particular music is asking too much fluidity for his voice . Still , he was a thoroughly professional singer and enjoyable enough in this video . It 's really fun to get some of these older , live performances of great singers , many now deceased , and relive their artistry , seeing them , whilst hearing them . The sound is good in this recording and I play it often .
 Sometimes one forgets the great singers of but a few years ago . This 1971 performance recording , made in Tokyo , though visually a bit dark , is acoustically sparkling with the singers ' joy with Donizetti 's music . He would surely loudly applaud this effort . Both Fiorenza Cossotto and Alfredo Kraus are at their peak . To say nothing of Sesto Bruscantini and Ruggero Raimondi in supporting roles . This opera , unfortunately , is often overlooked for the better known Donizetti works . Well worth enjoying as the music is grand , the arias are among his finest and the ballet a treat to see .
 By far the best recording I have seen of this , one of Donizetti 's most famous operas . Alfredo Kraus sings an especially fine Fernando .
 Five Faces of Darkness is another great Transformers flick that picks up where the movie left off . The story is actually pretty interesting although much longer than the movie . The easiest way to give you an idea about the movie is to remember the second Aladin that came out and went straight to video . Well ... Five Faces of Darkness follows that same pattern . The animation is lower quality and most of the voices have changed . Although lacking in these areas it is Transformers so it really doesnt matter . Highlights of the movie are getting to see many of the newer toys not featured in the series or the movie in action and getting to re-visit favorites like Hot-Rod and others . Overall this movie does not exceed Transformers
 The video is a follow of what happened in the `` Transformers : The Movie '' . The Decpetions are leaderless and the Deceptions who follow Galavtron go get him.Meanwhile the Autobots are having a good time with their new leader.Some of the Autobots are kidnapped leading the Autobots on a journey back to where the movie took place.This vidoe also reveals the creators of the Transformers.It brings us many more new Transformers to the ones already in the series . The animation is OK , if you like the animation of Beast Wars then you might not like this video ! But if your a fan of the original Transformes , then you will like this video ! Please bring this video back ASAP and the same goes for the whole series ! It brings back memories of growing up as teenager , preteen in the 1980 ! I 'm 27 and I still love the Transformers !
 Five faces of darkness is almost as good as the original movie . While lacking the print quality of the original , it is excellent in content . Appearences by Trypticon amoung others , is very interesting to the dearest of fans . It 's all here , the origen , and many other interesting stories . Although this cinematic masterpiece is no longer published , I wish it were , having watched it . AJauasataian , a awesome transformer also makes an appearance .
 This is just Five Faces Of Darkness , the five part third season premier from the original Transformers TV show . If you grew up back then , like me , then you should have already seen this yourself back in the day . If you did n't , or you 're new to G1 shows , this is ok but not essential to your enjoying The Transformers
 i live in Chevy Chase , MD would someone help me find this moviei desperatly need it it is the only transformers movie i have yet toobtain anywhere online or local thanks a bunch
 If anyone knows how I could get this movie , please inform me
 Troma , best known at the time , -LRB- and pretty much still , -RRB- for `` The Toxic Avenger , '' put this truly demented military-action epic together in the late 1980s . It was originally only available in a massively butchered , -LRB- thanks , MPAA , -RRB- R-rated version and did very poorly , but now it 's finally available uncut on VHS and DVD . . and your action-movie education is n't complete until you 've seen this film . The plot involves the racially/socially mixed survivors of a terrible plane crash , -LRB- a black priest , a blind girl , a Nam vet , a fat guy , a rock band , etc. to name a few -RRB- discovering that the island they have `` landed '' on is populated by a terrorist army planning a secret invasion of the U.S. Great setup for even a traditional action movie , but `` Troma 's War '' goes off in a direction best described as `` G.I. Joe on amphetamines , '' with bloodier-than-Rambo battles , a pig-nosed villian , martial arts , human-ear necklaces , facially-conjoined twins , tongue-removal-torture and an ASTONISHINGLY offensive henchman named Senor Sida , who 's `` special power '' is something I probably ca n't discuss on a family webpage . ANY sensibilities you may have , this movie will offend ... and it 's probably the most constantly violent movie in even the Troma library , so it makes one GREAT party tape . Stick around after the credits .
 Why I continue to plod my way through Troma 's catalog of schlock movies is a question not easily answered . `` The Toxic Avenger '' holds a special place in my heart because that movie was my first real gore film experience . Since then , I have seen many more films from Lloyd Kaufman 's warped studio , and none of them ever really matches that first Toxic Avenger picture . If you are not familiar with Troma , they are a movie production company dedicated to releasing the worst trash films in cinematic history . The people at Troma actually revel in their reputation for bad taste through massive self-promotion in all forms of media . `` Troma 's War '' shares attributes with nearly every other Troma film I have seen
 troma 's war was a -LSB- kicking -RSB- movie.it had the usual humor that you would expect from a troma movie , but it also had some serious parts and good war/shooting scenes.this is probably one of my favorite troma movies and i dont really like war movies , but this one was an exception.This movie has a lot of extra features like every troma dvd so overall it is a very solid disc.Don ' t bother renting it , just go out and buy the best ... war movie everRated R for strong violence/gore , language , and nudity
 TROMA 'S WAR is a classic twisted action film from Troma Films . The film is about a plane that crashes on a deserted island , and the survivors from the plane crash accidentally stumble onto the secret hideout of terrorists that are planning a secret invasion of the United States . Now the survivors must band together not just to save themselves but to save the free world . This film has all the complimentary violence , action , nudity , and sick humor that you would come to expect from any Troma film !
 After a Tromatic plane crash on an island somewhere off the face of Cuba , a few spirited Tromaville Citizens are about to find out the harsh reality of guerilla warfare . It is only a short period of time before the battle for life and death begins in one of Troma 's ultimate masterpieces . If you like Troma , an interesting plot , or just a plain bloodbath , then Troma 's war has it all . Though not the best Troma film , it is still worth getting . Unfortunately , it does n't measure up to the wonderfully black standards of Terror Firmer , but then again , what could ? It is still an amazing film , and a good storyline .
 This movie was very different from other Troma movies . This is a full fledged war movie , It has excellent special effects and a good story . No wonder this Lloyd kaufman 's favorite Troma movie . Despite the title the movie is n't set in TromaVille , The entire film takes place on a small island . A plane crash lands on this island , The survivers of the crash take action against a rebel base on the island . These rebels also confuse the survivers as comandos come to abort the mission . Action packed ! Excellent Movie !
 Plotless ? You bet . Tasteful ? Erm ... Oscars ? This is Troma we 're talking about . This delightful movie involves a planeload of tourists crash landing on a carribean island -LRB- well New Jersey anyway -RRB- and discovering an army barracks filled with terrorists plannng to destroy the U.S. . These people take it upon themselves to kill all of these terrorists and save America . There 's more gunfire in this than in all other war films put together , in fact you could run out to the store and buy a fresh six-pack and the SAME battle is still raging . This movie 's prime midnight material and a good laugh .
 One of Tromas Best Movies Besides The Epic Toxic Avenger . The Best Part of The Movie besides the Blood and Guts Was The Guy Who Was AIRBORNE ! Killing everyone and Wearing Their Ears . timeless Classic .
 Troma 's War is a different kind of Troma movie . Sure , it 's violent , dumb -LRB- in a good way -RRB- , and has some good t & a . But it 's also more of an action movie instead of a horror-comedy , which is what Troma is famous for . It 's pretty much non-stop exciting , violent , and action-packed . They do n't make them like this anymore , unfortunately . Also , while watching I felt like I was watching a lost entry in the Rambo series , or maybe a sequel to Commando . It 's like Rambo and Commando , only done Troma-style , and I 'd say it has more action than either of those or the rest in the Rambo series . I recommend Troma 's War if you 're a fan of Troma movies , or violent shoot em ' up action movies . You wo n't be disappointed .
 TROMA 'S WAR , director 's cut -LRB- 1988 -RRB- directed by Lloyd Kaufman & Michael Herzapproximately 1 hour 45 minutesAnybody who has ever watched a Troma movie has probably wondered what kind of movies the studio would make if they had a bigger budget . The closest thing we really have is the director 's cut of Troma 's War . The movie is supposedly a statement about the way that war is marketed towards Americans , but at times it comes off as an attempt to compete with Hollywood action movies . Nevertheless it is one of the more unique titles in the Troma catalogue.The story begins with a plane crashing on a remote island . The survivors are a group of `` Tromaville '' residents including Catholic priest , a Vietnam veteran , a blind woman , a rock band and a Wall Street yuppie . Unfortunately their plane happened to crash on an island that is being used as a training ground for terrorists . When the terrorists discover the survivors on their island , they immediately suspect them of trying to infiltrate their operation . The terrorists play hardball , trying to get them to reveal information by using sadistic violence.Eventually the team of survivors decided to fight back . This leads to a full-fledged war on the island with many explosions and thousands of gunshots . The gun violence is done in a very 1980s style similar to Robocop and Rambo . In spite of the similarity to these Hollywood blockbusters , the Motion Picture Association of America refused to allow much of the violence to be shown in theaters and forced Troma to heavily edit the movie in order to get an `` R '' rating . Director Lloyd Kaufman has stated before that the edited version of Troma 's War contributed to many difficulties for his company.Although the movie bears a strong similarity to other action an war movies , there are dashes of Troma here . For example a guerilla fighter perched in a tree gives away his position by farting . It also has the usual blonde T&A ; and after-the-fact love stories thrown in . There are in fact torture and rape scenes which in some ways foreshadow the more brutal movie of recent years -LRB- or harken back to the grindhouse style of the 1970s -RRB- . However the violence is mostly `` run and gun '' type scenes where the enemies are expendable and the violence is impersonal.What is most interesting about this movie is not the gratuitous violence . The plot seems to be largely derived from several conspiracy theories that have been circulated in the American political underground . For example the terrorists on the island are not part of a single group but rather a meeting of various anti-American groups including marxist , fascist and Islamic organizations . The groups have several plans to create chaos in the United States including tainting the water supply with drugs and deliberately infecting Americans with the AIDS virus . Finally , we find out at one point that while these extremists are bent on destroying the U.S. for their own reasons , their entry into the country is being facilitated by Washington insiders . The Washington group 's plan is to let the extremists run wild and scare average citizens , making them plead to build up the national security state . The actions of this right/left terror nexus are referred to by conspiracy theorists as `` Ordo ab Chao '' or `` order out of chaos '' . Troma 's War is very much a product of its time . There are references to many events of the day , including the October 1983 truck bombings in Lebanon and the Baader-Meinhof gang -LRB- which was still operating in the 1980s -RRB- . While Americans may not have to worry about guerilla fighters in our backyards , we are still accustomed to seeing military violence whether it is from a movie or the 5 o'clock news .
 Finally , on DVD , represented in the brilliant director 's cut version that no one should miss !! This is Troma 's answer to the Rambo kind of films that were doing well all around . This should have been as big a worldwide hit in theaters all over the world , if it were n't for the censors who always kindly cooperate with the big conglomerates , but while Rambo got it 's R-rating with it 's countless bullets , shot wounds , amounts of senseless violence and streams of blood , Troma 's War was n't treated with the same courtesy . While not more excessively violent or bloody than any of the drek that the big studio 's poured out over the audiences , Troma 's War was submitted to countless cuts , making it a rather senseless film , of which all the guts -LRB- literally and metaphorically -RRB- , storyline and message were deleted , with the predictable result that no one really could care for the film anymore . A bloody shame , since it is - when seen in the original director 's cut - so much better than the poor substitudes with the bid budgets spent on ridiculously overpaid mediocre actors from Hollywood . Troma 's War in it 's entirety is a masterpiece , a brilliant film that seems to pretend to be the Rambo-kind-of-film , and should please audiences that like that stuff , but in the meantime is so much more than that
 This film turns the tables on the Bush/Reagan-approved `` military chic '' of the eighties , taking the Ubermerikkkan propaganda that was GI JOE and Rambos II and III and turning it around into a call to arms for the common man against the elites that opress us . As `` out-there '' as the bad guys -LRB- and good guys -RRB- seem in this film , you must keep in mind that they are all charicatures to show us how wall street will stab you in the back to protect his neck and pocketbook , how the church has had its tongue ripped out by the powers that be -LRB- though it sings on through the blood -RRB- , and how the true American spirit -LRB- not to mention our children 's free will -RRB- can only be saved when we seperate Military and Monetary powers . Even through the -LRB- once-again -RRB- EXTREMELY GI JOE-esque visuals , storytelling and soundtrack , this film uses powerful symbolism in the manner of Dali 's `` Le Sangre D'un Poete '' and Orwell 's `` Animal Farm '' to push us over the edge and into seeing what our -LRB- barely -RRB- free minds are up against . All great art is shocking at the time of release , dated as expired within three weeks , and -LRB- seeing how everything in this film is coming true -RRB- we will all be studying Troma 's War in art school in fifty years tops ! If you do n't believe that , then you probably think our president was elected legally . Welcome to the Infiltration , I hope you brought a condom!Steer clear of the R-rated version , as it has had not only its tongue , but also it 's heart severed by the MPAA . Not a film for normal Tromites just looking for cheap thrills - THIS IS A THINK PIECE ! ** brains not included .
 this is possibly troma 's best film . ther plot concerns plane crash survivors battling terrorists on a beach . i would compare this to die hard and john woo 's films .
 For anyone who has ever wondered how the five human senses works , this is the tape to purchase ! This film of the flagship series NOVA introduces a wealth of knowledge on seeing , hearing , feeling , taste , and smell . Anyone who has seen anything educational program from the NOVA series , now on PBS across the nation , knows the quality of their documentaries . This tape is no exception . This film is highly recommended to anyone who is interested in exploring these five basic functions of the body , taken for granted everyday . A real winner , this video will not disappoint !
 If you are looking for a strictly scientific documentary , you may want to look elsewhere . That said , I watched these films in conjunction with a biology class and found them to be useful tools that enriched what I was studying in the dry biology books . While the narrator does go off track at times , do n't let this dissuade you from an otherwise excellent series for all ages .
 I could n't agree more with the other reviewers that a lot of time is wasted by the narrator on fluff -LRB- who wants to see her dancing or buying candy for 5 minutes -RRB- . But ... I ca n't find a better dvd/film that covers the senses . I use only the parts of each dvd that are pertinent.The series brings home the point that most of what we sense is in our brains , and when the brain -LRB- spinal/nervous system -RRB- is injured you can lose the function , even though everything else is working . Liked the first person stories and graphics that clarified functions . Simply put , the students would much rather watch a film than read their book or listen to the teacher . I did little experiments in class to follow up.For the taste and smell senses I gave each student a few Hershey 's chocolate and butterscotch drops -LRB- the little ones you buy in a bag to make cookies -RRB- . They could n't tell the difference when they held their nose while eating them and loved eating candy as an experiment -LRB- be sure to check for allergies , like peanut , among your students first -RRB- . For the vision we looked through prisms and concave and convex lenses that I purchased at our local Lakeshore store , a teacher supply store . Also turned the lights in the room on and off to watch our pupil size change and looked through magnifying glasses to make things larger then turn everything upside down . Simple experiments , yes , but effective when they followed the dvd explaining what happens and why , and we later reviewed the concepts in writing and drawing.PS - Save yourself some money and buy the dvd that has all 5 senses on it .
 Kari is such a delight to listen to and watch while you are working out . She is always on the ball and her instruction is always clear , concise and motivating . I have the majority of her workouts and I do n't usually get bored because they are all great for fitness and weight loss and they are always fun and funky . This is no exception . In this , her moves are graceful and cuing is flawless . This is really only for beginners due to the slower pace and simplified choreography , but if you are a step pro , you will still enjoy this . Kari keeps the tempo at a good pace and always previews the moves and offers different options based on your level of fitness . The two sections on this dvd are light and easy at first and the second section is slightly more intense . It 's another great workout - one that I do regularly and enjoy still . She and Christi Taylor , would be two of the very best and you 'll keep repeating this workout for the terrific results you get .
 I like Kari Anderson her fun nature laughing while exercising It feels good her queues are easy to follow I have just started to do the step and find it enjoyable .
 I was looking for a step workout without the fancy dance steps that I find in some DVDs . Basically , I was seeking a step workout that would provide a challenging and motivating workout , without too much of my focus and energy being used on learning `` unnecessary '' steps . I realize that it may take a few workouts to learn a routine , but my experience with some workouts is that the routines are so fast and the moves are so complicated that I do n't get a `` good '' workout because of time spent learning the routine.What I really like about this particular DVD is that it has a steady progression from beginner to intermediate level . And , of course , you have the ability to control your level by either doing the routine on the floor -LRB- until you 're comfortable with the step -RRB- , adding risers to elevate the step for an even greater challenge , or as I do add hand/wrist weights to enhance the workout -- and burn more calories ! Kari Anderson , the instructor , has a pleasant personality and she cues well . Her `` class '' looks like an ordinary group of folks , doing a step workout , which I can appreciate and relate to . The music is okay , but good enough to keep me going . I recommend this to steppers who seek a simple but challenging workout .
 Kari 's choreography is always fresh and her cuing superb so even for of us who are n't dancers , we can still move along and get a good workout . Like Kari 's other videos , Push is designed to be challenging but doable , and I find that each time I do it , I catch one more thing , making the workout that much more fun . Also , with many videos , after doing them repeatedly , you find that the results are n't as good -LRB- i.e. your body has gotten used to the type of movement -RRB- . With this workout , however , it just keeps getting better and better . Do n't be discouraged by the pace of the workouts ; just keep moving and have a good time . The steps will come with practice . In the meantime , enjoy yourself and have a great sweat .
 As I 've said before , Kari is one of the top 5 instructors in my opinion . She is non-intimidating , a brilliant choreographer and teacher , pleasant to listen to and an excellent cuer . This is another superb workout from her and so much fun to do.It 's two workouts on one disc that are supposed to ` bring out the dancer in you ' . The choreography is great and you transition into different moves easily because she gives you a heads up early enough to let you know what comes next.The step segment shows three progressive combinations and then at the end , you put them all together . That is challenging and very fat burning . There is also floor aerobics that is really fun to do . She is very motivating and you find yourself following this with ease becuase it 's fun and she 's such a great teacher . All up , it 's about 70 something minutes but it 's so good and different from other workouts , that you 'll want to do this often . She 's one of the best and if you buy this , you will see what I mean . I very highly recommend this to all exercisers .
 Excellent ! This DVD really gets you going . The steps are really difficult at the beginning but once you get them it makes exercising fun ! I found Kerry 's enthusiasm contagious !
 The movie is a well-written , poorly acted piece of softcore schlock . Lorissa McComas and Tane McLure are the only saving grace ... both act their characters believably , but are trapped by poor direction and supporting cast.Not for the casual viewer , Lap Dancing is intended for an adult audience intent on seeing naked women dance about and get themselves into sexual situations . The women are good-looking ... especially Lorissa , who is featured throughout the film as naked as possible as often as can be explainable . Definitely worth the money if you 're a fan of her 's ; and there 's a good chance you 'll find the movie worthwhile if its not her you 're specifically interested in looking at . I just want to know where I can find the soundtrack !
 The dance scenes and the eroticism make this a good movie to watch . I only wish the dance scenes had been edited a bit better . Most of the transitional moves of the dancers have been chopped up or cut . The acting is not that great , but I enjoyed the message of the movie which is to `` let yourself go and feel the feelings !
 This is a great sexy movie that makes a perfect mix of a very hot girl full of innocence who realises what it takes to be succesful . She starts taking an audience for being an actress wich results in a frustrating experience due to her lack of experience . After that she passes through a series of situations that drives her to know her self better and to realize every thing she can do if she has the will . At the very end of the movie she returns to the audience place and impresses everybody with a very convincing performance . At this time she is a very selfconfindent person . Very enlightening movie full of sexy scenes .
 I 've been trying to get TCM to show this movie for about a year now and they refuse to do so . I 'm happy that it has finally been made available on dvd . Sammy 's acting is absolutely superb in this film and he should 've won an oscar that year for best actor . His final scene on stage is both sad and incredibly well acted . This movie has some of the greatest legends all in one film . There 's Satchmo , Ossie Davis , Frank Sinatra Jr. , Mel Torme , Peter Lawford , a very beautiful Cicely Tyson , Janet Du'Bois , Lola Falana , Johnny Brown , and Sammy 's music director George Rhodes . Look for Morgan Freeman as an extra in a club scene and also Albert ` Poppy'Popwell as an extra . Albert played in several Clint Eastwood movies -LRB- once as a pimp , one as a bank robber , and once as a fellow cop friend of Dirty Harry 's . What a great film that at least should be shown on the Black networks .
 Some films try to cram so much emotion into each frame that they leave you feeling a little dizzy , like after a roller-coaster ride . You 're exhausted by the dramatic twists and turns of the story , but exhilarated by the effort ; confused by the wildly conflicting shifts in tone , yet inspired by what you believe the filmmakers were straining to achieve . That 's what the experience of watching `` A Man Called Adam '' is like.Filmed in 1966 , while the Civil Rights struggle was shaking the United States out of its complacency over the so-called `` Negro problem '' , with Black Panthers , protests , sit-ins , and urban uprisings sending their angry smoke into the sky , this confrontational little black & white film tells the story of a prodigiously talented jazz musician and singer , Adam Johnson , who is played by none other than the similarly hugely gifted performer , Sammy Davis , Jr.Adam has some serious personal and social problems . He 's arrogant to the point of violence , foul-mouthed , selfish and brutal in his dealings with women , drinks and smokes too much , and , well , you get the picture , eh ? Self-destructive is an understatement . You 're subjected to about an hour-and-a-half of all this masochistic suffering , blow-by-blow , insult after insult . It gets kind of intense after a while , to the point where you 're about to throw your hands up and exclaim in exasperation
 I have n't seen this music since I was very young . The day I got it in mail I quickly opened it and put in DVD to watch . I did n't leave the couch till the movie ended . I had been searching for this film and movies like it for a long time . If you are a Sammy Davis Jr. , Louis Armstrong , Mel Torme , or Cicely Tyson , Ossie Davis fan such as me , you will thoroughly enjoy this movie . I recommend this film to any music lover , especially jazz .
 I am a very big fan of Sammy Davis Jr. . I had never heard of this movie . I was really impressed . Great acting . A lot of future stars . Highly recommend !!!
 Great story of love . I believe the moral is no matter how you love a person and want the best for them . The person has to want the best for themselves .
 this purchase was a gift for a family member who is learning to play the trumpet and wanted this movie for a collection
 Oh My God ! the most important video of Michael Hedges controlled by the corporate powers that be . Get off your dupas and release this already ! I have a VHS copy with wrinkles in the tape . -LRB- Thanks for the cheap tape stock , corporate overlords ! -RRB- If you saw , or experienced Michael Hedges in any medium , this one really stands out.Please , give us a reason to live ...
 I 've only had the chance to see one of the movies in the box set , which is Manhatan Melodrama . Very good movie , good performances . If you love Myrna and William , then it 's a sure must have . The box contains comedy , melodrama and thriller with one of the screen 's most celebrated couple of actors . Do n't miss it , as the movies are very rare !
 These are classic movies and you ca n't beat Myrna Loy and William Powell together ! Everything they star in is magical .
 William Powell and Myrna Loy made 14 movies together , 6 of which were Thin Man movies as Nick and Nora Charles . This set is 5 of their other films .1 . Manhattan Melodrama - With Clark Gable as a childhood friend of Powell who is a criminal now . This is the movie John Dillinger saw shortly before he was gunned down . 4.5 Stars2 . Evelyn Prentice - A drama and the least of their efforts on this set . Still anything with Powell and Loy is worth watching - 3.5 Stars3 . Double Wedding - Fine Comedy with Powell as a beatnik artist and a Loy as a conservative businesswoman . Powell is slated to marry Loy 's sister but we know that is n't going to happen . - 5 Stars4 . I Love You Again - GREAT comedy with Powell as a former con man with amnesia and Loy as his unhappy wife . Funny and clever and one of the alltime best screwball comedies . 5 Stars is an understatement .5 . Love Crazy - Another fine comedy with Powell being a little more silly and less sophisticated than usual . 4.5 Stars.The chemistry is there in every frame as their talents just seemed to complement each other and fit the situation . They were both great in their own movies but it was certainly special when theyteamed up . A 5 Star set .
 Very good and satisfying set of movies . Brings back memories of a more calm era of the American way of life .
 Even though four different Directors made these five separate films , the magical connection between Powell and Loy shines as bright as ever!If you seek good old fashioned , wholesome entertainment , then this collection is a `` MUST HAVE '' for your video library!If you consider yourself a connoisseur of GREAT old Black & White movies , your library is greatly enhanced with this collection , and of course you MUST ALSO HAVE `` The Complete THIN MAN Collection '' , which I consider to be ` THE GREATEST ' comedies ever made involving a `` Super Sleuth '' Detective!Sit back , relax and enjoy a good laugh !!!
 These guys are really a good match together . So funny and fun to watch with the family . I wish it had the Thin man , which for some reason I thought this had . But I ended up getting the Thin man collection later anyways .
 William Powell and Myrna Loy were the best on screen couple the world has ever seen.I have been watching Movies old and current for almost 40 years and have never foundAn on screen couple I loved more.This DVD collection has been excellent!Some in this set I had never seen . All were great films.These two are a pleasure to watch together and have great comic timing.Lots of nice extras on the dics.These seem to be restored or at least cleaned up versions.Over all I am very happy with the box set.If you like any of these please do yourself a favor and get the Thin Man collection.The Thin Man series is this on screen couples best work.If you are not in love with these two by the second movie ill be surprized .
 We love William Powell and Myrna Loy movies ! We have owned The Thin Man series for some time . We had a few of the movies in this set on VHS up until now . Our favorite is Love Crazy . Manhattan Melodrama sets them in a different light . Along with Clark Gable , another of our favorite classic stars , this movie is a fantastic drama . If you love these stars , you 'll love this series !
 This collection is amazing . I really love this team , and they are some of the best entertainment in the films of the thirties , which is my favorite decade for films . You can not go wrong with this collection . Every bit as good as the Thin Man series . I love the comic silliness of `` Love Crazy '' and `` Manhattan Melodrama '' with Gable is five star . Take a chance . You will love every one of these and watch some of them again and again .
 ` Manhattan Melodrama ' - Jim is an upstanding lawyer and District Attorney . Blackie , Jim 's childhood friend , is a slick-talking owner of an illegal gambling business . Murders have been committed . Jim is conflicted over trying his friend . Eleanor , Jim 's wife , is conflicted over revealing the motive . ` Evelyn Prentice ' - Evelyn feels neglected ; her husband John , a famous defense attorney , is seldom home . While John is out-of-town , Evelyn gets snared in a blackmail trap . The wily blackmailer gets murdered , his girlfriend is accused , and John takes the case . Evelyn is afraid to tell what she knows . ` Double Wedding ' - For Margit , love has no place in her life ; business is her life . She wants to marry-off her sister Irene but Irene 's beau Waldo is a milksop . During a play practice , Waldo flubs a passionate scene with Irene ; playwright Charlie shows him how . Margit tries to stop Irene from marrying the wrong man . ' I Love You Again ' - Kay is ready to divorce Larry , but when he returns home from a sea voyage - during which he received a conk on the head - he is a changed man , a man much to her liking . What she does n't know
 Great actors , actresses and story lines . Old time movies prove that entertainment does n't have to be explicit . Just plain fun .
 all a must see wonderful movies . I love the old William Power & Myran Loy movies . These & the Thin Man Collection are treasures .
 I 'm so glad I purchased this set of William Powell and Myrna Loy movies . I love them in the Thin Man movies , but these show them in a different light and they are so much fun . Manhattan Melodrama -LRB- my personal favorite of the five -RRB- is the very first time Powell and Loy were paired together and the chemistry between them in their first meeting in the cab is so obvious it 's no wonder why they made 14 movies together . Evelyn Prentice is the other drama in the collection and the courtroom scene at the end is very tense and well done . The three comedies , Double Wedding , Love Crazy and I Love You again are laugh out loud great , I Love You Again is my 15 year old daughter 's favorite . I highly recommend this collection to any Powell and Loy fan , you will not be disappointed .
 What a great actor and actress in William Powell and Myrna Loy.Always great movies , clean shows
 Excellent set of Movies for all Nick and Nora fans . Our teen and sub-teen children love them making good family time .
 If you are a Myrna Loy/William Powell fan you will love this collection . While some of the movies play off the Thin Man model , most have the actors showing their extended talents .
 What a pair . I love each of these movies . Nothing better for me than to settle down on a Saturday evening with my favoite couple and be entertained for hours .
 Five greats with William Powell and Myrna Loy . First , is Manhattan Melodrama which is a drama , duh , starring Clark Gable and a few other people you may recognize . Then the mystery thriller , Evelyn Prentice , which is sure to please those of you who love courtroom movies . The next three are all romantic comedies . Double Wedding is one I can watch again and again and is one of the first films I saw with both Powell and Loy in it . I also enjoyed both I Love You Again and Love Crazy . Each film comes with a cartoon , a vintage short and one disc even has a Radio Show . Great classical movies , some OK for the family too!Get it , watch it , enjoy it !
 The jacket was a lot nicer than I imagined it would be - so many classic movie portraits of Powell and Loy ! It 's a good thing the entire package came in an outer paper cover though - because that part was somewhat flattened by the time I opened the package . The movies of course are awesome ! It 's a lot better to own these movies than to watch them every few years when you spot them on tv !
 The plots sometimes seem a little weak , but the actors are good , and the interaction between William Powell and Myrna Loy is fast paced , and fun to watch . We got hooked on William Powell watching My Man Godfrey . If you are not familiar with his movies , I recommend that you start with that one , then watch this series .
 I have always loved these two actors together so it was great to find this - my daughter shares my taste in this area so this was a great gift for her !
 We all loved them in the Thin Man series but each of these movies with William Powell and Myrna Loy are just as good although all are n't comedies and therefore they are n't as funny as they are as Nick and Nora Charles .
 Myrna Loy & William Powell have so much charisma that they make anything they do seem fun . I enjoy the stories , the costumes and the interplay of the actors .
 My wife and I enjoyed the DVD set . We previously purchased the Thin Man DVD set and were anxious to see how this set of DVD 's compared . We were pleasantly surprised . We would recommend the DVD set to anyone who enjoys light mysteries with an ample amount of comedy .
 How can you not love William Powell and Myrna Loy together ? They are hilarious , fun , playful , smart , witty and an absolute joy to watch.This DVD boxed-set includes what was the very beginning of their many teamings , their first scene in which where they are literally thrown together in `` Manhattan Melodrama . '' And the films only get better from there . `` Evelyn Prentice '' is a rather underrated film , a small but great drama which nicely showcases Powell and Loy 's sentimental and sweet sides , and great flair for the dramatic . `` Love Crazy , '' `` Double Wedding '' and `` I Love You Again '' are all equally fantastic comedies , reminding me why I love Powell and Loy so much.The one complaint I would have about the boxed-set is the lack of extras , -LRB- two great documentaries can be found on the `` Thin Man '' boxed-set , though -RRB- , but still , the five films alone are enough to leave any fan of this duo happy , with its hours of Powell-Loy bliss .
 Powell and Loy are incredible together . No acting couple today can match their wit and charm . Buy this collection !!!
 Though this is the first time Williams Powells name has probably been used second to Myrna 's it probably would n't upset him.Thsi is a great DEAL right down to ths good packaging job done on these five DVD 's . Their are many pictures used in this flip-out style case.And not only are all five of these movies of much better quality than I 've seen on TV . They are also a few of the best Powell / Loy , or Loy / Powell movies made ! As well as some of the best movies of there time!Well worth the price!Richard
 Exquisite times , beautiful acting , and wondrous story lines ~ How could you possibly get better than two of the most brilliant actors William Powell and Myrna Loy ~ I was a bit surprised it did n't include Liabled Lady with Spence and Jean , but that 's okay , I actually already have that movie ~ Without a doubt a treasure , one I never wish to part with ~
 Sophistication and elegance mingled with martinis each time William Powell and Myrna Loy made a film together . Their pairing in the wonderful `` The Thin Man '' launched not only the finest series of enjoyable `` A '' class mysteries ever captured on camera , but a screen couple so wonderfully matched that their only rival was the greatest dance partners in the history of film , Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers.After decades of neglect , five of the couple 's films outside `` The Thin Man '' series have been released on this truly beautiful and long awaited collection . It was given the class it deserves , everything about it as delicate and elegant as fine crystal . It slides out and opens up in four panels , lovely pictures of Powell and Loy adorning the glossy design . Even the discs look terrific , with rare photos of the pair gracing the moviegoer when they are removed for viewing.The collection itself is fabulous . `` Manhattan Melodrama '' uses the star power of Powell , Loy , and Clark Gable to overcome any shortcomings this crime drama might have . Though somewhat forgotten today , it is nice to have `` Evelyn Prentice '' included here . It is a warm and involving marital drama with a crime angle.Loy is simply fabulous as a wife and mother who has the trappings of happiness but not the man with which to share it . Urged in the wrong direction by a friend , with blackmail and a murder the outcome , it sounds much more explosive than it really is . But it is more a mature marital drama with Powell showing his love for wife Evelyn in the courtroom , where there will be enough twists and turns to keep you on your toes.The other three films could easily have been given their own collection as they seem to belong together . Each is a very funny comedy with much to recommend it . `` Double Wedding '' has Loy trying to stop Powell from marrying her sister , or her sister from marrying Powell . It is terribly funny and , of course , it 's no surprise who really belongs together.William Powell has never been funnier and Myrna Loy has never been more lovely than in W.S. Van Dyke 's `` I Love You Again . '' Powell is a hoot and Loy is more adorable than ever in this sharp comedy . Powell gets a knock on the head and remembers he 's a less than stellar fellow . But for several years he 's been living an uninspired life which he 's sure involves some dough . But it also involves a babe of a wife who sort of likes this new husband . You can probably fill in the blanks but it 's a lot of fun getting there in this one.In `` Love Crazy , '' marital bliss turns into hilarious chaos when Powell tries to have himself declared insane so wife Loy wo n't divorce him . The trouble is , it works ! This is one of the great marital screwball comedies , with a great supporting cast . It 's a merry mix-up , with Powell 's stay at Doctor Wuthering 's Rest Home a riot . Powell pretending to be his own sister and slapping around Jack Carson in a dress is not to be missed!A wonderful gift I cherish and will enjoy for years to come , this is one of the best designed boxed sets on the market . Film buffs were incredibly happy to see these hard to find films finally given a classy release . If you love film , especially classic films of the 30 's and 40 's , you can not find anything better out there than this beautiful set .
 What could be better than a set of great movies from two great stars!This is a wonderful collection . I hope more sets like this are on the wayfor those of us who love good movies .
 These 5 movies , outside of the `` Thin Man '' series are among the very best the Loy/Powell team did . The first two `` Manhatten Melodrama '' and `` Evelyn Prentice '' are dramas . The later of the two , I feel , was the best . `` Evenlyn Prentice '' is of a neglected attorney 's wife -LRB- Loy -RRB- who although loves her husband -LRB- Powell -RRB- faithfully is slyly targeted by a blackmailer . The blackmailer succeeds in getting letters written by Loy that could be misconstured . Because of her husbands position she goes to retrieve them . Drunk he withholds them . Seeing a gun she holds it on him . He 's shot and Loy flees with the letters , not knowing the outcome until reading the man 's girlfriend has been arrested for the murder . Loy ca n't keep silent believeing she herself killed the man . She begs Powell to defend the girl and when the trial goes badly she stands up and confesses . The outcome is surprising and I will leave that part for the audience to learn . Being a comedy fan I prefer the 3 remaining movies . In `` Double Wedding '' Powell plays a free spirit living in a small trailer , Loy feels Powell is threatening the future of younger sister -LRB- Florence Rice -RRB- who has become enamered with Powell . Loy is determined to get rid of Powell , while he sets out to win Loy over by subtly involving her in his activities , with much humor and fun ensueing . `` I Love You Again '' portrays Powell as a tight fisted `` joiner '' on a cruise . After falling overboard he awakens to find he remembers nothing of his former life , which he had assumed after an earlier hit on the head . He now becomes the man he was originally , a con artist and extravagant spender , suave dresser , dancer , charmer ... attributes his wife , whom he soon meets at the dock , Loy , has never seen . She hates the image in the man she married and has plans to divorce him . Powell has to fake being her husband and the town 's leading citizen in order to bilch the local citizens of their money . To his surprise he likes the life he 's leading and falls , of course , for Loy . `` Love Crazy '' is of a couple madly in love intent on celebrating their anniversary in a bazaar tradition , which goes all wrong prompted by the unannounced arrival of Loy 's mother and Powell 's becoming involved with a former girlfriend in an elevator jam . After many mishaps Loy finally determines Powell has wronged her and files for divorce . Desparate , Powell fakes lunicy in order to prevent the divorce from going through . His antics are hilarious as he breaks out of the assylum and dresses up as his own `` sister '' . Jack Carson plays the sympathetic man to Loy and runs interference with Powell 's plan to win his wife back . I know anyone who enjoys William Powell and Myrna Loy will love this collection . Each movie is on a single dvd .
 If you are a fan of Myrna Loy and William Powell , you will love these movies . This collection of five movies provides you with examples of the couples works in something other than `` The Thin Man '' theme . Three humorus and two melodramas . I felt that the collection made my collection of their movies a little more well rounded . My two favorites were Evelyn Prentice and I Love You Again because the actors made you feel as though they really cared for each other . The wife and I watched these movies during a series of rainy stormy evenings . It was fun .
 powell & loy , they are the quintessential couple -- ever ! they have the best chemistry . watching them act is like seeing astaire & rogers dance , effortless . whoever their co-stars are , they are still as one . I hardily recommend this multi-dvd ensemble . these films are meant to enjoy , over & over again . you wo n't be disappointed !
 These movies are all gems , confirming the great teaming of William Powell and Myrna Loy . Somehow seeing them together never gets old . I also have The Thin Man series on DVD and this is every bit as good . I would have liked to see a few more extras , including commentaries or interviews , but the movies themselves are worth the price . It 's a great chance to see lesser known but great films by great stars .
 If you liked The Thin Man collection then try this disc set.Five of the best non Thin Man pics . I Love You Again is a five star riot .
 This is movie making like , well , like they do n't make any more . Great acting , great chemistry , totally fun . Throw away the modern movies geared to 12 year olds and buy this for the sheer pleasure of watching two of the most wonderful performers ever to grace our movie screens.Frank Scoblete
 We love watching the old movies and you ca n't get much better than William Powell and Myrna Loy ! They are just good old fashion fun for any age !
 with all the suck @ss movies nowadays , save yourself the cash and buy a box set that you will love dearly ... this box set is priceless to me ... i would also recommend the thin man box set ...
 I loved the Thin Man series with Myrna Loy and William Powell and was so pleased to discover the Myrna Loy and William Powell Collection . I was n't disappointed . The two are just dynamic together - witty , smart , flirty , and serious .
 A stunning boxset beutifully designed with wonderful Loy Powell pictures inside and outside . Every film is worth watching especially the later ones . Powell 's and loy 's chemistry does not fade . Definitly a boxset to own along with The Thin Man Collection , these two are timeless . Hghly recommended .
 This collection contains five titles currently not on DVD that were made starring the famous duo during the same time frame as their `` Thin Man '' series . With the exception of 1947 's `` The Senator was Indiscreet '' , this puts all of the Loy/Powell films on DVD . The extras described below are from a press release from Warner Home Video . The biggest let-down about this set is the lack of commentary for any of the films , but Warner probably figures with the amount of documentary material they put in the Thin Man Boxed Set , they would just be going over old territory . The films , in chronological order , are as follows : Manhattan Melodrama -LRB- 1934 -RRB- This is more of a movie with Powell and Loy than one about them as a couple . The focus is more on Clark Gable and William Powell , who play two orphans who grow up together but wind up on opposite sides of the law . Myrna Loy plays the woman that both characters love . Gable plays the gangster in this film , Powell the guy who goes up the political ladder . The melodramatic part is that as D.A. Powell 's character wins a conviction against Gable 's character , and as a result he is sentenced to death . Later , as governor , Powell must decide whether or not to commute his childhood friend 's sentence . Powell is very good here at playing a more serious role.Special Features : Comedy short `` Goofy Movies # 2 `` Classic cartoon `` The Old Pioneer `` Theatrical trailerSubtitles
 When it comes to screen chemistry between two stars , there were probably only four that stood the test of time ... Fred & Ginger , Flynn & de Havilland , Tracy & Hepburn , and my personal -LRB- non-musical -RRB- favorites , the unbeatable combination of WILLIAM POWELL and MYRNA LOY.A million thank-you 's to those amazing folks at Warner Brothers who keep managing to find a way to drain my bank balance ... and I could n't be happier . Every set from Warner is a winner , but this one is particularly appealing , because I 've practically worn out my 6 Thin Man discs!Here we get a broader spectrum of this terrific twosome . Their screwball shenanigans take center stage in laugh-filled romps such as DOUBLE WEDDING , I LOVE YOU AGAIN , and LOVE CRAZY . All hysterical . All worth countless viewings . Equally compelling are the more serious films in this set , the box-office smash MANHATTAN MELODRAMA , where CLARK GABLE shares the screen with Loy and Powell , and the highly underrated EVELYN PRENTICE which is a great showcase for both Ms. Loy and Mr. Powell . All five films will be joined by extra features , as is always the Warner way.If you only know these two as NICK & NORA , you 're in for even more fun ... and you might as well pick up the already-available LIBELED LADY , which is truly one of the greatest comedies of all time.Thank you Warner Home Video for honoring this terrific twosome so wonderfully !
 After a considerable wait , the remaining five movies which starred Powell and Loy is available on DVD and it is really great to be able to enjoy their efforts . Powell and Loy were stars of the very successful `` Thin Man '' series -LRB- the title character was actually the murder victim in the first series , but most of the fans thought it referred to Nick Charles -RRB- . Along with the six movies in the Thin Man series , the pair made seven other movies -LRB- not counting the Powell vehicle `` The Senator was Indiscrete '' in which Loy makes a cameo appearance -RRB- leading many to believe that they were in fact married in real life.The movies in this series run the gamut from the sorts of melodramas that MGM famously churned out in the 30s . To be honest , I prefer the later comedies . Clearly , after the success of the first of the Thin Man movies , producers understood that the pair was very well suited to light comedy and animated banter . In films like `` Love Crazy , '' `` I Love You Again '' and `` Double Wedding , '' Powell and Loy perform well in romantic comedy roles . Loy 's personna as `` the perfect wife '' and her own skills at light comedy make her a perfect foil for Powell 's wisecrakes and prat falls . My favorite of this series is `` I Love You Again '' in which Powell plays a gangster who due amnesia has spent ten years as a squirral stuffing club joining guardian of civic virtue much to Loy 's dismay . In `` Double Wedding '' and `` Love Crazy , '' Powell gets to stretch his comedic range . Loy is of course perfect.The two non-comedies are interesting as well . `` Manhatten Melodrama '' was a massive hit in its day and looks more like the sort of films that Warner Brothers became famous for in which childhood friends follow different paths and Loy is the romantic interest . It is the pair 's only teaming with Gable -LRB- although Loy made several really good films with `` the King '' -RRB- . `` Evelyn Prentis '' appears to have been billed as a romantic comedy , given the trailer -LRB- included in all the movies -RRB- . It is the story of a marriage on the rocks due to the husband 's career and his refusal to spend more time at home . Rosalind Russell is one of the clients in the film in an early role.This is a wonderful series and even includes some cartoons and short subjects . Powell and Loy 's other movies include `` Libeled Lady '' -LRB- with Jean Harlow -LRB- who was slated to marry Powell -RRB- , and `` The Great Zigfeld '' along with the boxed set of Thin Man movies are all available on DVD .
 I had previously bought The Thin Man collection before buying this , which was excellent !! I bought the Myrna Loy and William Powell Collection in the hopes it would be just as wonderful , and it is !! The first movie , Evelyn Prentice is half murder mystery , half court room drama . Evelyn is shamefully neglected by her ambitious husband . Feeling lonely she agrees to have tea with a different gentlemen , although this is as far as the relationship goes , the young man begins to blackmail Evelyn . When a corpse turns up it puts Evelyn and her unaware attorney husband in a tough spot . Manhattan Melodrama is just that , a melodrama . It tells the tale of two boyhood friends that were orphaned together and raised through hardship together . One boy turns out very well -LRB- William Powell -RRB- being honest and successful and scholarly . The other boy 's -LRB- Clark Gable -RRB- life goes awry . he prefers pool halls and gambling and dishonesty to school and his studies . Although both remain loyal lifelong friends , Myrna Loy drives a wedge between the two which is driven deeper when William Powell must decide whether to help his outlaw pal or choose his honesty . I Love You , Again is a hilarious comedy about stoic Larry Wilson -LRB- William Powell -RRB- who is hit on the head and suddenly remembers that he has had a lapse of memory for the past 9 years and is actually George Carey , the gangster . Soon discovering that during his state of amnesia he had married beautiful Kay -LRB- Myrna Loy -RRB- . Larry/George gets all geared up for some romance only to discover that his wife is filing for divorce . Also he is setting up a big scam for the people of Habersville . Between trying to win back his wife 's affection and manage in a town where he is well known yet knows nothing himself puts him in many hilarious scrapes . Double Wedding is also a comedy . Margit -LRB- Myrna Loy -RRB- is a controlling woman who decides her sister 's and her sister 's fiancee 's every move . When the sister decides not to marry her fiancee , Charles -LRB- William Powell -RRB- decides to help her ex-fiancee win her back , in the process falling in love with Margit . Now Powell must find a way to loosen the formidable Loy up enough to be able to accept his love . Love Crazy is by far the best film in the entire collection . Steve and Susan Ireland are all set for a romantic anniversary only to be interrupted by Susan 's meddling mother . Mother sends Steve off to mail a policy and when he runs into old flame Isobel Grayson , his mother-in-law blows the situation out of proportion to Susan . Susan then calls Mr. Grayson , Isobel 's husband , and asks him if they can give their spouses a `` taste of their own medicine '' by kissing when they come home . Much confusion ensues when Susan , never having met Mr. Grayson , goes to the wrong man 's apartment . After a confusing and troubling night Susan leaves Steve . The night before Susan and Steve are to go before the judge for their divorce , Steve 's lawyer comes up with a scheme that if Steve pretends to be insane , that Susan can not divorce him for at least five years -LRB- which was the law of that day and age -RRB- . After many hysterical antics Steve convinces the court and the public that he is insane . Susan , who is not fooled a bit , retaliates by having him committed to an institution . Steve is now caught in his own trap but has no way out . I wont spoil the ending for y' all ! Anyway this is a wonderful collection of classic movies . All fans of `` The Thin Man '' wo n't be disappointed by this collection ! -RRB-
 This set of William Powell/Myrna Loy films contains all of the MGM films , with the exception of `` The Great Ziegfield '' and `` Libeled Lady '' , which they made together not featuring `` The Thin Man '' characters . While the dramas are OK , comedy was their forte . Powell usually played some sort of nutty character and Loy was the sane base around which the nuttiness revolved . The set is a showcase for Powell 's versatility but their smooth rapport and warm charm is always a pleasure.First off is `` Manhattan Melodrama '' a drama starring Clark Gable and the first film in which Powell and Loy appeared together . This is the oft repeated yarn about boyhood friends who take different paths in life . Gable is a gangster and Loy switches allegiance from him to lawyer Powell . It is interesting to watch how she reacts to the different acting styles of the 2 male stars ; brittle with Gable and soft with the other . All of them are excellent . One very odd standout is the song in a nightclub , sung by white Shirley Ross , with a bad black wig and swarthy makeup , fronting a black band and singing `` The Bad in Every Man '' in torchy style , a song which evolved into `` Blue Moon '' - bizarre ! The film was directed by W S Van Dyke , who was the one who saw Powell and Loy 's potential and teamed them in `` The Thin Man '' , their next film . Van Dyke was known for the speed of his direction and this film has a pace which makes it more comparable to a Warner Brother 's product than the usual overblown MGM product . Keep an eye out too for a very young and talented Mickey Rooney as Gable as a kid . `` Evelyn Prentice '' was the first film Powell and Loy made after the standout success of `` The Thin Man '' . In this one , Powell is a lawyer who works too hard and neglects wife Loy . Adultery and murder result in an unusual courtroom drama with a twist but Loy underacts to the point of inertia . In terms of reality , the film suffers from the usual MGM gloss , overdressed stars and glamorous sets . Warner Brothers would have made this more dynamic and convincing.In 1938 , `` Double Wedding '' was farce whereby bohemian Powell melts officious Loy . The film is quite amusing due to the smooth performances of the stars but there are too many close-ups of supporting Florence Rice and John Beal , who obviously were getting a build up , one which neither subsequently warranted . Once again , the MGM house style with production line direction from Richard Thorpe makes this a pleasant way of passing 90 minutes but Powell and Loy are better than their material . By the way , Loy has some great close ups and looks terrific.Released in 1940 , `` I Love you Again '' is a quite amusing comedy showcasing Powell as an amnesia victim . Like most of these films , the comedy revolves around the scrapes which Powell gets into and he is very funny as an amnesia victim . Loy 's role , as his wife , is much less interesting . There is the usual good supporting cast but the film is overlong , once again with too many close-ups and that stolid feel from which many MGM films suffered.The last film is `` Love Crazy '' , a marital/divorce farce , the highlight of which is Powell in impeccable drag . This might be the funniest film of all . There is a great performance by Florence Bates as Loy 's mother and other good supporting players such as Sig Rumann and Gail PatrickAll of the prints are unrestored and therefore variable but mostly good . `` Manhattan Melodrama '' notably looks pristine . The set contains original trailers , some mostly dumb MGM cartoons , some in faded colour , and a few MGM goofy movies , Pete Smith narrated scripts to an antique silent melodrama - very corny . `` Double Wedding '' contains an unusual musical short with Busby Berkeley cuties set in an art deco dentist 's office . This has to be seen to be believed.The set is good value .
 This is a beautifully presented box set of Powell & Loy which gives youan insight to films they made together other than the `` Thin Man '' seriesthe clarity of the discs and the sound quality surprised me consideringthe films age.As for the actors I would buy a film of Powell and Loy shopping inWal-Mart i 'm that easily pleased , but if you want to see the golden ageof Hollywood and a mixture of drama and screwball comedy at its bestthen look no further
 I was glad to see my mother at work at MGM two years before I was born . I am 73 years old.Mother was an MGM starlet in 1934 . I had not been able to find a copy of this short after it was seen in part on TCM . I wrote TCM and searched the IMDB to no avail.And then this collection appeared ! It fills the bill and is probably also appreciated by William Powell and Myrna Loy fans as well.Mother stars in the short musical film `` Dancing on the Ceiling . '' She plays the dentist . What is significant about this film is that it may have been the precursor to the ceiling dancing film done by Fred Astiare.This short is not associated with the Lionel Richie , Frank Sinatra or Ella Fitzgerald works of the same name done more recently.I am still looking for a copy of the first MGM Technicolor musical short which starred Mother titled `` Gypsy . ''
 Myrna Loy and William Powell Collection -LRB- Manhattan Melodrama / Evelyn Prentice / Double Wedding / I Love You Again / Love Crazy -RRB- Is there a better way to spend the day than with the charming Powell or the beautiful & witty Loy . The best ever coupling of two hollywood stars . If you enjoy watching class in action or witty dialogue you will love these 4 movies especially Manhattan Melodrama that has the extra bonus of the wonderful CLARK GABLE .
 Just got ta say I may be biased on liking this collection , because I think Myrna Lot is the best actress to come out of Hollywood . This is the second set teaming her with William Powell -LRB- the first being the awesome Thin Man collection -RRB- . This is a great set of films that Warner Brothers did a fantastic job on cleaning these prints . They are so clean and clear , its hard to believe these were made in the '30s . Warner has always done wonder with these older films . And this collection is no exception . Just glad to see these classics look so good ! This really makes Mr hungry for more of Myrna Loy 's work from Warner Brothers vault get a great make over like these great little movies.Would love to see Penthouse , Prize fighter and the Lady and others put together for a Myrna Loy collection.But unfortunately they just get the DVD-R treatment . Myrna Loy deserves her own collection because she is truly the one actress from the '30s and '40s that really looked great on the silver screen.A true icon indeed !
 Good movies to bring back old memories ! These actors are legendary and having this product at such a good price made my purchase even better .
 This was a gift for my husband who loves all the Thin Man movies . We watched these together and found these movies to be very good and would recommend them to anyone who enjoys the chemistry between these two excellent actors of days gone by !
 These two actors were among the greatest of the 1930 's . Both were exceptionally good clever entertainers.i doubt there has ever been a couple to match them , both here and in the Thin Man series
 We bought another thin man series and saw reviews for this DVD set saying it was a good set . I loved it !!!
 Myrna Loy and William Powell are like gin and vermouth ... smooth , icy and always ready with a kick . Sure they 're outdated -- sadly -- but it 's oh so fun to watch .
 I watched these movies for the first time and was pleasantly surprised . The on screen chemistry between these two is something that can not be matched . My favorites from the set are I Love You Again and Double Wedding . You wo n't be disappointed .
 What an incredible collection of the Thin Man series . A total of six movies and a seventh was a bonus about the two stars , William Powell and Myra Loy . This was a gift and we were able to watch three of the movies before our house guest left after the holidays . I was sad to see the gift go , ha ha . No seriously , I highly recommend this set of The Thin Man series . .
 This is also for my uncle to add to his collection of old movie greats . This has to be one of the best actor pairings of all time !
 The first one , &#34; Manhattan Melodrama , &#34; was worth the price of the whole set . The others are good clean stories , and they do have stories . Unlike the new stuff today they can be watched by almost any audience without embarrassment and are good fun .
 They were an amazing couple on screen . They just seemed to belong together . Compared to what we see today , there is no comparison . These old movies are what people should still be seeing to learn how to treat each other .
 What can you say about the Thin Man series ... The chemistry between William Powell and Myrna Loy is magical .
 5 Stars = Best , 1 Star = BadManhattan Melodrama = 4 starsEvelyn Prentice = 3 starsDouble Wedding = 5 starsI Love You Again = 3 starsLove Crazy = 4 Stars
 If you are a fan of Myrna Loy and William Powell films , this collection is a must ! It contains two dramas , Manhattan Melodrama , and Evelyn Prentice , which shows these two stars at their dramatic best , and three comedies , Double Wedding , I Love You Again and Love Crazy . The only difficulty is deciding which of these three comedies is most enjoyable.Thin Man series fans , this is a great addition !
 As if the Thin Man set were n't funny enough ! Now this set nearly completes all the Myrna Loy/William Powell movies . The only one lacking is The Great Ziegfeld . The zany comedy and madcap antics continue in all the movies from this set except for Manhattan Melodrama . This movie , also starring Clark Gable is very touching and a great addition to the set . Even if you have never seen a Loy/Powell movie , this will be a great set to begin your classic movie journey with .
 Powell and Loy were fantastic together in all their movies and besides The Thin Man Series these are some of the best -LRB- & funniest -RRB- of their films . A must for Powell/Loy fans or super introduction to classic films of the 30 's & 40 's .
 One need not agree with everything one sees in a film , one need not agree with the politics of the actors either . But , William Powell and Myrna Loy were and remain so , on film , a special team . When they were apart on screen , they were good , but together some `` chemistry '' occurred that made them great in telling a story or just having a few laughs .
 No one does it better than William Powell and Myrna Loy . Their timing and chemistry are superb . This is another great collection of films that will meet or exceed the quality of one 's classic film library.Powell and Loy are unequalled whether they are in a comedy or a drama . If you love fine films , add this to your collection . And put it next to your `` Thin Man '' collection.There are very few classic film duos from the golden age of motion pictures and William Powell and Myrna Loy are at the top of that list . A huge thanks to Warner Home Video for releasing these great films on DVD .
 A great set . Few people know that Manhattan Melodrama was the film that the infamous gangster John Dillinger saw just before he was gunned down by FBI agent C.B. Winstead outside the Biograph Theater on Chicago 's Lincoln Avenue on July 22 , 1934 . Dillinger was in the company of two women , one of whom is believed to have set him up . Dillinger was shot three times with a Colt .45 automatic
 This is one of the most enjoyable movie sets I ever purchased . The comedies are terrific and the dramas a nice surprise . Worth the price !
 It 's so much fun to see an old movie you have never seen before . I really enjoy seeing the background shots of the older movies the old cars telephones and clothes of these movies . The plots are not terribly deep but it 's fun to see them . This is a group of movies one can watch before sleep or while doing other things or just relaxing and enjoying .
 I bought this movie cause I love all the old movies . This DVD was in good shape and all in all I loved it .
 I am very pleased with this box set . It was delivered sooner than expected and the quality of the DVDs is excellent . The box set has given me many hours of viewing pleasure . It was certainly money well spent ! Congratulations Amazon on your superb service !
 The set was perfect , had all the movies . I recieved them for christmas and have watched the movies twice and I am still laughing .
 I have not watched all the movies on the dvd , only a few of the comedies , so far I love the dvd 's . These two had a great chemistry together .
 Works as described in the product description . If your a Dick Powell and Myrna Loy fan you will love this collection !
 They work together so well LOVE them and if you have not seen the Thin Man seriers I would recommand that one as weel . Great movies to watch on cooled or rainy days .
 Love this series . I got them quickly , still watching them from time to time . Good deal , good service.word word
 Five really enjoyable movies . Whether serious acting in Manhattan Melodramaand Evelyn Prentice to the comedy preformances in Double Wedding , I LoveYou Again and Love Crazy , it shows the range of acting of Myrna Loy andWilliam Powell . Most people only think of them in the Thin Man Series , butnever realized they made five other movies together . This five move set isa must for all Myrna Loy and William Powell fans .
 Theses are either &#34; REMASTERED &#34; or &#34; EXCELLENT QUALITY REPRODUCTIONS!I 'LL SAY IT AND SAY IT AGAIN ... . SUBPERB !!
 Myrna Loy and William Powell had such great screen chemistry that this set of films was a no-brainer . I bought my wife The Thin Man collection previously . These films have that Loy-Powell chemistry in different settings . My wife loved it .
 This was purchased as a gift for someone who loves old movies . I chose this because it had more than on movie .
 I 've been sick and tired of the crap that they show on tv/cable lately so I decided to revisit the classics . There 's nothing like them !!! I was first introduced to this fabulous team when I caught one of their &#34; Thin Man &#34; movies , after that I was hooked for life . I purchased that set -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- and enjoy them during my movie marathons . One day while I was watching the TCM channel I saw &#34; I Love You Again &#34; was coming on , saw who was in it and knew I would n't be disappointed.There is nothing like the classic movies for clean , well rounded acting , suspense , drama and comedy all rolled into a wonderful movie that your kids could watch . Unlike today where there a cuss words -LRB- mind you I 'm not a prude in anyway -RRB- , nudity , sex and computers to do what the old &#34; Masters &#34; did n't need to do and even got better results.So if your tired of bad TV/Cable like I am then give the classics a shot , I bet you wo n't be disappointed .
 The footage of Travelscope 's South African tour given by Joesph Rosendo was breathtaking ! I would love to excperience the Zebras and Lions in the moutains . I also loved the scenes with the Ostrich and Penguins by the beach.Alexander
 12 Classic Television Comedies
 This DVD set probably gives a better picture than viewers got when the programs were new in the ' 50 's and ' 60 's .
 This dvd gave me a touch of the old shows I saw as a kid . It included original commercials and sponsor plugs . The overall quality is excellent . I was reminded how live television was created . Lots of fun !
 I like this video the most out of the slayer 3-pack because it contains one of the funniest angel and buffy moments in `` angel . '' Angel has been hiding in her bedroom while Buffy was in school . When she comes back , she sees her diary on the table and freaks out . Accusing him of reading it , she rambles on that when she called him a hunk in the diary , she meant it in a bad way and that when she described his eyes as penetrating , she really meant to write bulgy . I just think this moment was well-written , which is the norm for the show anyway . In this episode , she discovers that angel is a vampire but that does n't really seem to throw her off too much as buffy and willow discuss a possible relationship with angel . Their first kiss occurs in this show . `` Puppet show '' was also funny with the trio forced into participating in the school talent show while trying to find a murderer . As the end credits roll , you 'll see how horrible xander , willow and buffy are in the talent show . Also , if they can put the whole 1st season of sex in the city on video , they can certainly do the same for buffy -LRB- which is a better show anyway -RRB- . Or at least produce more videos for us buffy fans . This is my favorite show on TV because of its sarcasm , humor , action , and drama .
 This collection episodes is great for Buffy fans , or people who have no idea what Buffy is . This video is what the show is all about . Humor , drama , sorrow , love , friendship , etc. is all in these two episodes . `` Angel '' describes the relationship between Buffy and Angel , and gives viewers a look into his life . `` The Puppet Show '' may give off a creepy vibe , but it 's one of the episodes I laugh at everytime I watch it , it 's so funny . If you have n't seen these episodes , or even if you have , you should get this video !
 In all of television history , I ca n't think of a better love story than that of Angel and Buffy , the mismatched lovers on `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer . '' It has passion , sex , violence , all the angst of youth tormented by parents and a world that contrives to keep them apart . The episode `` Angel '' introduces us to that romance and it 's a great way for newcomers to the series to catch up . `` The Puppet Show '' is creepy but also a real riot . The strength of `` Buffy '' has always been its knack for portraying high school as a horror movie . Sure , vampires are scary . But so are high school principals with Napoleon complexes . I only hope the WB releases more episodes on videotape .
 The VDO is good i like the angel episode :D ... the puppet show wz ok but the VDO is worth it 4 just the Angel episode : D
 `` Angel '' is a very pivotal episode from the first season of Buffy the Vampire Slayer when Buffy discovers her boyfriend is a vampire with a soul , but `` The Puppet Show '' is a below average one , although the tag sequence is a hoot . Why you would want just this tape instead of the entire boxed set is beyond me .
 This third and final tape in the collection of episodes from the first season of `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' presents `` Angel , '' one of the pivotal episodes , along with a rather pedestrian effort `` The Puppet Show . '' What this means of course is that like most aficionados of Buffy I am stunned that the set concludes with `` The Puppet Show '' instead of the pivotal `` Prophecy Girl '' which wrapped up the whole story arc regarding the Master . Fortunately , Joss Whedon has been more selective in his collections for seasons two and three . `` Angel , '' written by David Greenwalt , really completes the initial set up for the series as Buffy learns that the mysterious man in her life is not only a vampire , but also a vampire with a soul . What a difference a kiss can make . This is where the ascent to the epic heights of `` Becoming , '' which ended the second season , really begins as Buffy and Angel are established as two of the most star-crossed lovers in history . After the shattering revelation in `` Angel , '' the adventure of Sid the talking dummy in `` The Puppet Show , '' written by Dean Batali & Rob Des Hotel , is something of a let down , although the tag sequence of Buffy , Willow and Xander butchering `` Oedipus Rex '' is truly memorable . But when it comes to significant episodes in the Buffy mythos , `` Angel '' is definitely on the short list .
 I think that buffy is now one of the best series in the world . She 's strong , funny , pretty . She has what we want to have in our live . She makes us dream . Thank you Buffy
 These two episdoes are the best in the pack . First you got Angel which is the episode when Buffy learns the truth about Angel and when they share there first kiss . Then you have the puppet show . Even though many people do n't like it I think it 's one of the greatest epsidoes in the video pack . A horrible murder happens at the school talent show and Buffy suspects that sid , a wodden dummy is the killer .
 Iliked it so much when she killed that nasty monster.Agin buffy and angle did a good job !!!!!!! . I hope they get to do another movie agin
 Ich h&auml;tte eine sehr dringende Frage.Gibt es Buffy Videos auch in Deutsch?Mir scheint es so , dass diese Videos nur auf Englisch sind.Ich w&uuml;rde dann auch gerne wissen wann der Buffy Soundtrack -LRB- zur Serie -RRB- auf den Markt kommt.K&ouml;nnten sie mir helfen .
 I have all three Buffy The Vampire Slayer videos and all are great . In `` Angel '' and `` The puppet show '' it is full of comedy , and drama . Sarah Michelle Geller and David Boreanaz are wonderful together . This is a must have video !
 Both episodes were great and the special interview with Joss Whedon about both episodes was cool . Any real Buffy fan should have this tape .
 I would n't pass up this in a life time . It 's cool lookin ' back at the first eps . and the very first `` Buffy '' . SMG kicks @ $ $ !!!!
 Again another example of the Buffy 's cast excelent acting . This video is a must buy for all buffy fan 's out there . And if you 're not a fan . . but it anyways who knows , you might get hooked !
 I THOUGHT THE TWO SHOWS WERE VERY GOOD . THEY COULD OF DONE MORE ABOUT THE TALENT SHOW IN THE PUPPET MASTER .
 This is the coolest video ! It is fun to look back at the first episodes
 This is another great continuation of the Buffy series . If you have seen the film and the series that sprang from it then you will love this.Go out and buy it . I have and i do n't regret it for a second , and neither will you !
 As a proud Buffy fan , this movie is great ! The Angel episode is actually sad because you find out that the really hot guy is evil ! And one of his `` friends '' come back to haunt him and his new found love ... The Puppet Show episode is an epidode that Joss whedon wanted to do from the beginning , it 's the evil dummy episode ! When the school `` talentLESS '' show comes around something fishy is going on . What Buffy thinks is a demon cuts a heart out with a knife ! Do n't demons have nails ?
 I thought that it was REALLY goo
 I love buffy it is a great show . anyways u really wan na get this tape because it has ANGEL on it ! the episode is great not to mention david b. is HOT !!! thats all for now
 WHERE IS IT ? IVE BEEN WAITING FOR A LONG , LONG TIME , FOR THIS GEM TO COME OUT ON DVD . THIS IS THE BEST SCORPS VIDEO THEY MADE ! NOW THAT THEY ARE CALLING IT QUITS , THEIR VIDEOS ARE ALL WE WILL HAVE LEFT ! WHATEVER COMPANY OWNS THE RIGHTS TO THIS , ... WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR ?
 Great DVD , ONE OF THE BEST GROUPS OF Hard rock/heavy metal history , reviewing the history of the group among the tour from 1982-1985 approximately dvd with great picture and sound quality suitable for anyone fond of the genre .
 I just put my 25-year old VHS in my machine and it was eaten !! The tape is wound up inside the machine . Now what do I do ?? I 've been wanting this dvd ever since dvd was invented !!
 it is insane that this is not out on DVD STILL , given the Scorps massive popularity around the world . There needs to be an official , remastered release , or else everyone will turn to boots for copies
 Great video . Thanks Good to see this band in a different setting other than music videos . I 'm glad to get this VHS tape .
 After reading other reviews , I was expecting to be disappointed . However , the DVD was MUCH better than other reviewers had indicated and I was very pleasantly surprised.If you are a die-hard Scorpions fan , this is a `` must-have '' . The DVD is mostly interviews , but that 's what I was looking for . Other DVD 's have great music , but you barely ever hear the guys TALK . Although the woman who conducts the interviews is pretty bad -LRB- Matthias even asks her at one point if she `` is serious '' -RRB- , the answers from the band offer deep insights into their intelligence , their commitment to their music , their deep friendship , their thoughts on world peace , etc. . Rudolf and the other band members describe each other , name their favorite songs/albums/tours etc. and you get a real feel for their personalities . The guys are all funny , smart and dedicated.Truly a MUST for anybody who wants to get to know the men behind the music.The snippets of music are -LRB- of course -RRB- GREAT and there are several shots from videos , tours and photo shoots.As a lifelong musician myself , I like to get into the `` process '' as well as just appreciate the music . I was very pleased to `` meet the band '' and see them as more than just beautiful men who make beautiful music . Their intelligence and concern over world issues gives the listener a whole new appreciation for their music.My ONLY negative comment would be that they should have gotten an interviewer with a bit more intelligence -- but then again , that only adds to the comedic value of some spots ! It is HYSTERICAL when Matthias looks her in the eye with a `` you 're kidding '' expression !
 It took awhile for me to get it but after viewing I did find that some of it was a bit disappaointing because I was at that Reunion Arena show in Dallas Texas that they showed only a small snippet of on the video and I still remember Klause Meine somewhere down towards the end of the concert grabbing ahold of a steel grating that they had set up on the stage at an angle and he completely turned himself upside down and was pumping his midsection from the excitement and energy coming off the audience and the music as if he was in the process of being electrocuted and it was phenominal to say the least , they did not show that on or in this video but it would make a great addition on the DVD but $ 30.00 dollars for a 1 hour dvd is not my cup of tea . So they need to get the DVD out with expanded material on it.The VCR version was only about $ 5 bucks and was in pretty good condition , the tape had not been chewed up so the guy must have taken pretty good care of it . After all this was a World Wide tour.I will be sad to see them go but it 's very expensive to put on a world wide production . And the guys are all older now and have families . That is unless they pull a fast one on people as Kiss did a few years ago . I went to the recent one courtesy of a radio station and was stunned at how advanced it was . I was floored by James Kottak 's -LRB- Kottak Attack -RRB- the dude is phenominal on drums . I heard they sold out the Staples Center show that I was at although I did see many empty seats in the nosebleed sections .
 Nice DVD . I finally got to know what videos and ablums the band liked without posting that question in the Scorpions official website . I enjoyed the interview a lot , and I must admit that the lady who interviewed the band was n't really smart. :-RRB- The thing that bugs me is that they showed a snip of concert footage when the band was playing Coast to Coast . They did n't show Klaus playing the guitar ! They only showed Rudy and Francis in one angle only .
 3 Men ... Comic Book
 3 Men and A Comic Book is a really funny episode -LRB- with a Wonder Years parody that is inspired and hilarious -RRB- . Lisa 's Substitute , though , is one of the best things ever to appear on television . It 's not the funniest Simpsons , but it is far and away the best . The reviewer below pretty much summed it all up , but I just have to second it here . It 's really touching and insightful , and just perfect .
 When Bart , Milhouse and Martin put togather to buy a comic book they do n't know what trouble it leads to . Lisa 's class gets a part-time teacher and Lisa ends up getting a crush on him ! Buy this video now ! I really recomend it !
 Bart , Milhouse and Martin all put there money together to buy a special editon comic book of `` Radio Active Man . '' Without thinking there will be problems ahead.Like who gets to keep it at whos house.Many problems come about when Bart seems to think that Millhouse and Martin are teaming up against him to take the book away from him . Millhouse and Bart tie Martin up in the tree house so he cant go to the bathroom because Bart thinks he is trying to steal the comic . `` I have to go to the bathroom Bart `` Martin Says . `` So do I but you dont see me getting up `` Bart replys.In the aftermath of a battle between Bart and Millhouse the comic book flys to the ground and then santas little helper tears it appart and then lightning stikes it.making it unrepairable.In the end they learned they ruined the book because they couldnt share with eachother .
 The ninth edition of The Best of The Simpsons is overall a pretty good one . I 'll tell you what happened in each episode and what I rate them overall.Three Men and a Comic Book
 I 'm sort of a Simpsons fan by default ; my boyfriend is a fanatic , which means I 've seen every episode multiple times . One Friday night , we decided to put together a list of our top 25 episodes , and `` Three Men and a Comic Book '' came out # 4 . Bart , Milhouse , and Martin pool their money to purchase Radioactive Man # 1 , but when they begin fighting over the comic , hilarity ensues . `` Lisa 's Substitue '' is also a great episode -LRB- # 23 on our list -RRB- , but in many ways , it 's more poignant than funny . Lisa 's regular teacher , Mrs. Hoover , is out with an extended illness , so Lisa 's class gets a young , hip substitute who actually cares about teaching . Lisa quickly develops a crush on the teacher -LRB- voiced by Dustin Hoffman in an uncredited appearance -RRB- and strikes an unfavorable comparison between the substitute and the other male role model in her life , her father.This is also a great set for introducing others to The Simpsons . My boyfriend 's father was very skeptical , but when we showed him these two episodes , he really enjoyed them . If you 're a fan of the show yourself , this set is a must-have .
 The well meaning documentary `` Out Late '' covers a group of individuals whose stories might not ordinarily get told or explored . And yet , by no means , are the tales unique or isolated -- just underrepresented . The five men and women featured in this hour long film all came to not only embrace the truth about their sexuality , but made the decision to come out and live openly despite their ages ranging between 57 and 79 . Most had been married , had children , and lived full lives in some form of deception . They did n't have the openness , opportunities , and role models that we have today . But proving that it 's never too late to be yourself , they have chosen to defy expectations and embrace the lives they were meant to live . It 's hard not to take these lessons to heart and it is only through open expressions like this that the country 's attitudes will continue to evolve in relationship to homosexual and transgendered issues . Some of the stories are impassioned , some exuberant , and some gently hopeful -- but at only an hour , these are but brief insights into complicated lives.The principles include : Elaine
 This is a powerful movie . I showed it to friends on an Olivia cruise and gave it to them to take to the minister of their &#34; open and affirming &#34; church . In the event that there are a few members of that church still a little reluctant to accept gays and lesbians as fully human beings , this movie will open their eyes . I 'll never forget the sad , hopeful , brave individuals in this film and certainly recommend it to everyone on the planet .
 Excellent , wish it was longer to look into more of their lives . Education is the key to letting people understand what someone endures to be happy in life
 I bought the code 1 of final analysis from Singapore video shop ... hee hee and watch have watched it . The story is about two sister whom one of them is a killer and the other is a non killer where the killer finally fell to her death while trying to shoot investigating officer with a gun . -LRB- The killer is trying to tell the investigating officer a story and in the end killed his would be bridegroom to death with a dumbell , she later caught the investigating officer for finding out what caused her to kill and she decided to get rid of him -RRB- . The other woman whom is the sister of the killer finally found a suitable boyfriend . A recommended buy ... Review by : Ang Poon KahPhD -LRB- Prof -RRB- in political science from Cambridge University and NUS.PhD -LRB- Prof -RRB- in Neuroscience from Cambridge University and NUS.PhD -LRB- Prof -RRB- in Technology from Cambridge University and NUS.PhD -LRB- Prof -RRB- in Security System from Cambridge University and NUSPhD -LRB- Prof -RRB- in Computer from Cambridge University and NUS.PhD -LRB- Prof -RRB- in film from Cambridge University and NUS.PhD -LRB- Prof -RRB- in Business from Cambridge University and NUS.PhD -LRB- Prof -RRB- in Electronics Engineering from Cambridge University and NUS.Bachelor degree in computer studies from Techco UniversityZakkers film director
 If you 're into mind games , this is a movie treat for you . I 'm glad this dvd is out so i added it to my collection . For the price i paid for this dvd , it is worth it . In this movie , Kim Basinger played a sweet & innocent but daring role into pursuing an opportunity of getting rid of her rich husband -LRB- Eric Roberts -RRB- . The object of her desire is her sister -LRB- Uma Thurman -RRB- and hunk psychologist -LRB- Richard Gere -RRB- who all three gamble for deceit and manipulation . The question is , who of the three will prevail ? The movie naturally ignites with heavy drama and suspense with metaphores and their meaning . This is what Richard Gere , the psychologist , needs to figure out . I just love that part when Richard Gere entraps Kim Basinger in saying `` You 're right about double jeopardy '' . I think this is the best acting role that Kim Basinger had ever pursued over all her other movies even LA Confidential , where she won Golden globe award as best actress .
 If you 're into mind games , this is a movie treat for you . I 'm glad this dvd is out so i added it to my collection . For the price i paid for this dvd , it is worth it . I only wish there were added features like a theatrical trailer and biographies of the actors . In this movie , Kim Basinger played a sweet & innocent but daring role into pursuing an opportunity of getting rid of her rich husband -LRB- Eric Roberts -RRB- . The object of her desire is her sister -LRB- Uma Thurman -RRB- and hunk psychologist -LRB- Richard Gere -RRB- who all three gamble for deceit and manipulation . The question is , who of the three will prevail ? The movie naturally ignites with heavy drama and suspense with metaphores and their meaning . This is what Richard Gere , the psychologist , needs to figure out . I just love that part when Richard Gere entraps Kim Basinger in saying `` You 're right about double jeopardy '' . I think this is the best acting role that Kim Basinger had ever pursued over all her other movies even LA Confidential , where she won Golden globe award as best actress .
 I really enjoyed this movie . Suspense , many twists and turns and I have to say that Kim Basinger was awesome . I also thought Eric Roberts did an incredible job in the short time he appeared in the movie . If you like suspense and some surprises , you will enjoy it .
 Film buffs know about Alfred Hitchcock , the portly director of many exciting thrillers from the 30s all the way into the 70s . If he were alive maybe he would be flattered that this movie was made , which uses elements from the Hitchcock classic `` Vertigo '' -- it 's even set in San Francisco ! Consider the strength of the cast
 Was very pleased with this purchase . It was received in a short time after ordered and I was very happy with the service I received .
 A psychiatrist breaches professional ethics by falling in love and starting a romance with the sister of one of his patients.The sister of his patient steals the psychiatrist heart by telling him that she 's not happily married . Her husband is abusive - gangster kind of guy . Soon she kills her husband and her excuse is
 What can I say , except I got this movie because I 'm a lifetime fan of Richard Gere . I 've never been disapointed in one of his movies . This movie and the acting was excelent , the story line was powerful . I really could n't guess what the ending would be like . If I had made a guess , I would have been wrong . This one you 'll just have to see for yourself . Gere fan or not I think you 'll enjoy it .
 Final Analysis played great in my player and it was priced just right ; not too pricy . The delivery was prompt and the DVD was in good shape .
 This movie brought back memories of when I fist saw it in the movie theater . The twists and turns this movie takes you on are like no other movies I have seen in todays world . Watched it with my significant other and we 're still talking about different parts of the movie . We will be watching this many times over .
 If you come across Final Analysis and are expecting a steamy , romantic , love story between Kim Basinger and Richard Gere then you may be slightly disappointed . However , if you are expecting a mysterious , psychological thriller , with a twist ending then this is the movie for you . I was one of the former mentioned people after seeing a scene of this movie on Oxygen . When I was finally able to have it to watch I suddenly became more interested in the psychology and mystery of the story rather than the relationship between Kim and Richard . Even if you 're one of those people who thinks they 've figured out the end as soon as it starts , this movie is still worth the watch for the dialouge and acting . I would recommend this film to anyone as a good movie , but they will either be surprised or disappointed with it after they watch it , but it 's worth finding out so order yourself a copy and check it out for yourself .
 Kim is as usual , hot . Overall the movie is well done . Good job . Well worth your time .
 worth seeing ... lots of action , rare footage ... a must for the boxing afficanado
 This was Eider 's first -LRB- and to date , only -RRB- solo record after leaving the Jazz Butcher Conspiracy , and it 's hard to imagine a more sly and sophisticated debut . Shuffling through styles , Eider invests every one of these songs with his trademark wry world view . Standout tracks include
 Join in a celebration of one of music 's most compelling styles as the masters of reggae perform their most well-known works . For true fans of this vital , infectious sound , Island Reggae Greats is a must ! 1985 - Color - NSTC - 28 minutes1 . Burning Spear - Jah Is My Driver2 . Third World - Now That We 've Found Love3 . Black Uhuru - Solidarity4 . Aswad - Chasing For The Breeze5 . Bob Marley - War / No More Trouble6 . Linton Kwesi Johnson - The Great Insurrection7 . Toots And The Maytals - Reggae Got Soul
 The DVD & Jeremy are wonderful and helpful . However , Jeremy received bad advice from someone . Several of the lessons are based upon the use of brushes `` included '' in the DVD . However they are not there . Instead there is a note saying in effect , `` Oops , I intended they be here , but you can get them by buying my book for $ 49 . ''
 Assuming this is the same as the DVD version produced by Barry in 2004 , it is fantastic ! A high-energy 1983 Barry concert to 40,000 people in England , this is absolutely superb . It includes great versions of his songs , kibitzing with the audience , and Barry singing `` The Lion Sleeps Tonight '' . Of course , I recommend the DVD version , which is the one I have and is more durable than a VHS tape . England LOVES Barry Manilow . The roar of 40,000 people is phenominal!Here is my review from the DVD version , which includes a brief chat with Barry . It is available so hopefully Amazon will put it out there.Wow ! Awesome ! A young Barry -LRB- with a very curly head of hair -RRB- , performing a high-energy concert at Blenheim Palace in England in 1983 in front of 40,000 people ! When they scream , the sound is deafening!The concert begins with Barry bouncing onto the stage singing `` Hey You , You 're Lookin ' Hot Tonight '' . He rips off his jacket and the crowd goes wild . I had read that he was very nervous about doing this concert . Well , you 'd never know it ! He continues with `` It 's a Miracle . '' God ! The audience is going WILD ! And this place is HUGE ! He kibitzes with the audience about his nose , and then goes into another high-energy song , the very popular Manilownian classic `` New York City Rhythm '' and the audience is eating him alive!He slows it down with a beautiful version of `` Memory , '' and some props fill in the stage of New York City backdrop scenery , representative of his old Brooklyn neighborhood . He then talks about how he watched American Bandstand after school `` when he was a kid '' and guess what song is next ? -- `` Bandstand Boogie '' ! He slips on a white school type jacket and does the boogie with 2 girls in poodle skirts -- and can he dance ! Man , he 's like the Energizer Bunny , boppin ' all over the stage.He begins talking about how you never forget your first love and slides into `` No Other Love , '' an absolutely gorgeous song . The audience is screaming so much at first he can hardly compose himself . They adore him ! -LRB- Hey ! Wow ! Red vest , white shirt , and RED SOCKS ! -RRB- `` A View From Blenheim '' must have been the little instrumental interlude.Oh , he just slid back to the piano and into `` Mandy '' when I was n't looking . God ! The pure raw emotion in this song ! And listen to him flippin around those key changes ! What a sneaky little devil . And he just slid back into `` No Other Love '' for a few words and back to `` Mandy '' . Oooooo ! Here comes `` The Lion Sleeps Tonight '' and what a beat ! I guess a kind of Conga . And he 's dancing backwards across the stage in a white safari jacket ! Go Barry ! -LRB- The safari leisure suit is on the CD cover . -RRB- Here come the conga drums ! With Barry playing them . Go Barry , again ! Awe , Geeze ! This clip is out of this world ! This guy was born to perform ! -LRB- As if we did n't know that already ! -RRB- I never heard him do this one before.He rips off the safari jacket and `` Lay Me Down '' is next , slow and beautiful . Next , he speeds up with `` Some Kind of Friend '' . After singing the full song , he slides out an electronic keyboard on this one and goes wild on it , then back to singing . This is an extended version and very cool . `` Ca n't Smile Without You '' is next and the audience has to help whistle it into existence while he plays . Then THEY start singing . Well , when he says he wants to bring somebody up on stage to sing with him , they go nuts . He does a nice duet with a selected-at-random lady from the audience . `` I Write the Songs '' is next , a beautiful song . Many people think Barry is singing about himself as writing the songs that make the whole world sing , but that is not the meaning of the song . It is about the Spirit of music within someone , writing the songs so they come out of them and into the world.As this fantastic evening winds down , Barry sings `` We 'll Meet Again '' to England and then England sings `` One Voice , '' along with a choir of gorgeous angelic sounding voices . -LRB- Barry wrote this song . I read that it came to him in a dream . -RRB- He runs offstage and runs back for a reprise of `` You 're Lookin ' Hot Tonight '' and it 's short , but hot!High energy , clear sound and visual , Barry is so clear you often see the sweat on his face , and I 'm watching on a cheap DVD player . He puts his whole heart and whole soul into this concert and it is friggin ' fantastic ! It appears this DVD was actually produced in 2004 . Total time is about 1 hour 10 minutes . On a scale of 1 to 10 , worth about a 20 ! Video produced by Barry Manilow in 1984 it says , and the concert was in 1983 . Barry was so fired up on adrenaline in this concert , I bet he did n't sleep for a week ! He OWNED the Palace that night in 1983 ! There is also a brief 3 minute or so documentary by Barry , apparently added in 2004 . He does not believe he ever played an audience this large since and said this concert was one of his fondest memories . I tell you what , this was sooo high energy . I mean , I am worn out from just watching it ! That 's all I can say is WOW ! I am almost speechless . Call Ripley 's Believe it or Not ` cause I do n't get speechless very often.Seriously , this was one AWESOME concert !
 The Precious Moments Stories are great.We like to keep them in our home to share with childrenthat come to visit ~ we enjoy watching them over and over again as well .
 My daughters love Precious Moments -LRB- I do too ! -RRB- . The quality of this movie is n't as clear as others I have bought . But we still loved the movie . It really teaches young kids a lesson about friendship in a cute way .
 I bought this movie to show our faith - based preschool group when we were studying Native Americans . Although it may not be historically accurate , if you talk about various Native American groups being different vs. stereotyping , I think this is appropriate to show for that age group .
 The movie is a well-written , poorly acted piece of softcore schlock . Lorissa McComas and Tane McLure are the only saving grace ... both act their characters believably , but are trapped by poor direction and supporting cast.Not for the casual viewer , Lap Dancing is intended for an adult audience intent on seeing naked women dance about and get themselves into sexual situations . The women are good-looking ... especially Lorissa , who is featured throughout the film as naked as possible as often as can be explainable . Definitely worth the money if you 're a fan of her 's ; and there 's a good chance you 'll find the movie worthwhile if its not her you 're specifically interested in looking at . I just want to know where I can find the soundtrack !
 The dance scenes and the eroticism make this a good movie to watch . I only wish the dance scenes had been edited a bit better . Most of the transitional moves of the dancers have been chopped up or cut . The acting is not that great , but I enjoyed the message of the movie which is to `` let yourself go and feel the feelings !
 This is a great sexy movie that makes a perfect mix of a very hot girl full of innocence who realises what it takes to be succesful . She starts taking an audience for being an actress wich results in a frustrating experience due to her lack of experience . After that she passes through a series of situations that drives her to know her self better and to realize every thing she can do if she has the will . At the very end of the movie she returns to the audience place and impresses everybody with a very convincing performance . At this time she is a very selfconfindent person . Very enlightening movie full of sexy scenes .
 I bought this tape to get the Juice Newton video `` Ca n't Wait All Night . '' Back in the 80s , country videos were scarce , only a handful of songs got the distinction to have an accompanying music video , as it was a relatively new medium . This VHS has 7 classic videos from RCA recording artists . You hardly see these anymore on TV . Alabama 's `` There 's No Way '' is one of their all-time classics , as is Ronnie Milsap 's `` Lost in the 50s Tonight . '' The aforementioned Juice Newton song `` Ca n't Wait All Night '' is awesome , I first saw it on -LSB- ... -RSB- . We also get the Judds ' `` Love Is Alive , '' Waylon Jennings ' `` America , '' Kenny Rogers ' `` morning Desire , '' and Earl Thomas Conley 's `` Crowd Around the Corner . '' 7 great videos from 7 great country superstars ! Let 's hope this sees its release on DVD someday -- soon !
 All I can say is i wish i was there when this day took place ... New York City on a heavenly blue afternoon and into the sparkling evening to welcome back Lady Liberty after her remarkable facelift ... imagine tens of thousands of people mingling about freestyle as the Statue of Liberty is reintroduced to the public on a gorgeous July 4,1985 ... and who better to rock it all in than Hall and Oates singing practically all of their monster hits . . and picture this , the finale consisting of Sly and the Family Stone 's `` Hot fun in the Summertime '' version by Hall and Oates , the whole city singing along , fireworks , and the lighting of the statue 's torch ... still sends shivers up my spine . . you can practically smell the hotdogs and apple pie ... i guarantee you 'll quickly appreciate this marvelous concert for its true meaning
 We just love this concert ! You can not help but smile when you watch it as you you see what a good time they are having , totally into playing and singing for their fans . A classic !
 In this shrink wrap is four of six great soccer titles by this brilliantsports instructional video producer.This soccer sizzles ! My favorite is `` CHAMPIONSHIP SOCCER DRILLS '' . Yo Marty Schupak ! Keep 'em coming!These popular soccer titles by Marty Schupak are also available on Amazon 's Video On Demand program for as low as $ 2.99 . Championship Soccer DrillsBackyard Soccer Drills34 Soccer Goalie DrillsSoccer Shooting DrillsSoccer Fast Footwork DrillsAdvanced Soccer Drills
 Four quality DVDs that youth soccer programs should find tipsto enhance their practices . The production values are excellentwith good explanations . Well worth the money!These soccer videos are also available on Amazon 's Video On Demand program.Championship Soccer DrillsBackyard Soccer Drills34 Soccer Goalie DrillsSoccer Shooting DrillsSoccer Fast Footwork DrillsSoccer Shooting Drills
 Four dynamic soccer programs that are almost a guaranteefor individual and team improvement ! Put together very well!The goalie DVD really rocks!Soccer Coaching : Schupak 's Soccer 6 Pack DVD SetFor just a few dollars you get 2 more soccer DVDs by Marty Schupak in this popular set .
 These four represent the best of the best fromSchupak 's Soccer 6 Pack DVD . My favorite is CHAMPIONSHIP SOCCER DRILLS.You wo n't go wrong with any of these ! A purchase that is worth the price !
 These four programs were part of the 6 set I bought.All have valuable soccer tips that will give coaches achance to make practices exciting .
 The soccer drills in this great DVD setcome at you like a Beckham corner kick.There is no useless talking . Just useful drills.Each soccer DVD lives on it 's own merits.If your soccer league has a little money , it would bea shame not to invest in these.The return on investment will be great!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 Four of the best soccer resources I have seen . As a coach and parent of two travel soccer players , I introduced the content of these titles to our team . The drills were stimulating and made practices more fun!In addition , the techniques helped give our team the opportunity to gain tremendous strides as themost improved team in the league . Absolutely the best bang for your buck if you love soccer.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 Four of the best soccer DVDs I 've seen make up this set . There are some great drills , probably over 130 combined drills -LRB- within the 4 programs -RRB- that will keep any youth team occupied.FIRST CLASS QUALITY ! RECOMMENDED !
 Our U12 soccer travel team used the content in these four first class soccer videos over the course of a season . The results included more stimulating practices as well as overall individual and team improvement . Especially fundamentals . A real bargain containing soccer drills & techniques teams will find useful .
 This set contains four excellent soccer videos -LRB- DVDs -RRB- that will help any recreational or travel soccer team as well as the competitive school team . This is fully appropriate for soccer players ages 8-18 with minor changes coaches or parents might have to make to fit a particular age group such as spacing and/or various distances to use for some of the drills . You want soccer drills ? This set has tons of them . You want techniques ? Different skills are explained in easy to understand detail . How about creativity ? The programs focus on practice organization as well as efficiency . The four DVDs included are
 This video collection from Rush showcases some of the most brilliant work in their history . One of the best aspects of this collection is that most of the songs recieved little if , any airplay . So it is a great opportunity to see and hear some truly creative work from one of the world 's best , -LRB- AND MOST UNDERRATED -RRB- rock bands . Highpoints of the collection include The Body Electric and The Enemy Within from the Grace Under Pressure album and Vital Signs from the Moving Pictures album.But the finest work in this collection is Countdown from the Signals album . The band wrote the song in honor of the space shuttle Columbia 's first liftoff and the video has excellent scenes from the launch .
 A valuable piece to my Rush collection of vhs , tape was not brand new but that 's ok
 This is a video collection of music videos from Starship 's Knee Deep In the Hoopla album , which catapulted the veteran group to pop superstardom in 1985/1986 . The group 's success , no doubt , was partly attributed to the MTV-ready music videos . This collection includes `` We Built This City '' , `` Sara '' , and `` Tomorrow Does n't Matter Tonight . '' Look for Grace Slick and the other members of the band playing cameos in the Mickey Thomas led `` Sara . '' Grace plays a woman that is protecting the young Mickey during a tornado .
 This concert tape showed Laura at her height . It reminded me how good she was . She should n't have died so young .
 This concert is a little of a roller coaster ride . Bothe the audio sound quality of her voice and the musical quality oscillate between outstanding and mediocre . The high points are the electric version of `` Gloria '' at the end and a spectacular version of her own written masterpiece `` I wish we could be alone '' '' `` Ti Amo is also good . The opening `` Lucky One '' and `` Satisfaction '' are dissapoionting I have to make this evalution as a die hard Laura an in the 80 's and 90 's . I do n't know why the audio quality of her voice reproduction varies from excellent to lousy from song to song but it does . This tape is also a moving story of her personality which Branigan fans will appreciate much I do
 This is a great VHS ! Watching and hearing Laura sing and dance non-stop is great fun . So sad to have her out of our lives -- thank heavens for CDs and tapes .
 This concert is a must have for every laura branigan fan , although only '' Self Control '' is a video clip as an extended version , the rest of the songs are live performances , 10 videos total and they are as follow :1 . The lucky one -LRB- live -RRB- 2 . All night with me -LRB- live -RRB- 3 . Satisfaction -LRB- live -RRB- 4 . Ti Amo -LRB- live -RRB- 5 . Wish we could be alone -LRB- live -RRB- 6 . Solitaire -LRB- live -RRB- 7 . How Am I Supposed To Live Without You -LRB- Live -RRB- 8 . Self Control -LRB- video clip -RRB- 9 . Gloria -LRB- live -RRB- 10 . Do n't show your love -LRB- live -RRB- Thanks for your contribution of music to our hearts LAURA , we will never forget you . -LRB- R.I.P -RRB-
 At once upon a time i was so lucky to have owned this tape all though I remember the good 80 's in my life and do remember owning this at 1 time . Thanks mom . Okay I read somewhere recently that laura released a spanish album/cd . i am searching for corect information and the title and a site to purchase . Sincerly a true laura Branigan fan always . 1 day Laura I will see you .
 This is one of the greatest DVDs I own . The three selections on this DVD give us a glimpse of the magnificent talent that was hidden behind the Iron Curtain in the early 1950 's . Fortunately , the film maker Gebbert Rappaport thought to preserve some of the work of these phenomenal artists.These are excerpts from the Russian repertoire . The first , Swan Lake , features the supremely gifted Galina Ulanova , whose grace , delicacy and beauty of form awarded her the title Prima Ballerina Assoluta of the Bolshoi . There 's a bit of predictably silly Soviet animation tacked into Swan Lake , but it 's irrelevant . Ulanova must have had the most gorgeous feet in the world . It 's a pity there is n't a complete Swan Lake with her.The second feature , The Fountains of Bakhshiserai , based on a Pushkin poem , is the only time Ulanova and Plisetskaya were filmed dancing together . This segment has some of the marvelous legendary Russian male power dancing that had its roots in the folk arts . Plisetskaya , who was given the title Prima Ballerina Assoluta upon Ulanova 's retirement , bares her flawless midriff in an erotic dance that is so hot my television started steaming . One of factors that contributes to the splendor of the Russian dance tradition is the quality of the acting . All the participants in Fountains are fabulous actors as well as very great dancers . The scene between Ulanova and Plisetskaya is perfection.The last segment , The Flames of Paris , is a Soviet homage to the French Revolution . It is one of the only videos I can find with the tremendous Georgian dancer Vakhtang Chabukiani . What a pity he is not well known in the West . His speed and strength are miraculous . The speed with which he spins around the stage seems to defy the laws of physics . It was as if the editor fast-forwarded the film , but he did n't - Chabukiani had superhuman velocity . There is also a wonderful dancer I had never heard of - Musa Gottlieb , a beautiful , graceful artist who knocked of 32 fouettes like it was nothing at all.This DVD , along with Ulanova 's Romeo and Juliet , Plisetskaya Dances and Plisetskaya 's Swan Lake are among the crown jewels in my collection of dance videos . Most highly recommended if you are interested in historic dance , Russian ballet , or just want to see some of the greatest dancers ever captured on film .
 Great historical DVD ! - chance to see those stars in motion that you 've only seen in still photos . Check out the technique - Dudinskaya as Odile and Cahbukiani in Flames of Paris ! Also footage of the only time Plisetsakya and Ulanova appeared together on stage in the Fountain of Bakhchisarai .
 This is a History of Ballet and the Bolshoi Theather . It 's a review of the Greatest Dance Stars of the Bolshoi . This should be in your collection of BALLET in your DVD Library . I give this a 10 out of 10 . A timeless review tribute to BALLET .
 Considering that these recordings are more than 50 years old , they are a real delight , one could well wish for much more of this , here we have really delightful ballet . Galina Ulanova , Maya Pliserskaya are a delight to watch , especially I found The Fountains of Bakhehisarai , with the 43 year old Ulanova and the 28 year old Plisetskaya a real delight , it also reminds one of just how the Soviet Union embraced many nationalities , as did also the earlier Russia , this ballet is one not to miss , also The flames of Paris , provide an interesting view into the French Revolution , again an excellent ballet piece , this DVD IS THOROUGHLY RECOMMENDABLE
 ALABAMA DOES GREAT `` SOUTHERN VIDEOS '' !!! This dvd contains 9 great videos by Alabama . Alabama is an inductee into the Country Music Hall of Fame in Nashville , I 've been there and I 've seen their plaque - it is well deserved . This dvd contains some great videos !!! They are as follows : Forty Hour Week -LRB- for a living -RRB- The Closer You GetMountain MusicThere 's No Way -LRB- There 's a -RRB- Fire in the NightDIXIELAND DELIGHTFeels so RightI 'm Not that Way AnymoreCa n't Keep a Good Man DownThese are some great videos to watch !!! Alabama is a great `` Southern Band '' . I enjoy watching these videos and I think you will too , and therefore , I highly recommend them !!! Thanks , and may God Bless !!!
 For anyone who loves Alabama , this is a must . Very , very good .
 Even though it is a music video collection it is Alabama at their best . I searched for concert dvd 's and found none but this is very good and allows me to hear and see them once again .
 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because it is not a concert . I love concerts and this was about 9 music videos . However I enjoyed every song . Just was n't long enough . But worth the money spent . So I 'll go back and change my rating to 5 stars .
 Way too short . 37 minutes of videos , -LRB- though they are very good videos -RRB- , is not my idea of a DVD worth the money paid . How would it have hurt to add a couple of more songs to this ?
 Really enjoyed this , just wish it did not skip in one spot ! My kids really love watching the old time commercials , husband and I actually sing along to the tunes ...
 We watched this last night and it was one of the most powerful and authentic documentaries that I 've ever seen . We stayed up talking after it ended because it got our memories and minds going so much . It is about the family dynamics after extreme sexual and physical abuse and it shows the sickness of not only the abuser but the twisted/wrecked mental state of the adult women as a result of being abused . The obvious question after learning how they were abused is how can they have anything to do with him after that and this documentary really dives into that . It was shocking how they made accommodations and excuses for him . There is no justification for doing what he did , none at all ... but they made them in their minds and kept a relationship with him , even calling him Daddy and becoming jealous when he 'd give one daughter more attention than another . This guy abused his daughters in absolutely horrific ways , but the family protected him and sold out anyone who was n't willing to protect , excuse and cover up . I was almost as horrified by their behavior as I was his . Not a moment of it felt manufactured , it was like you were a fly on the wall during the actual discussions .
 Watched this documentary last night . I found this to be a complex family , with deep issues.I can honestly say it is a must see . There were many things I did not understand , but there was no judgement . . I believe as a family they should have extensive therapy if they have not already started that process.I recently read a quote , &#34; Forgiveness does not equal approval . &#34; Chico seemed to be the only one to understand that.Excellent documentary !!! Excellent story !!!
 This is a true story told by the family who lived through it . Riveting and truly takes you on a journey .
 Great instructional aid for the budding soccer player/coach . Gives you the fundamentals needed to lay the groundwork to better your game . Absolutely worth it .
 I was intimated when my neighbor asked me to be an assistant coach next season . This DVD assuaged my fears and made me feel like that I will be able to contribute both on and off the field .
 As a parent , a soccer enthusiast , and a coach , I watched this , learned from it , and can recommend it . The techniques and instructional style are sound . Get it before the other team does .
 Our five year-old started getting into soccer and I immediately found myself over my head with even the basics of the sport . This DVD gave us a bunch of great exercises and ideas and inspiration for him . He is six now and is showing amazing ability -LRB- if you knew our family 's level of athletic talent you 'd understand better why I used the word `` amazing . '' -RRB- and I am actually a semi-qualified assistant coach .
 I started coaching my son 's soccer team for the first time this year . I found this video very helpful for setting up and running my practices . Coach Janaway has great tips including ways to organize the practice field and a variety of well thought out drills addressing various necessary skills . These drills have kept my young players moving and motivated in practice . I have seen these skills later reflected in their game play . I highly recommend this video .
 As a parent , rec league and highschool coach , I enjoyed and learned a great deal from this video . From setting up cones , to explaining basic ball handling skills and turns , to fundamental drills , Coach Janaway breaks down a typical practice . This DVD gives parent coaches a multi-dimensional lesson -LRB- with subtle humor -RRB- in creating a practice that kids can enjoy and learn from .
 With no background in soccer , I was at a loss , and as a new soccer player , so was my son . I took advantage of the `` Parent Soccer Coach '' DVD as a tool for our family 's mutual `` Soccer Education '' . My son enjoyed watching the DVD and used it to reinforce what he was learning on his team . He also seemed to get a lot of self-affirmation from the DVD by pointing out his knowledge & skills.This DVD offers an easy & convenient way to build awareness of soccer for the entire family .
 I coach my son 's team and over time have acquired a number of training manuals . I like this one a lot because it is very comprehensive , it covers all the main points and it helps you organize yourself , your team , and your practices . If you can only buy one manual now , get this one .
 This download is thorough in its progressive practices . You can change the practices according to ability of the players . It can be used for beginners and senior players . It all just makes sense ! It encourages good touch on the ball and also game like drills .
 `` The Parent Soccer Coach '' is an insightful , straightforward DVD for players who aspire to be coaches and for parent coaches who are new to the game , or need guidance on coaching a team . This DVD is teeming with a variety of professionally proven drills used all around the world . Coach Janaway 's expert instruction is right on the mark and the `` Parent Soccer Coach '' is a perfect 10 out of 10 .
 Incredible logical DVD . It has helped me coach my teams . There are practices for every level if you adjust the number of touches allowed . This has been used with East Side Sports Soccer Coaches in Providence for a number of years and is well recieved .
 Great DVD - Easy to follow the straight forward drills.This DVD held the attention of all four of my children ages 4-10 ! Fun to practice at home or on the field with a team . A definitepurchase for those parents new to soccer and coaching .
 i like these two brothers there the best but not as good as clint eastwood any body dont like it is dumb
 This movie has all the trappings of a classic western tale enthusiasts have come to expect
 A good gritty western . Well written , good acting , and enjoyable . the only thing this film could use is a little more of the kind of story line that John Wayne would have been in .
 This is a great speghetti western starring Terrance Hill conquering the rowdiness of the wild west.It 's a must see !!
 Humours Western movie . One of many Terence Hill 's comedy western movies . If you like to laugh you will like this DVD .
 I bought this DVD for my husband and he watches it over and over ... It 's hilarious and I am very pleased to have bought it : -RRB-
 Arrived super fast & in exellent condition , but i expected to have subtitles in Spanish .
 Do n't you just love the way the main actor carries himself ? He has such an upright slouched attitude .
 `` Boot Hill '' from 1969 is a spaghetti western , with a mix of American and Italian actors . A traveling circus becomes involved with some really bad hombres when they save the life of the man who is after the bandits . But when the bad guys claim the life of one of their own performers , they team up with the hero to help stop the desperados in their tracks . Lots of fun ! The film stars Terrence Hill and Woody Strode and is also known as '' Boot Hill : Trinity Rides Again '' . Also look for Victor Buono , Bud Spencer and Lionel Stander . In color directed by Giuseppe Colizzi.This film may also be found on Platinum Disc 's Great American Western series . This one is included on the single disc of Volume 13 in the series , along with a great documnetary on `` Gunfighters '' , `` My Outlaw Brother '' -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , with Mickey Rooney and Robert Stack , and `` The Gun and The Pulpit '' , from 1974 starring Marjoe Gortner and a great cast . Volume 13 may also be purchased as part of Volume 2 of the larger sets -LRB- 10 discs/40 films -RRB- . The DVDs in this series are not pristeen . There are scratches and graineyness , especially in the older films , and the color films are usually pretty dated . All are enhanced with DD5 .1 sound , and if you are a western lover , you really ca n't go wrong for the price.Check em out . . Sadlle Up and Happy Trails ... Laurie
 I Like What I Saw In This Story Of Queen Victoria And PrinceAlbert There Is A Part Twords The End Were Albert Is Very GreatFull For What His Wife Said At The Opening Of The Great Exabition
 I watch historical TV series primarily for the sumptuous sets and costumes -LRB- this is not the place to seriously study history -RRB- . `` Victorian & Albert '' has gorgeous sets and costumes , but I really wish they 'd given the actors some lessons in period movement . In particular the one who played Queen Victoria . The real queen never had a tiny waist , hollow cheekbones , and prominent shoulder blades -- even at 18 . But at least it 's understandable that the producers wanted her to conform to a modern ideal of beauty . The actress 's movements , however , are atrocious-and she 's never still . She has a heavy -LRB- audible ! -RRB- tramping walk , she wriggles her arms , she hunches and shrugs her shoulders , she has a million little pouts and grimaces . And on top of it all there 's her prolonged , husky giggle . Put her back in `` Sex & the City , '' or wherever she came from , and back in a bathing suit , or whatever she 's used to wearing .
 I purchased the set -LRB- without actually watching it -RRB- upon the reccommendation of a friend and the reviews written on this production.I 'm so glad to own this production.At first I was not sure what to expect and I was not at all impressed with it when I first viewed it . Thinking on the production and viewing it again the second time I have come to apperciate the production and the leading actors do an amazing job as Victoria -LRB- Victoria Hamiliton -RRB- and Albert -LRB- Jonathan Firth -RRB- . I especially like how Albert married Victoria even though he was not in love with her as Victoria was with Albert . But he took his marriage vows very seriously and he grew to love Victoria and was faithful to her.Victoria and Albert were very moral people and they as the first family wanted to set the example to the country.In my view there are some sences that I would of perfered if they were not in the production but they are shone upon in a bad light by the royal couple which I think is good . -LRB- these days good morals are a non existence -RRB- If you are interested in the royals or a truly amazing love story that actually happened you well enjoy this production .
 My father , who watched it with me , is somewhat of an expert in English History and was overwhelmed to see all these characters come to life so vividly . I love the cinematography and historical detail . It is fun to see Patrick Malahide , who I only know from the Alleyn Mysteries , playing a sleazoid AND to see Suchet out of his Poirot role . Everything about it is terrific .
 The first time I watched Victoria & Albert was on A&E . I only watched about twenty minutes . So when I bought the movie , I took a chance on not liking it . But I quickly became satisfied . Johnathan Firth did wonderfully as Albert of Saxe-Coburg , and as did the actress that played Victoria . An epic love story is one where the characters can stand the test of time , and Victoria and Albert did so . Just watch on A&E if you do n't feel as chancing as I did .
 This was a very interesting adaptation of the life of Queen Victoria and her husband Albert.It starts off with the first meeting between Victoria and Albert when they were teens . They tolerate eachother because they are cousins , but nothing happens.Several years later Victoria 's Uncle King Willian IV dies and she becomes Queen . There are many people who want to see her and Albert get married . Victoria agrees to a visit of Albert and his brother Ernest . This time they fall in love and get married.After the marriage they show the couple starting a family of nine as well as the families highs , such as the 1850 Great Exebition and their lows , such as the affair of Albert Edward Prince of Wales and the death of Prince Albert.The death of Prince Albert is esentually the end of the movie , because after this they show an old Queen Victoria still having Albert 's things set out as if he will still use them.A very good movie !
 As much as I have read about Victoria and Albert , I found this 2001 A&E production to be interesting and historically informative , made all the more enjoyable with superb acting by Nigel Hawthorne , Diana Rigg , David Suchet and Peter Ustinov . But I simply could not `` connect '' with the casting of Victoria Hamilton as Queen Victoria -LRB- brown eyes ? -RRB- , or with Jonathan Firth as Prince Albert . Each time I saw their characters , I could n't help imagining it was was a younger Connie Francis and Richard Chamberlain playing Victoria and Albert . Immediately afterwards I had to watch `` The Young Victoria '' to remind myself how much more charming and believeable Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend were in their portrayals of Victoria and Albert . Now if it were possible to substitute/transport Blunt and Friend into A&E 's more comprehensive production of `` Victoria & Albert '' , that would be perfection !
 This mini-series was very good . The period costumes were excellent and the acting was good as well . It gives a fairly accurate representation of Queen Victoria 's younger days when meeting Prince Albert .
 The story of Victoria and Albert relationship developing over the years is told so well.From first meetings to marriage and the adjustment of Albert as a man to wait for his duties to evolve overtime.It is so sad how tragic Albert 's early death had on a young Quenn Victoria and for the effect of Albert 's death on the rest of Victoria 's reign . A True love story .
 I 'm not a student of English history so I was blissfully ignorant of some of the inaccuracies that other reviewers have mentioned . So , for me , this was pure enjoyment . The cast is excellent and the visuals are yummy.We follow the progression of the couple from their first indifferent meeting , to Victoria 's statement that she never will marry , to their second meeting when she was thunderstruck by him . I found his relationship to her very interesting . He married out of duty and worried that she loved him more than he loved her . Was this accurate I wonder ? The scene when he acknowledged to her , and to himself , the depth of his love for her , is very moving . Her response was that it just took him a little longer to fall in love than it took her ... very sweet!If you 're not too picky about historical accuracy you will probably fall in love with Victoria and Albert .
 As usual , BBC has done an accurate job of showing history as it really was.The acting was superior and the story was well portrayed.It was a real pleasure to watch .
 I really loved this movie . It made me cry it was so heart warming . I felt like I was apart of the movie .
 I had seen the movie `` Young Victoria '' so I wanted to see how Victoria was portrayed as a matured queen . Although I was not disappointed , the setting was quite different , this movie did not have the glamour .
 Found the second disc not up to the first but overall the best I 've seen on the topic .
 I liked it ! I saw it on A&E and decided to buy it . It is a double disc set and watching it is a pleasure . It is not overly deep into the history as such but mainly tells of the deep and profound love between Victoria and Albert . A good watch . Period movie lovers should be pleased.Check it out .
 This is a lovely movie , much after the style of A&E 's Pride & Prejudice . Victoria Hamilton is a convincing Queen Victoria and Jonathan Firth is a superbly prudent and moral Albert . The whole movie is full of detail and many circumstances actually happened -LRB- such as the king 's insulting Victoria 's mother , the Duchess of Kent -RRB- . The movie ends at Albert 's death , and although a fitting end , with many touching scenes , it was a little historically inaccurate . Victoria 's life did go on after Albert 's death and she was happy again . However , it is ` Victoria & Albert ' , so I make an allowance for that and urge any one to watch it . Prepare to be enthralled !
 FUN AND FABULOUS , WE SET SAIL ON A LONG CRUISE , AND ENJOYED WATCHING LOTS OF DIFFERENT DVDS , AND REALLY FOUND THIS A DELIGHTFUL AND INTERESTING LOOK INTO VICTORIAN LIFE
 A good insight into how the rulers rule and also controlled . I was impressed with Queen Vicotia 's strength and standards .
 I ordered this item for a Christmas gift . It came very fast , packaged well , and in new condition . This movie is a quality movie and one that I recommend for the discriminating viewer .
 Victoria and Albert is a very good entertaining BBC drama . It appears a little slow at the begining , but after a little while becomes very good . A wonderful series .
 Hamilton and Firth were stupendous in this.It 's a true love story thats worth buying.Part 1
 I was riveted - what else can I say ? Jonathan Firth 's portrayal of Albert was simply stunning . -LRB- Talent certainly runs in the Firth family - Jonathan is the brother of Colin Firth . -RRB- But the gem of the whole production was Victoria Hamilton 's multi-layered Queen Victoria . Her progression from a somewhat naive girl to the indefatigable monarch was seamless . I was particularly struck by her facial expressions which were so revealing . The chemistry between Victoria and Albert was believable and enjoyable . By the end of the film I cared about the characters and their relationship - and that 's the mark of a great film.I had but one problem ... there were times when I scratched my head wondered about the political issues of the time . The script makes some assumptions about the audiences ' historical knowledge - so I found my self a little confused once or twice.That aside , I ca n't say enough good things about the film . The supporting cast of characters was impressive
 I can not remember when I have enjoyed a movie more . The faithfulness of Albert and the unbashed love that Victoria had for him . The costuming of this movie was grand and royal . A feast for the eyes and a joy for the heart . Even when Albert is taken away from her , so cruelly by fate , Victoria is devastated , and though the did not explore it in this movie she was able to be a strong leading influence for her people . I found the acting to be believable , esp . w / Albert 's character.Rent before you buy , but if you love English history and want a good movie to watch over & over BUY this one . I did !
 My wife gave me this movie for Christmas . At first , I was skeptical about it . How could I be interested in Queen Victoria and her marriage to Albert ? I had been to the V & A Museum in London and that was great , but could I watch a three hour movie covering their years?We watched this in two sittings and I enjoyed the first disk so much I could n't wait for the second one . The movie is well done . Excellent acting and period costumes and decor . But , the story line was the best . It was such a pleasure to watch a movie where the husband and wife quarreled but were still faithful to one another . Neither had a romance on the side and this was a pleasant change from this type movie.I strongly recommend you buy this movie for your husband or wife . Watch it together . You will love it -- I promise .
 This is not a depiction of the ins and outs of the political aspect of Queen Victoria 's reign . It is a love story where balancing duty with depth of feeling , professional with personal relationship , is fully fleshed out.All actors involved deliver great performances . Great chemistry between the lead actors makes the story come alive . It was wonderful to picture the castle , which looks so cold and austere from the outside , as the home of a warm and loving and joyful family . Children gleefully running through the halls on holidays . A father playing with his children . A mother looking on with shining eyes.This movie shows the personal side to the monarchy . It was a delight to watch . I hated to see it end.Add it to your DVD library and prepare yourself for a few hours of total enjoyment .
 Before I saw the movie I knew a little about Victoria and Albert , then afterwards I went back and read my history book on the Royals and was pleasently surprised as to how accurate the movie was ... the only differance between the book and the movie that I noticed was that Victoria did not like her children very much even though she loved Albert ... then as they got older she became fond of them ... one scene in the movie I especially liked is when Albert and Victoria had a huge diagreememt over the care of one of the children and the woman who was Victoria 's nanny when she was little ... . disagreed with Albert ... and Victoria took the nanny 's side over Alberts he storms from the room and goes back to the bedroom and locks the door , she storms after him , and when she found the door locked she knocked ... he asked ... who is it ... she said ... Its the QUEEN ... he refused to open the door , she started to walk away then turned back and softly knocked this time , and he softly answered ... who is it and she says ... its your wife he was firm but very loving with her ... he told her when it comes to the children he is speaking to her as their father not as her consort.I am glad I got this movie I absolutely love it.It was well acted by every one , very entertaining , another thing I liked was she got rid of her nanny she made her leave and any one who tried to come between her and Albert she did the same , this movie is worth every penny .
 Bought this a while back , but got it out a second time after seeing The Young Victoria -LRB- which is a sweeter , more romanticized version of the story , beautifully filmed -RRB- . I suspect this version is a little closer to the truth and the acting/story is superb . Definitely worth adding to your collection : -RRB-
 Might not be historically accurate , but worth while watching . Brilliant performance on both Victoria Hamilton and Jonathan Firth .
 Wonderful series . I 've always found Queen Victoria to be an interesting woman to learn about and her romance with Albert is such a beautiful story . A great addition to my historical collection .
 I like to watch true story . It made me cried in the end that Albert died & left wife w / 9 kids .
 I am a history buff so the movie was just great . The love they ended up with is not found in this world anymore .
 Victoria Hamilton seems to pop up everywhere , whether in lesser parts as in Pride and Prejudice , in &#34; bad girl &#34; parts such as in Mansfield Park , or in this delightful version of the complex relationship between Victoria and Albert . This one needs to be compared with a somewhat different interpretation of the relationship in &#34; The Young Victoria . &#34; Victoria 's handling of her long period of grief over Albert 's death is also well done in &#34; Mrs Brown . &#34; For English history lovers , all of these are worth viewing , interesting , and nicely filmed .
 I love this movie for so many reasons , but first and foremost is the classic love story between Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of England . Theirs is a love story for the ages . I love period pieces and I love English history and this is one of my all time top 10 favorite movies . I would highly recommend this movie to anyone whether you love English history or if you just love a great love story . Victoria Hamilton and Jonathan Firth play Queen Victoria and Prince Albert to perfection and are both superb actors . A very well acted movie with a great story . I would highly recommend .
 This a beautifully acted and choreographed film that depicts the lives of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert . As some have pointed out not all this film is historically accurate . Bertie never could do right and was raised in a strict Victorian environment . I suspect Bertie received more love and affection from the servants than his parents . Today we 'd be shocked by such poor parenting but during the Victorian times this was acceptable . Also , Queen Victoria never recovered from the death of Albert . She pretty well took to living a secluded life the rest of her reign after Albert 's death.The film was beautifully acted by some well known stars including Diana Rigg and Peter Ustinov . The characters playing Queen Victoria and Prince Albert depicted good on screen chemistry leading the movie goer to immerse themselves into this most believable movie about Queen Victoria 's reign.Highly recommend .
 I was completely enthralled with this period piece . It focuses mostly on the meeting , brief romance and marriage of the Queen and Prince Albert ; but also gives a behind-the-scenes view of Victoria 's ascension to the throne -LRB- she was just shy of her 18th birthday ! -RRB- , her personal struggles with her very demanding and power-seeking mother , and her and Albert 's struggles and triumphs to live as man and wife while raising a family and fulfilling their royal duties . Apart from the romantic theme , there is quite a bit of British history woven throughout the movie which I found fascinating . I also sympathized with Albert 's frustration of being in the Queen 's shadow as Prince Consort -LRB- and not allowed to assist her in her royal duties although he was more than capable , as he proves later in their marriage -RRB- . This is a lavish , well-acted and brilliantly executed 2-part dramatization . I was n't surprised to learn that the producers of this movie also worked on a previous BBC favorite of mine ; the 1995 mini series Pride and Prejudice . Victoria Hamilton , the actress who plays Queen Victoria , also portrayed `` Mrs. Forster '' in P&P ; and `` Henrietta Musgrove '' in the 1995 production of Jane Austen 's Persuasion.If you like romantic period pieces with a good amount of British History tossed into the mix , then you will absolutely LOVE this movie.Enjoy , Cris LaRue for Amazon.com
 Lots of creative license in here , but extremely watchable . I loved it !
 I have watched it over and over again and will.The actors are great the story is great.wonderful movie.so romantic.I reccommend it to all .
 Impressive , touching , sentimental , easily accepted by those not of royal background and suitable for the eyes of average audi-ience
 The sets were wonderful , the clothes beautiful , the acting convincing and well done but I would have enjoyed a more historical account of that period and the trouble the queen had with her mother , the evil controller of the Dutchess ' household , her mother 's lady in waiting and the king Victoria replaced and also her true feelings about having so many children . I enjoyed the film having watched it more than once since received .
 A lovely story , true , about Queen Victoria , as a young woman , so in love . It is history too , and really shows Victoria as a person with feelings and sensitivities , just like the rest of us . I never tire of this movie . I watched it on television a few years ago , and had to have it . Patricia Mann
 I originally watched this series when it was on A&E . A beautiful story , a beautiful series . I bought these DVDs because I wanted to watch this series more than once , and I expect to enjoy it for many years to come . The acting , scenery , production , and story line are all wonderful and very historically correct . Bravo !
 If you like historical movies , you 'll like this . A look at the tumultuous relationship of Victoria and her husband and it does n't shirk from the issues of a man in the 1800 's having to play second fiddle to a woman and . There 's no sex or violence , it 's TV tame and enjoyable to see various familiar British actors cropping up.A good way to spend an afternoon and an easy way to learn a little history .
 If you enjoy stories about old England , this one 's for you . My sister and I were completely emersed in the story from the beginning , and we watched both DVDs back to back . The acting was excellent and the costumes were very well done . It was good to see Peter Ustinov again , playing himself as usual , but called the King . I recommend this DVD package.dvd
 My mother was very happy with this movie . Victoria Hamilton & Jonathan Firth both played great parts as Victoria & Albert . It 's a great movie of historical value .
 Lovely film -- great costumes . In terms of the relationship between the Queen and the Prince Consort - it seems accurate to the history I have read .
 As an avid Anglophile I loved this version of Victora & Albert . Very well done , elaborate and lush . The new version is more concise and wonderful , too.It was well worth the price and I am happy to have it im my collection .
 This new A&E production on the lives of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert was simply told and well-acted . It does not oversentimentalize the relationship of the couple , and the major events of their lives are reenacted without much sensationalism.Victoria Hamilton , who may well be one of the Queen 's many namesakes , captures the petite size of Britain 's longest reigning monarch , making her an endearing character in the eyes of the viewer , even though many of my own forebears suffered under her regime . Jonathan Firth 's Albert is potrayed as a gentle , decent , thoughtful man , made to leave his homeland and struggle to find acceptance in an entirely different country . But in the scene where this devoted father of nine comforts hs wife during labor while nearby , his critics suggest that he should be at a men 's club instead , we see that , by following the German tradition on dealing with childbirth , he is a man ahead of his time . One of the more delightful moments ofthe film is when , during their courtship , he and Victoria play a duet together on the piano . One of the saddest , is when the Christmas tree , a custom Albert introduced to England , arrives a few days before his death on December 14,1861 . It was nice to see a grown-upKate Mayberly in films again . She plays the couple 's second daughter , Alice , who followed her older sister into marriage in the German Nobility , became the mother of Russia 's last Czarina , and died of diptheria at the age of 35 . The relationships of the Queen and her cabinet members is touched upon , as is the relationship with her overbearing mother . Peter Ustinov has a certain strained charisma as the Queen 's predecessor , who is still aware of his sister-in-law 's antics despite ill health . Diana Rigg is understated and dignified as the young Queen 's devoted Lady-in-Waiting . The whole cast did a fine job . This elegant miniseries brings the chief players of the Victorian Era down from the oil-painted canvases and resurrects them quite nicely .
 Victoria and Albert is a magnificent costume drama with excellent stars , a compelling story , and lovely settings . As you watch this , please keep in mind that this is a romanticized , not completely factual dramatization of the married life of Queen Victoria and her consort Prince Albert . In other words , enjoy it , but do n't take it as accurate history.The first episode is good drama and fairly good history . The young Victoria is shown living a cloistered life in Kensington Palace , used by her ambitious mother and others to maintain a toe hold on power . Then , after the death of her uncle William IV , Victoria 's early reign is also depicted accurately as she took on her responsibilities with a dutifulness which characterized her entire reign . Her daughterly relationship with her first Prime Minister , Lord Melbourne is also well done . Finally , her meeting with Prince Albert and their hesitant courtship , engagement , and marriage is both compelling and true to history.It is with the second episode that the drama begins to overwhelm the history . Victoria and Albert are shown with a family of six children -LRB- they really had nine -RRB- whom they bounce on their knees , cuddle and nuzzle in public , and obviously adore . Unfortunately the real Queen Victoria was not fond of children , and Prince Albert saw his progeny as useful tools for carrying out his long range plan for the liberalization of Europe , but not a whole lot more . The whitewashing of their troubled relationship with their eldest son and heir Bertie is really ridiculous . Bertie could never do right and was a constant disappointment to his parents , as they never ceased telling him . While Prince Albert 's last meeting with Bertie , in which he says something like `` I 'm sorry we 've been so hard on you '' is charmingly acted , nothing like that ever took place . I also found the scenes in which Albert repeatedly ponders whether he really loves Victoria a bit unbelievable . Finally , Victoria 's composure after Albert 's death is completely at odds with history , which records her retreating into deep mourning for the next four decades.Regardless of the inaccuracies , this is a beautiful piece of work and well worth the price . If you like this Victoria and Albert , may I suggest that you also look into the mini-series Edward the King , produced in the mid 1970s , which covers Bertie 's life and times . It is just as well written and acted , and contains a far more true to life depiction of Victoria and Albert .
 `` Victoria and Albert , '' directed by John Erman , stars Victoria Hamilton and Jonathan Firth as Britain 's Queen Victoria and her consort , Prince Albert . The superb supporting cast includes an impressive band of acting veterans , among them Peter Ustinov -LRB- as William IV -RRB- and Diana Rigg -LRB- as young Victoria 's governess -RRB- . The film follows the courtship and married life of this royal couple.V & A is a visually stunning period piece , but ultimately it 's the fine performances that really make the film work . There is a wonderful chemistry between the two leads , who furthermore capably rise to the challenge of portraying the pair over a long span of time . It 's an onscreen relationship that is complex and tender . The supporting cast is great -- Ustinov is especially entertaining as the cantankerous King William . It 's a juicy role that Ustinov plays with relish.Although it 's a period piece , V&A seems remarkably timely in light of the continuing saga of the British royal family . The film raises a number of intriguing issues -- the politics of royal marriage , the relationship between the royal house and the citizenry , etc. . This is a classy , well-made film -- a must for those interested in British royal history .
 `` Victoria and Albert '' is a stunning costume drama concentrating on the early part of their marriage with some brief scenes in the later years culminating in the death of Albert . The film is well-written and well-acted and well worth seeing.So many films about Victoria concentrate upon the long years as a widow . It is refreshing to see her here as a giddy young teenager just handed the keys to the largest empire in the world . The adolescent battles with her mother would rock the kingdom . She is clearly reluctant to share her power and majesty with a husband , especially her dour straight-laced cousin Albert whom her family wants her to marry . However the ` arranged ' part of the marriage goes out the window during a visit when Victoria conveniently falls in love with Albert and desires him for the many qualities that she perceives in him.Despite her great love for him the early years are especially tempestuous as Albert struggles to fulfill the role that his family has raised him for . Victoria 's ministers despise the German prince and struggle to keep him from becoming the power behind the throne -LRB- a position they want for themselves -RRB- . Albert serves as something of a gigolo to the young woman and this is the cause of many ` storms ' within the palace . Through hard work and ability Albert is able to bring the Queen around and become a key figure in Victoria 's reign.Sure this is not a history book , and many things go by the wayside . Their shocking inability as parents to view their children as more than diplomatic tools is a sad reality . In the movie this gets brushed aside for the most part -LRB- although Victoria is shown as being more concerned about doing her duty and having a son than about her child -RRB- . This can be easily overlooked as the movie is `` Victoria and Albert '' not `` Victoria , Albert , Vicky , Bertie , Alice , Affie , Helena , Louise , Arthur , Leopold , and Beatrice '' . The fact is that Albert mostly saw his children as ways to expand his power throughout Europe and into the future , Victoria mostly saw her young children as people who made Albert happy or cross . Since this movie is mostly about their early years of marriage the short shrift given to the children was understandable . It is a love story about two people and in that it succeeds.Give that this show attempts to compress a marriage of over twenty years into a little more than 3 and half hours , it is a remarkable accomplishment and I highly recommend it . It is captivating from start to finish .
 I bought this set thinking it would be just another movie to add to my growing costume drama collection . I was really wrong . From the first minutes of this movie the viewer is hooked . I was amazed to find out how Queen Victoria became Queen , how she struggled with her mother and how she picked a husband.I must say A&E did a great job portraying the lives of these well known people . I really felt as though I was there living out her life.The costumes are great , acting is supurb and nothing could be improved on save for the fact that it was n't long enough and tons of time was skipped.Good job and a great movie . I would reccomend to anyone who wants to learn more about Queen Victoria or someone who just loves good movies !
 I 'm sure if I was a Queen Victoria historian , I would probably have given this a lower number for the innaccuracies presented as fact . Since I 'm not , and since it seemed to cover what I do know of her fairly accurately , I 'm giving this movie a high mark . First off , I happen to really enjoy period pieces that can pull the viewer in and help them to understand life from another time in history . Braveheart , Gettysburg , Three Soverigns For Sarah , Charles Dickens/Jane Austen movies , and even films about more recent times such as Enemy At The Gates and American Graffiti . If they keep them in their proper time and place -LRB- clothing , speech , sets , etc. -RRB- , I 'm glued . -LRB- Titanic was almost perfect except for the `` Can I bum a smoke '' line DiCaprio made after stopping Rose from jumping off the ship -RRB- . Victoria and Albert caught my attention right off and held it til the end . It not only brought two historical figures to life , but it made them both human , with being vulnerable to human feelings and emotions . One can imagine how Victoria felt when she angrily spoke to her mother as THE QUEEN . One can also imagine how her mother felt being spoken to in that manner by her daughter THE QUEEN . How about Albert 's feelings when Victoria poo poo 'd him when he would try to help her with her duties , instead giving him a frivolous task to keep him `` happy . `` I would have liked to have seen more of the relationship that Victoria and Albert had with their children , which was only touched upon and glossed over . Also , it would have been nice to see Victoria 's affect first hand on the everyday people of England - her subjects - as she ruled for the majority of the 19th century . After all , a whole period in time was named for her . But that would have increased the time of this movie from four hours to six hours , I 'm sure - not that I would have minded.I feel this is probably the best version out there of these two larger than life figures . A&E ; , Masterpiece Theater , and others of this ilk always do a marvelous job when it comes to the historical period pieces , and Victoria and Albert is right up there with the best of them . It 's well worth the money .
 I have to admit that I 'm not a history buff and I would not know one way or the other if this production was riddled with historical errors , all I know is that I truly liked this movie and very much enjoyed watching it.The actors all gave marvelous performances and the costumes and sets are breathtaking . Definitely pick this up !
 The movie is a fun feast for the eyes ... kind of like watching The Swan or Roman Holiday . However , I kept forgetting this was supposed to be about queen Victoria . Young Victoria was short , chunky and homely as a mud fence . She was also said to have had a beautiful voice and a lovely laugh . If you were to put her in today 's nondescript clothing and plunk her into a shopping mall she would be indistinguishable from all the other shoppers . The actresses that portray her are always very pretty , slim , and tallish . Victoria was one of the most photographed and recognizable women of her time . It 's like making a movie about Eleanor Roosevelt and casting Elizabeth Taylor in the lead . The three cardinal sins of hollywood are to be fat , short , and homely . It is thought such people could not possibly have passionate fascinating personalities and movie makers believe that the public will not accept a feminine romantic lead who has such unfortunate dimensions . As a result , they are OK with an old fat Victoria but ca n't stomach a young chubby Victoria.Victoria and her times are a fascinating study . Movies about Victoria should concentrate more on the historical backgroud and the complexity of her personality . She had noble and maddingly neurotic traits . Royals were the rock stars of their day . People wanted to dress and do as they did . For example
 I did n't expect much from this miniseries but I was hooked within the first five minutes . My husband and I watched the entire series from start to finish with few pauses and only the quickest breaks possible . We were engrossed by the story and the wonderful actors . I realized as I watched the film that while I know a lot about Victorian England , I did n't know very much about Victoria and Albert themselves . This series made me hungry for more information . The high moral values the couple espoused are presented to modern audiences with sincerity and an utter lack of severity.Victoria Hamilton plays the queen with finesse and ages wonderfully from a teenaged princess to a middle-aged queen . Her Victoria is far from perfect , but wonderfully flawed with a frame of steel . Jonathan Firth is frustrated , intelligent and ultimately devoted as Albert . He is also sexy and appealing . The supporting cast is great with stellar performances from Diana Rigg , Jonathan Pryce and Nigel Hawthorne.I have n't enjoyed a miniseries so much since `` Pride and Prejudice '' aired on A&E years ago . My only complaint is that I could have watched two more hours instead of just four.One of the best lines
 I think what is most enjoyable about this presentation is that it is sequential . The Friday , Saturday and Sunday/Monday morning artists are presented on their respective play dates . Also , the dated split screen effects from the original film are gladly not here . One can really get the feel of Woodstock here . The sun is up and sets on Friday night as we go from Sebastian to Joan Bias -- and so on through the days . I think the entire concert should be presented in order as a three day saga . the entire soundtrack exists , as do many outtake films . This certainly could be readily accomplished . However , this is what we have here , and it is great to see some of the tracks not presented in the original film . Although , film does exist of Melanie out there -LRB- a side shot from the stage -RRB- , she is regretably not included here . This film is really an outline of what should be done to the entire film on a large scale . perhaps for the 50th .
 Woodstock Diary 1969 is kind of like the movie Woodstock . But it has a lot of missing performances that were not included in that wonderful flick . Unlike the movie , this film follows the acts closer to the order of how they actually appeared on stage , and is broken up into the three days that Woodstock ran in 1969 - Friday , August 15 , Saturday , August 16 , and Sunday , August 17 -LRB- actually , by the time Jimi Hendrix closed out the show , it was mid morning on Monday , August 18 -RRB- . The only bummer with this DVD is that they actually run closing credits after each day ends and then re-run the film 's opening credits for each new day , which is a total waste of time , to say the least.Other than the opening 10 minutes or so of Woodstock Diary 1969 -LRB- which explains how the event was put together -RRB- and throughout its entire run includes some current day comments from the organizers , the rest of this film is mainly all performances . Yes , they do show a lot of the crowd , and some of the shots are the same that we saw in Woodstock . But the main thing the viewer gets to enjoy here is the music , and again , mostly performances of songs not seen before . The only repeats from the movie Woodstock are
 Hopefully , this is the entire three-part documentary which aired on cable -LRB- Showtime , I believe -RRB- in 1994 . Not only has it never seen an official US release , it contains quite a bit of footage not included in the new 40th Anniversary box set . The concert footage from 1969 is interspersed with interviews -LRB- Mike Lang , Wavy Gravy , Joan Baez , et.al . if I remember correctly -RRB- . There 's a lot of repeated footage on the original song list , which may not even fit on one disc . Hopefully , they 'll just include the unreleased stuff . Here 's how it appeared in 1994:1 . Richie Havens - I Ca n't Take It Anymore ; Freedom2 . Country Joe MacDonald - Fish Cheer/Feel-Like-I 'm - Fixin ' - to-Die Rag3 . John Sebastian - Rainbows All Over Your Blues4 . The Incredible String Band - When You Find Out Who You Are -LRB- quite short -RRB- 5 . Bert Sommer - Jennifer6 . Tim Hardin - If I Were a Carpenter7 . Ravi Shankar - Instrumental Raga8 . Arlo Guthrie - Walkin ' Down the Line9 . Joan Baez - Drug Store Truck Drivin ' Man ; Sweet Sir Gallahad -LRB- note
 I have the original Woodstock movie in many various forms , on original 2 tape 1987 VHS , which is shown the way it originally looked at the movies in 1970 before they made the newer directors cut in 1994 . i have the 1994 vhs directors cut , i have the newest 2009 40th anniversary directors cut DVD version , i have the 1994 directors cut on DVD also.by now you will realize that i am a self proclaimed expert on the video and sound quality of the Woodstock movie.when they made the directors cut in 1994 they used a format called `` matted wide screen format `` this formats intention was to clean up the film.but in the process , that format actually slightly darkened the look of the film and took away the very colorful And Bright look the movie originally had.you will only see the original look , on the original 1987 two tape VHS set.which also has the original 1969/1970 cover art.that being said , i recently purchased this Woodstock diary DVD and was so happy to see that this movie , which is really cool , made in 1994 , thankfully did not utilize the matted format.this version is stunning !! even more colorful than the 1987 original VHS version.amazing how sometimes you need to go backwards in time to get the good stuff.the picture quality of this original UN-messed with film elements , is very refreshing to say the least.in my opinion , the more they try to `` clean-up '' these Woodstock films , the more the films feel like they are missing something , maybe its just me?you be the judge.the perfect Woodstock movie release would be to utilize the original film elements they used for the 1987 vhs set , and transfer a high bit rate master of that to DVD or bluray , with a really nice book And The Original Cover Art , to go with it.that 's really all we need.simple / perfect/and original !! How It Was Seen In 1970 . I Used The Original Woodstock Movie As Part Of This Review For Woodstock Diary Because They Are Different Films , But The Event Is The Same , And Even Some Of The Footage Is Replicated.Thanks For Reading And I Hope This Helps Some People Who May Have Forgotten How This Movie Used To Look Before They Made The Changes in 1994 . it was n't for the better , and you will clearly see what i mean when you watch Woodstock diary.thanks from mike b.
 First off , let me state that this was originally released in 1994 for the 25th Anniversary along with the 4-CD box set . Like that box set , you got a lot of good previously unreleased performances but a lot of things were misrepresented as well . For starters , Country Joe McDonald , John Sebastian , and Incredible String Band played on Saturday , not Friday -LRB- for years Country Joe insisted that he followed second after Ritchie Havens ... see what all that LSD can do to ya -RRB- . The liner notes proclaim that every act that played at the festival is represented on this collection ... not true . For Friday , it is missing Sweetwater -LRB- who followed Ritchie Havens -RRB- and Melanie . Saturday is missing Keef Hartley Band -LRB- nobody seems to be sure if they were even filmed -RRB- , The Grateful Dead , and CCR while Sunday is missing Blood , Sweat , and Tears . Furthermore , Sly and The Family Stone took the stage AFTER Janis , not before . Jefferson Airplane performed early Sunday morning , not on Saturday ! Paul Butterfield , Sha Na Na , and Jimi Hendrix all played Monday morning because of delays . Why is this so hard to get right ? Even back in 1994 , why was it hard to get the correct information before releasing these things ?! And it annoys me when footage in spliced into other footage that does n't belong , such as the blond chick with the glasses we see rocking out to Santana , but instead here , she 's supposedly reacting to Bert Sommer singing `` Jennifer . '' However it is obvious that the break-of-dawn footage we always see during the `` Going Up The Country '' segment of the original Woostock movie was actually filmed during The Who 's performance of `` My Generation '' during those wee hours of Sunday morning . You get to see a portion of Canned Heat doing `` Woodstock Boogie , '' erroneously titled `` Leaving This Town '' on the DVD case ! And you get Joan Baez 's beautiful `` Sweet Sir Galahad '' cut right off in the middle to roll the credits instead ! It appears there was little attempt , if any , to remaster this presentation from 1994 and make it a better viewing experience for DVD in 2009 . Alongside the performances , the story of the festival is told by those who were involved , Michael Lang , etc. . That 's entertaining , if a little sad that so much `` suit action '' had to get involved after the festival was over . So much for peace , love , and brotherhood come that September ! So if you love this festival , this is a nice addition to your collection . Just do n't expect the remastering job that was done to the recent DVD release of `` Woodstock . ''
 For anybody who loves Michael Wadleigh 's Woodstock boxset and wants even more film document of this mecca , then this is it . D.A.Pennebaker -LRB- Monterey Pop Festival -RRB- and Chris Hegedus to a great job directing this documentary of three days of peace and music and presenting the music in order as it happened . There are a few quick shots and longer cuts of festival goers that were in the Wadleigh film but it blends in well to this 3 hour film . I highly recommend this documentary from this historical landmark event of 1969 .
 I enjoyed watching theWoodstock
 I was really pleased with this DVD
 Good video , plenty of background courtesy of the producers and creators who were actually there . Lots ofbands playing full length songs in three chapters , and while all that was going on were really nice performancesby and including Santana , Jefferson Airplane , Richie Havens , Canned Heat , Ten Years After , John Sebastian fromThe Lovin ' Spoonful , Joan Baez , Arlo Guthrie , Maountain , The Who , Sly and The Family Stone , Tim Hardin , JoeCocker and lots more . Look for the dove on the back of your DVD . The sound and light mastering are excellent.I thought Janis stole the show , she sang two of her songs and was tops . The DVD is tops , and is worth havingwhether you have other Woodstock concerts on CD or DVD . And especially if you do n't have any of the Woodstockmedia because there is so much to learn and find out about one of America 's greatest concerts . Although itrained .
 Woodstock Diary 1969
 If you loved Woodstock , this is a must for the collection of the event . Get to see more and great production .
 I have the DVD , and the blueray version has more color and the sound really pops out . The movie line of good versus evil is the theme , but it has a unique twist from the standard man of God versus the demon theme . If you have ' t seen the original , I do n't want to spoil it for you .
 VHS WAS IN EXCELLENT SHAPE AND PLAYED BEAUTIFUL . IT WAS A GREAT FIND FOR VHS . THANKS . I RECOMMEND THIS SELLER . EXCELLENT SCI-FI ACTION WITH GOOD STORYLINE , VISUAL EFFECTS .
 After reading the reviews its become painfully clear that people who have given bad reviews expected too much from the movie . If your a fan of the comic book , then your probably not going to like the movie because rarely does movies based on comic characters live up to expectations . However I would ask that you watch the movie with no expectations . Its entertaining , and the actors have done a wonderful job . Special effects are also pretty good . The story line is pretty much easy to follow unless while the movie was playing you decided to not pay attention for some reason.Keanu Reeves has played the role well.He comes of with a I dont care attitude which is probably what you would expect if the Devil wanted you , God locked you out of Heaven , every demon from hell to earth wanted your head and your terminally ill with not much time left.Rachel Weiz has also done a good job with her role . Another reason why people may not like the movie is the fallen angel theme but this is not the first time that this has been done.Overall its a great movie to watch , extremely enjoyable and all I would advice is to watch it without any preconceived notion of what to expect .
 I am a person that is not at all familiar with the source material that Constantine is drawn from . I also read some other reviews here and found them mostly not helpful as they are dominated by fans of the graphic novels -LRB- ? -RRB- picking at details that most people wo n't ever notice -LRB- like me -RRB- . Constantine is what I call a great versus movie . One guy against big odds trying to find a way to win . In this case , it 's one man versus Hell and Heaven -LRB- Hell mostly -RRB- trying to stop the end of the world . Does n't get much bigger than that odds-wise . The main character has all kinds of flaws to overcome , and that makes you pull for him even more . The story is well told , but can be a little heavy on the obscure biblical dialogue . I found myself rewinding here and there to hear some of the more obscure points revealed in the story . This is a small complaint because the monologues do fit with the vibe of the story , so just think of them as added atmosphere . The effects are all excellently done , and the visual style is both creepy and beautiful in equal measure . This is a better film than many gave it credit for when it was released . If you enjoy an atmospheric action thriller , with a bit of horror and fantasy thrown in , then this is the flick for you .
 Constantine is my favorite comic book movie of all time . Not only does the character display REAL FLAWS , which is refreshing , but he also has power without physically changing . In other words , he is a hero , without a flashy suit . He is cursed , and as an anti-hero that makes him earn our trust , and admiration.If you are watching this movie and are trying to figure it out from a Catholic point of view ... okay , it 's a movie . So stop the shenanigans , and enjoy the bug guy , the twin psychics , the voodoo priest , the ability to send anything to hell and to call upon the angels.If you are watching this movie and you have already hated Mr Reeves , please note that you are biased . He plays the character of Constantine as he was depicted in the comics well . In fact there are not too many others in Hollywood that I could imagine as irreverent and brooding as Keanu Reeves . To boot , my favorite devil portrayal makes an appearence near the end .
 After reading the promo about this movie , I did not want to see it . I figured it was another Catholic-bashing movie , and I am pretty tired of those . I reluctantly watched it because there was nothing else on TV . For the next two hours , I was completely enthralled in this dynamic , intelligent , spectacularly thrilling movie ! When it was over , I wanted to watch it again , and again ! The cast was perfect ! The movie was positively spell-binding ! The script was poetry ! What a story !! I have never been so utterly entertained in all my movie-going life ! I just learned about the comic book connection , but I do n't really care about the comic books ; I loved this movie . This has to be the greatest sci-fi action thriller of all times ! If you are on the fence about buying this film , I 'm telling you that you will not be disappointed ! When this movie ended , all I could muster was a very loud , `` WOW ! '' Awesome film !
 If you like battles against ultimate evil , religious overtones , and special effects - with a twist , rent Constantine . Yes , you have to suspend disbelief . Yes , you have to accept somewhat two-dimensional personalities . But if you get past that , you get a nicely shot , tense , supernatural crime saga with a couple of interesting characters . Most folks will have never heard of Constantine or Hellblazer , on which the movie is loosely based , but it 's fine if you have n't . The movie is good enough on its own for an enjoyable night .
 I like occult movies generally and I like Keanu Reeves as an actor
 Keanue Reeves the man is HOT and let 's face it is not the best actor . However he was pretty good in this one . Overall not to bad for a Keanue movie .
 This seems to be the new inspiration for movies , comics . Now i 've read my share of comics , and though I have never read this one , it stays true to the basic ideal of all movies , entertain . It does give you what you want , action , horror , great digital effects , and even the age old classic brush with mortality , Heaven and Hell . Though i 'm sure there could have been better candidates to play Constantine , Keanu still played a good banished from Heaven and damed to Hell , demon slaying anti-hero . With Rachel Weisz playing a good counter to Keanu , the generic cop that asks to many questions and ends up with the same basic curse that Keanu is facing , but Heaven is a little more welcoming to her . As I understand , hardcore fans of the Hellblazer series will most likely not be a fan of this movie , but if your looking for a good movie to watch when your feeling a little bored and could use a thrill or two , this is a good movie to look into .
 If you liked Keanu Reeves in The Devil 's Advocate -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , you 'll like him in this devilish story.A Hispanic , Manuel -LRB- Jesse Ramirez -RRB- is under the ruins of a freeway . Under some wooden planks in the ground he finds an accient dagger wrapped in a Nazi flag . With he dagger , he begins to walk away and suddenly is hit by a car that came out of nowhere . He appears to be dead , but 27 seconds later , still holding the dagger he becomes alive and runs off . The car is totalled , but Manuel is perfect.An Asian mother -LRB- Suzanne Wang -RRB- find her daughter -LRB- Jhoanna Trias -RRB- possessed . John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- is called upon to help the girl . He is a modern-day exorcist . First he finds the right religious symbol to shadow upon the girl for irritation . Then he gets himself close to the demon 's face and calls it a profanity . When the demon 's face tries to come out of the girl 's throat , Constantine gives it a right hook.John Constantine is really tired of fighting the demons all the time and he just found out he has lung cancer from smoking since he was 15 . Be as it may other people are still in need of his help , including Angela Dodson -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- who had a twin sister that fell from the hospital roof , but she believes it was murder.Stay tuned after the end credits . There is one more scene.DVD includes in Special Features many deleted scenes and audio commentary .
 As has been said many times and in many places , this is not a Hellblazer movie . This John Constantine is excruciatingly grave instead of charmingly smarmy . He 's not British , a crucial aspect of his character . And he does n't smoke anywhere near enough . But if you can ignore all that , this actually is a pretty decent movie . The visual effects are sharp and the stylized look and colors make everything seem a little otherwordly , which adds to the ambience nicely . It was also interesting as a fan of the comic to see aspects of many different story lines in there . There were even some scenes and dialogue lifted right off the page , the camera framing it into a moving comic panel.Could the acting be better in some instances ? Sure but most genre films have a couple cringe worthy part . Is the movie laughably melodramatic and cliched at times ? Ibid , see above . Do they completely change some characters ? Just look at Chas for your answer . But I think it will surprise you if you give it half a chance . At the very least , it will be fun for fans of the comic to pick out all the little Hellblazer details .
 I just saw this movie tonight and I liked it . Obviously you should not expect Oscar worthy acting from Mr. Reeves but overall the film was very well done.Reeves plays John Constantine , a man on earth who has been to hell and back . He now sees demons -LRB- well , half demons which he labels half-breeds -RRB- on earth and performs exorcisms to send them back to hell ... He knows that Hell is his fate because he does not fit the critera for Heaven -LRB- since he sees good and evil , and has seen Hell he does not have Faith , one ca n't have faith if one knows the truth -RRB- so he is destined for the prison where he has send half of the inmates . He is obviously not going to be greeted warmly.When a female police detective approaches Constantine after her sister commits suicide he sets out to help her know if and why her sister -LRB- twin -RRB- killed herself ... I liked it . The FX were great and the story line was very interesting . What is n't interesting about Heaven and Hell ? We all wonder about such things . I particularly enjoyed the interruption of Hell , and feel the FX were very well done ... If you 're into horror/sci fi / action films this is deff one worth checking out .
 I am stunned by the volume of vicious reviews that this film received . In my opinion , there were only three films in 2005 that were worth repeat viewings ; Serenity , Batman Begins , and this one.I can only assume that there is a very active `` Keanu-backlash '' in effect . I found this movie to be interesting with great visuals . Perhaps other reviewers could n't deal with a hero figure that is very different from what is usually portrayed on screen . This Constantine triumphs due to his wits and ability to manipulate others , very like his comic counterpart.So , he 's not blond or British , move on ! If Keanu had n't got involved , there would n't have been any Hellblazer movie , and the fanboys would have bitched about that !
 These movie scared me when i first saw it , but i wanted to visit it again , at was a great buy .
 This movie was an unexpected thrill . I had no expectations of it when my husband and I watched it . We loved it .
 This movie blew me away the first time I seen this movie . I wish it were 20-30 mins longer to for more story.I have wanted part 2 for years now but sadly I am still waiting . I purchased this movie on DVD then HD-DVD . When HD-DVD was put to rest , I was upset because I knew I would not be using that player for long . I broke down and purchase the Bluray for another high def version.I am glad to say I am not disappointed .
 What a good movie . However as good as it is , it sometimes takes on a child-like sense of humor ... . The acting is ok . But i wish they had a stronger story line ... The guy who plays satan is great . And Many of the parts are jaw dropping ... . I give it 4 out of 5 stars , , , , I do say buy it because when you see it you will want to see it again ...
 This is a great movie , for the type of movie -LRB- angels and demons -RRB- it has extremely good graphics and lead story . Plus , not to mention Keanu Reeves ;D Definitely recommended for those of you who like the angels and demons kind of thing , and it truly makes you wonder whats out there .
 I am not a huge fan of Keanu Reeves , but the supporting cast in this film and the special effects , along with a well-written plot make it one of my favorite flicks .
 I 'm not a particular fan of Keanu Reeves 's acting -LRB- exceptions include , mainly , THE MATRIX , in which I enjoyed his work very much -RRB- . I 'm an admirer of the original DC-universe comic character Constantine only to the extent that I enjoyed his appearance in the first Sandman graphic novel . Constantine 's stand-alone adventures are not so much gritty in a noir kind of way as they are graphically uninspiring , and that , perhaps with some dialogue issues , is why I 've never found them engaging , despite their premise.The film version departs radically from the comic , and , for me , that was a sound approach . Visually , it 's far more arresting than the graphic novels and much more noir in flavor -- although , obviously , it 's a supernatural noir . Although critics were n't especially found of this movie , the script is more than solid , the cast and acting very fine , and the ancillaries -LRB- soundtrack , special effects , editing , etc. -RRB- all terrific.You might consider giving it a try .
 I see many people only gave this movie 3 stars but I have to say I really liked this movie . Maybe it 's because I 'm a horror writer and have been a horror fanatic for all my life but this movie was different from most of the horror that is being circulated around today . What makes it different ? Well , for starters , it is thought provoking . You ca n't just waste 2 mindless hours watching a Jason or Michael Myers hacking up everyone who crosses their path . This movie has a level of depth to it that is rarely seen in today 's cut and hack horror . That was automatically a bonus for me . Reeves character is conflicted , not one that is some religious freak pouring out all his righteous anger on the demonic entities he encounters . Even Gabriel , God 's angel , was conflicted in this movie , losing sight of who 's side he/she was really on . In most of the cases , there were no true lines dividing good from evil and in my mind , that is more true to life that typical representations . This movie was entertaining , action-packed , interesting and fun . I highly recommend it to all horror fans .
 Constantine was a very pleasant surprise . All the warning flags were up
 Keanu 's best movies seem to be the ones where he is wearing his Blues Brothers suit . You know , the slim black tie , white collared shirt and black suit . The Matrix , Johnny Pneumonic -LRB- Oh cmon . . it was pretty good -RRB- and now Constantine . His best characters have been `` Okay , stand there and look cool but do n't say a whole lot '' . His character is an anti-hero . He 's a chain smoking self-absorbed demon hunter who thinks if he kills enough of hell 's army on earth then he will be accepted into heaven . He has died once already for a brief time and knows he is going back to hell . Throw in the fact he has lung cancer and you have the character 's motivation.The basic premise is Heaven vs. Hell . It 's based upon a DC comic series -LRB- Comic is included -RRB- and Heaven is competing with Hell for souls . Enter Keanu 's character . The story was actually very well done . I did not see this in theatres because I thought it was going to be a cheesy `` Matrix in Hell '' movie . It was actually really good , the special effects were nicely placed and the supporting cast were really good . There was a brief part played by the lead singer from Bush and he can actually act.If you like a good Sci-Fi type action movie with a pretty interesting story and good visuals then this is worth a look . Nice addition to your DVD collection .
 This is one of the best SFX movies ever made . Trust me , this is a sci-fi thriller beyond imagination ! The monsters are great , the acting is great , and it is a bit scary at parts . BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!! It is amazing !!!
 Considering that Keanu Reeves is the lead , which is the only reason this got four instead of five stars . -LRB- I ca n't stop picturing him in Bill & Ted -RRB- I really do n't know how so many people could hate this movie . Admittedly , if you 're going to see a movie that 's deep and entirely filled with philosophy on the nature of god , yada , yada , yada , this is probably not the movie for you . However , if you 're looking for classic good versus evil , and a good time with a few humorous moments thrown in , then I would definitely recommend this . I 'm not going to compare it to the comic because I 've never read it , but even so I think this is a good stand alone film because it explains all you need to know , and understanding is not dependent on being familiar with the comic before you watch it .
 I had no idea what to expect going into this film -LRB- just watched it on DVD a few minutes ago -RRB- . I had heard some negativity from fans of the comic -LRB- I 've never read the comic myself -RRB- ; and it certainly had the potential to be a flop . But I absolutely loved it ! The plot was interesting , the acting was good , the effects were great -- and there was not a boring moment . What could have been a hack , predictable plot was always surprising and interesting . Hats off to the writers and director -- with all the crap horror/thriller that gets on the big screen , this was a welcome change .
 I LOVED THIS MOVIE ! IT WAS UNIQUE , ACTION-PACKED & IT ALWAYS KEPT ME WONDERING WHAT WAS GOING TO HAPPEN NEXT . I LOVE SUPERNATURAL THRILLERS ANYWAY BUT THE FACT THAT KEANU REEVES IS IN THIS ONE AND THAT HE DID SUCH A GREAT JOB PLAYING HIS CHARACTER MADE IT EXTRA GOOD . HIS FEMALE COUNTERPART IS ALSO EXCELLENT IN THIS FILM . I WILL HAVE TO SEE WHAT ELSE SHE 'S BEEN IN . THIS IS ONE DVD I WILL DEFINITELY ADD TO MY COLLECTION . AND TO THE FOLKS WHO MAKE THE MOVIES
 I do n't know . Most movies do n't leave me in `` Awe '' when i 'm finished watching them , but for some reason this movie did . The whole story i found very interesting , and the special effects were awesome . i 'm not really fond of writing long reviews , i just think this movie is great and i highly reccommend it , and forget all the negative reviews their garbage , see Constantine and give it a chance before u judge it , u just might be suprised at how good it is .
 Let 's start by saying that I am a huge fan of comicbooks . HUGE!At age 40 , I can say that I 've been collecting them in one form or another since I was about 8-years old . ` Constantine ' is based on a comic , albeit with a more mature them , and one that I have to say I 've never read before . I think that 's a good thing because I do n't care to read about it . Besides , ` not ' reading the book allowed me the oppotunity to see the movie for what it was . What ` Constantine ' for me was a fun , sometimes creepy , sometimes campy film that I had a good time seeing . Yes , one could argue Keanu Reeves ' acting prowess -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , but the fact is it was n't as bad as people say . The only real complaint I have is the role given to that ` Disney ' kid - Shia Lebouf -LRB- sp -RRB- or whatever his name is . If I see him play the bumbling sidekick in one more movie I think I 'll do myself in . Other than that , check your logic -LRB- and acting expectations , and religion -RRB- at the door and do try to have fun .
 I saw this twice in the theater - and for what we pay nowadays for tickets that 's about the best review I can write . This movie was visually stirring and was the topic of conversation as we exited the theater and several hours after . See it for the ` Gabriel ' character alone !
 I really liked this movie alot , going in the theatre not knowing who Constantine does or what powers he had I just knew it was another comic book movie and it was great for me , but the only -LRB- Explicit word here -RRB- problem I have with Warner Bros. is that they dont know what DTS means ! I am just completly fed up with them , I mean imagine how the MATRIX TRILOGY would sound in DTS , you name some other Warner bros titles that deserve high quality sound ... this pathetic Dolby Digital 5.1 is good , dont get me wrong , but if you people who dont know what DTS is go here -LRB- ... -RRB- to summerize DTS ... the bitrate is much higher than Dolby Digital , in other words it sounds louder and more clear , So clear you can hear the diffrence . Believe DTS is a great technology for DVD , its a shame warner bros does n't think so , i 'm really fed up with WB . If you own a Home Theatre system and have n't heard of DTS technology . . boy you dont know what you are missing , its like a whole new meaning to the word home theatre . You 'll be looking for DTS DVD 's after hearing the diffrence . I would of given it a five if WB would think about DTS
 Constantine was a fun ride with great visual effects ! I loved it ! Do n't let the other sniveling reviews dissuade you . Most of those were written by what I like to call Comic Nazi 's . Pathetic little creatures , who like to bag on anybody else 's vision that does not exactly match their precious comic books.Then you you have those that like to hate Keanu Reeves , and will forever brand him because of Bill & Ted . With that said Constantine Rocked ! My girlfriend usually hates these types of movies and even she liked it!The characters were over the top -LRB- who cares if they did n't match the comic -RRB- . The visual effects kicked A$ $ . Overall a great movie and worth the ten bucks !
 I ca n't believe all the negative reviews , in my opinion this was one of the better big-budget offerings in the last 2 years . The special affects were not intrusive and did not serve to ` fill ' any parts of the movie , like in Van Helsing -LRB- now there was a crap and pointless movie -RRB- , but served a plot that was identifiable and believable .1 . Keanu Reeves acted as he always does , why are people surprised .2 . The plot and action were nothing like the Matrix , why are you even comparing the two ? 3 . The script was fine , i did n't cringe once at any of the dialogue.in my opinion it was very enjoyable and I do n't begrudge a single penny of the money I spent at the box office .
 This movie was really good , though funny at times . I could not help but laug hat a chainsmoking exorcist who punched a little girl . It was really pretty good , had great ideas and superb visual effects . Gavis Rossdale was a laugh cause he ca n't act . But I loved the angels and demons , and Lucifer could have been more evil and had wings ! But anyway , go and check it out , most people will like it , fans of Hellboy or Dogma -LRB- lol sorry , not so much Dogma -RRB- but Hellboy for sure , check it out .
 Alright , here 's the deal
 Constantine is a fun movie with creative special effects and a great soundtrack . Apart from a few of the props being a bit hokey , this movie was one of the most entertaining films I have seen in a long time . If you have an interest in the supernatural and also love a good action movie , you should watch Constantine .
 CONSTANTINE is an amazing , powerful and imaginative film . It is surreal and dark.It feels like a weird dream you ca n't wake up from that makes you reallylook at the feelings/actions in your own life that you fear.I do n't know the comic book and I do n't believe in Heaven and Hell . WE create that in our own lives , and we get stuck in it . I feel that 's one of the themes in this film.Many of the demonic images of fiery worlds of suffering we create for ourselves.Not every culture shares these images or punishing beliefs.Keanu Reeves is brilliant in this movie . The characters he plays are almosttrance channelers for other realities - like Kabuki players or Shamans.I love how extreme this film is . There is a fluid energy that the characters move inand out of that is also disturbing and intense.There are a lot of films and tv shows now about the occult and psychic phenomena andspiritual experiences.CONSTANTINE is a fascinating journey into our fears and beliefs.I give Keanu and all the actors and Director high marks in excellence to go intothese dark and murky places that already exist within us . Awesome movie !
 Writing without offense ~ John constantine has tried so hard 2 buy his way 2 heaven , did he do tat b ` coz he likes heaven , or he really afraid 2 face the fearsome hell ? At first I thought he tried so hard 2 deport all those demons juz b ` coz he 's very afraid 2 c d scorching hell again ... But later , he seemed 2 understand why he 'd worked his whole life 4 the exorcism . Some may think he 's juz doing all of this for himself , while i might hv thought he was juz like that ... but later ... I realised that ... every mortal are just like that ! Do n't we?Not all of us have a chance to c the horror once and able 2 get back to tell a tale . So , it 's just normal for anyone to repend what they 'd done ... for any cost.However ... John failed to recognise his mistake , that he did n't release his faith for his own destiny . He tied his fate to the worse while he himself not realising about his error . Alas , his final wish showed something , he had freed his mind . He is willing to set two innocent souls for the sake of his own extension . Sacrifice ! Satan called in disbelief.Yes , that 's the point . We do n't built our destiny . We live with it . We feel it . We let our path guide us . Sometimes , 1 +1 may not be two . It may be something else , beyond the horizon.So long for a kid , i guess . Sory if this words made any offense . Thanks . GBU .
 It seems many of the worst reviews were written by the same person . Fake reviews are usually done to improve the rating by someone that could benefit from higher sales . Between bad reviews from people with an axe to grind and those promoting their own crappy movie , these reviews have become useless .
 Getting there may be hell , but end is worth bumpy tripA lot of movies suffer from ending dysfunction.They start out great , build toward a climax , then phhhhtttt . They fizzle out in the third act , fumble the finale and are never quite sure how to wrap things up.Not `` Constantine . `` The duel-with-the-devil drama starring Keanu Reeves adopts the opposite formula . Most of the interesting moments are stockpiled for the last 20 minutes . Minor characters appear to deliver a punch , and the film finally takes off.This is good.And bad . It means you have to slog through the often-sluggish first two-thirds to reach the payoff . Director Francis Lawrence , known for music videos , took on quite a challenge for his feature film debut . It 's based on the `` Hellblazer '' series of graphic novels about John Constantine , a kind of exorcist detective demon-fighter . There are powerful jolt-moments of creepy-looking demon dudes , followed by calm moments , followed by more jolts . This is what you might call the film 's rhythm . But when these moments are so telegraphed , the jolts lose their luster.The premise , however , is a real corker.The chain-smoking Constantine has the ability to see half-breeds -LRB- agents of good or evil who are here to mess with mankind -RRB- , and he 's adept at sending the bad ones to hell . The problem is
 I got the movie on time and everything brand new the problem is I thought it would work in my samsung surround sound HD theater but it did n't . I ca n't really tell you anything other than I wish I can see how good it looks LOL . You will get your DVD on time though
 I never read the comics , but the movie was awesome . Got ta read the comics now ...
 Awsome special effects , interesting plot , good for people that like to be scared but are not big fans of horror movies .
 The product came just as it was promoted and even earlier than expected , very good service .
 The idea is decent , the ending is sound , and Keanu Reeves plays his character in a way that reminds me of Agent Smith in the Matrix . I would give Constantine two thumbs up if Rachel Weisz and Tida Swinton had made it together , but that 's just me . Since they did n't , it 's a decent flick.Lower your expectations , have a few beers and enjoy .
 I am not one for things such as horror movies , action flicks with all action no story , demon possession type movies , etc. . . ; However , I LOVE this movie . What 's incredible about it is that there is some really thought provoking material here . There is also some brilliant imagery , such as when Angela & Constantine are in the street as the winged demons are coming after Angela . There they stand in front of what looks to be a religious type store that 's closed for the evening with a life sized virgin Mary in the window . There Angela stands in front of the virgin Mother , Mary 's arms stretched out & Angela appearing right in the middle of her arms . Its not doctrinally or historically correct on many things , of course its a fictional story . There ARE some things , though , that are accurate or hint at the knowledge that is coming to light , archaelogically & historically speaking . They weave these things into the story seemlessly alongside the things made up just for the story . The ideas are interesting , the action is alot of fun , the artistry is beautiful , the character development is great , and the demons are downright scary -LRB- as they should be ! -RRB- Its not a bubble gum type of movie . Its not just there to scare you . Its not there just to let you see things get blown up . You get these things , but you get alot more . One last thing I 'll say is that there are a few things that I did n't get the first time around . It has `` replay '' value . You can go back to this movie again & again and always find something new , something you 've missed before .
 I love Constantine ! It is a wonderful movie ! I think it is really great ! With great action and special effects ! I dont care what you guys think ! I thought that this movie was a hit . It definetly should have been ! You guys care to much if it is like the comic books . You should should just lighten up and enjoy this great movie ! It also has some very big stars . Keanu Reeves was great in it and so was Rachel Weiz . Great movie ! A must-see !
 Overall , this is a good movie . The story is very good , and very tongue and cheek with views and belief . As for the HD version , GREAT , and has tons of Supplements/Extra/Features , it was definitely worth with the `` IN-Depth '' that comes with the movie ! I 'm happy to say that `` IF '' you like this movie , then buy the HD version of it , I was n't a fan of this Movie , but I bought it because i knew the HD would be awesome , and it did n't disappoint me , and then for some reason , I was watching the movie , and I was like , `` Wow , this is a pretty good movie . '' Again , Mr. Reeves , is n't the best actor , BUT he did OK , enough to not ruin the movie . This is a great movie ! I would recommend atleast checking it out ! :-RRB- Awesome picture !
 This film has everything in it : Horror , action , great characters , some eye-candy -LRB- Rachel Weisz on top form -RRB- , demons , angels , mad special effects , a deep plot that sucks you in the minute you look at the screen , and an overall intriquing idea for a movie.Keanu plays the part of John Constantine , a thirty-something man who can see demons and angels . He commited suicied when he was a teen and went straight to hell - because it is a mortal sin . But then he came back and has worked for god , sending all the demons and `` half-breeds '' as he can back to hell . By doing this he hopes to get into heaven because he is doomed to die of lung-cancer . Rachel Weisz can also see certain things , as did her institutionalised twin sister . Its when her sister commits suicide that Rachel meets with Keanu to see if she did in fact commit suicide.I wont go any further with the plot , you will have to enjoy it yourself and rent out the movie.I would recommend watching it twice at least . The plot is so deep I found it kind of overwhelming at times . The first time i saw the ending i didnt really understand what happened . But the 2nd tme round i saw the movie in all its glory and will definitely be watching it again .
 The film `` Constantine '' should not be considered a horror movie . I would call it a `` Thriller '' ; that seems more befitting . It is a very Theologically-based movie . `` Constantine '' is about John Constantine - a man trying to buy his way into Heaven with the extraordinary gifts of being able to see and talk to supernatural beings and being able to perform exorcisms . He meets a young detective who is investigating the death of her twin sister . As the plot progresses you are able to see that things are on a much grander scale than originally thought.This movie brings many things into play other than good acting and special effects . Despite the other reviews , Keanu Reeves does a very good job in this film and it is by no means a `` Matrix '' rip-off . In truth , Keanu Reeves is a very good actor who has made the mistake of taking some very bad roles . His performance in `` The Devil 's Advocate '' was stunning .
 Oh come on!Please , the critics for this are probably either ignorants who do n't understand the story fully , or Catholics/Christians who got offended by the movie ! This movie deserves at least a 4.5 / 5 ! Being an Atheist , I would expect to not understand the movie at all , instead , I come out of the theater extremely pleased and with very few minor questions about the movie . I enjoyed the plot , Keanu Reeves acted great , and sincerely , this movie deserves 5/5 . I enjoyed it so much , I bought the soundtrack and some other items related to Constantine , and watched it 3 times more.When I have time , of course I 'll buy this movie ! Especially a two-disk edition , which 'll probably contain more scenes than the movie can get.Overall , this movie is horribly underrated by bad critics , and deserves a solid 5/5 .
 I never read the comics , but I love horror movies . I do n't consider hack and slash movies horror , so when I go to watch a horror movie I want to see real life situations and truly creepy horror . And what better direction to go than the battle between good and evil . I had reservations since it got about a 50 % reception on a popular movie review site -LRB- * cough * tomatoes * cough * -RRB- but I went to watch it anyway and I was pleasantly surprised . It has the right amount of scary parts and humor as well as drama and action . All of these make the movie just a treat to watch . It 's the best horror movie I 've seen in quite some time -LRB- since Frailty -RRB- . It succeeds in being serious and not taking itself seriously at the same time . The director/screen writer has a knack for horror humor which just blew me away . This is an instant classing in my mind because it has so many elements of horror lacking in movies today . I give it five stars because I left the movie with a grin on my face and I was laughing all the way home at the humor in it . The atmosphere of the movie and everything about it is just awesome . I guess I 've been hungry for this kind of horror for a long time . Not since the Prophecy series have we seen this sort of struggle in a movie . I just hope they do n't make a series out of this one , because ... like movies like Stargate , it 's timeless and a complete story on its own . Reeves plays a convincing role ... and captures a bit of Clint Eastwood in his performance . Rachel is ... well , Rachel . She seems to fit into any role you put her in . The choices for Gabriel and Satan fit the movie to a tee . Just go watch it and decide for yourself . It was money well spent for me . I 'm gon na own this one on DVD .
 My God ... Anyone who has read the comic and read between the lines could tell you that inevitable changes would be made . Sure '' he is American , Neo is Constantine '' are understandable but , GET A LIFE ! . It 's just a movie . It is all too obvious that the film was based toward a general movie audience . Stop acting like a bunch of Trekkies and give it some credit .
 This film is sooo cool ! Nobody messes with Constantine without getting their wings clipped but good !
 I have to say , I thought it was going to be the same old same old exorcist movie ... yeah , the begining of the movie did n't help much . I was like , `` Oh , there they go again with the girl in the bed ... '' -LRB- except without the head spinning thing -RRB- . Could n't it have been a desk or at LEAST the Liberty Bell that sh was tied to ? At least THAT would have been original . Well , I was wrong ... right after the bed thing , anyway . Yes , I know , many ppl do n't seem to care for Keanu Reeves , but I must say , this is one of his best work . With it 's special effects , and engaging story plot , it was n't hard for me to really emmerse myself in this movie . Gaven -LRB- singer from Bush -RRB- took me out of the story JUST for a second , ONLY because I did n't know he was going to be in this movie , and was thinking , `` Gwen must be proud . '' Anyway , it was n't long before I was sucked back into the movie again . Being a non religious person , I have to admit , it really did make me wonder about existence . So , those of you who are looking for something interesting to watch , see this .
 I actually looked at the dvd on amazon first to see what everyone was saying and the negative reviews can really color your judgement of something . I put off seeing it for a while but I just did and I was riveted . Usually when I watch a movie at home I am always doing something or paying attention to something else but this movie really held my rapt attention . Since I do n't read comics my judgement was n't colored by that . The performances were good and there was even comedy . So if you want to watch a good action/horror flick then you should really see Constantine .
 Constantine certainly makes up for most of the senseless trash that 's put out in the theaters today . The script was well-made . Alot of time was clearly put into the plot.Excellent performances were put-forth for Constantine . I really enjoyed Peter Stormare 's performance in his role of Satan and Tilda Swinton 's in her role of the archangel Gabriel . Although , I did find it kind of odd that a woman was cast as Gabriel ... But , she handled the role so well that in the end , casting a female rather than a male in that role did seem more fitting . It really worked . But , my favorite portrayal of Gabriel is still Christopher Walken 's in the Prophecy series -LRB- I recommend that series for supernatural thrillers , too ! -RRB- . Reeves and Weisz both put-forth great performances . I do n't know why people are trying to compare Reeves 's performance in this movie to that of his much earlier role in The Devil 's Advocate . The way he 's acting in this movie might be along the same track as Advocate 's , but if so , why care ? The way he portrays John Constantine is what the movie called for
 Okay I 'm not a Comic book nerd ... . I like special effects and vivid flames flying at me ! There is nothing wrong with this movie ... Yes yes Keanu reeves is still an average actor , the story line is crazy and way out there , but that 's what I LIKE about it !!! The cool good versus evil story is awesome ! I would recommend anyone with a pulse that likes action movies with a twist of horrow , rent this movie ! At least rent it , or buy it ! There is no reason why people should be on here bashing the fact that this is n't true to the comic it 's based on , I 've never really believed in the idea that Movie Producers actually wanted to stay close to a comics story , because it 's impossible simply because they 're two different subsidiaries ! all right that 's all I have to say .
 This movie was excellent from beginning to end . If the only reason people dont like this movie is because of the graphic novel , then they , quite frankly , can go to you know where . Take a look at how many horrible movies came out recently . Garfield , Electra , Alone in the Dark , Boogeyman , House of the Dead ... this movie is not one of them . Keanu has his own style of acting , and if you cant get use to it , then thats your problem . He isnt a bad actor . This movie is a very visually stunning , thought provoking , action film which should please anybody who isnt a fan of the comics , and wants to see something different ... its not like they called the movie Hellblazer either , its called Constatine for a reason . Also , the two disk special edition is fantastic , which includes a comic book , and a transfer which is better than the theatre .
 I do n't understand why some people do n't like this movie . I keep an open mind , and I thought this movie was very cool.Keanu as Constantine was pretty good , I think he acted better here than in the last 2 matrix movies.Nonetheless , if you can keep an open mind , the plot makes sense and the special effects are very cool .
 I never read the original comic books , so I ca n't argue from an adaptation point-of-view . However , going in unfamiliar with the source material , I thoroughly enjoyed this film . Constantine is a great anti-hero different from all the other `` super '' heroes in most movies . He 's conflicted , impatient , and cynical . Keanu did a solid job in the title role , I found him very empathetic and entertaining . Also , I did n't think the movie succombed to its SPFX - in fact , the grand finale was more cerebrial than just a big action scene .
 This was a fantastic movie regardless of its comic book origins . Keanu Reeves does a great job playing his role as a tormented veteran demon hunter who knows his time is running out . He delivers a great sense of foreboding that you begin to understand as you learn about where he is headed . Rachel Weisz 's character is played with some inconsistency , first wanting the help of Constantine , then shunning it when he offers . A minor annoyance . The pace is good , and the plot develops very consistently , with some great lessons for all of us intertwined . Highly recommended .
 I have n't been able to get this movie out of my head . I love it , it was such a brilliant take on the comic book adaption . Sure , I was disappointed at first about the casting choice to play constantine , but it turned out so much better than I expected and I grew to love it . I ca n't wait for a sequel!Reeves did an outstanding job capturing the spirit of John Constantine , and Rachel Weisz gave her all . The two had such great chemistry and I am thankful they did n't overplay the relationship thing by not overfluffing the movie . It 's a great flick you should consider adding this to your collection.Kudos to Francis Lawrence for doing such an outstanding job as a first time movie director .
 I truly belive that Keanu has found his calling ... I love him as the quiet , robotic -LRB- in speech & movement -RRB- , superhero type . The Matrix movies plus Constantine really have proven this fact for me . I think he is a `` different '' kind of actor & he seems to do well in these roles . The movie is funny and dark ... I love both ! Keanu looks fantastic ... that makes it even better to watch ! I think it was a great movie ! It is not 5 stars because I can only hold that type of rating for movies like The Lord of the Rings trilogy .
 Amazing . The most unbelievable fresh plot together with kickass special effects ! You wont see much better -LRB- Actually Exorcist : The Beginning , scared the hell out of me ! -RRB- . You need to see this , this will be on the top 100 movies of the 21st century ! Keanu actually put in a little bit more acting skills than the usual mono-syllabic retorts from the matrix , showing that he 's just not a pretty boy . Okay , he is still a pretty boy , but at he 's putting a little more effort in . Weisz put in a good acting job as well . Which is why the movie had more than average reaction from me . The best actors of the flick is the Devil -LRB- of course -RRB- and the chick playing the angel Gabriel.What 's it about ? Well , there 's a long standing battle between heaven and hell fighting for the souls on earth . There 's one condition though , no one is allowed to directly interact with humans . The pact was broken , and it 's up to Constantine to save the world . Why ca n't I can a `` save the world '' plot in my own life ? because I 'd buckle under pressure that 's why!Acting - 3.5 / 5Action - 4/5Originality - 4.5 / 5Fear factor - 3/5Bed wetting problem after - 1/5Overall - 4/5
 did you like the exorcist ? well this is better . take a trip into the world that few have seen and even fewer want to . if your a fan of good vrs evil you are not going to miss this movie . follow a man who already knows where he is going after he dies and he hates deamons with a passion . one of the best movies i have seen .
 It was better than I thought it was going to be . Keanu reeves is awesome . I am going to watch it again bc dealing with devils and angels is always a second take .
 This movie is outstanding , I have watched it a dozen time and will watch it much more.Keanu Reeves does a superior job with his charter , the story line is simple , but great.I highly recommend this movie !
 Constantine has accepted his fate and made peace with it . He knows that death and a hellish afterlife are imminent . Flawed and fatalistic , cigarette between his fingers , he plods along throwing himself into one horrific situation after another , in an effort to help a woman he does n't even know . It 's creepy and powerful . Angels , devils and friends . The guilty and innocent . Keanu Reeves is perfect in this role and it 's a movie to watch again and again . Liked it a lot . Reminds me of Sandman Slim stories .
 excellent story and the movie tells it well . the special effects are an asset to the story and do n't overshadow it .
 I bought this movies because is one of the last movies where keanu reeves is the main actor and leaving behind shya labou . Great movie .
 I 'll be the first to admit that this film is not without its faults , first and foremost being Keanu Reeves . You can tell that this casting choice was made by producers who were hoping to ride on the coat-tails of the Matrix series . Reeves ' stoic performance drains the acerbic wit and douchebaggery that Hellblazer fans have come to love from John Constantine . However , we get a surprisingly good performance from Rachel Weisz , who clearly put a lot more effort into her work than Reeves . Furthermore , the film has a very solid sense of visual style , which does n't solely depend on its visual effects . At times , it simply makes use of good cinematography and editing , which is enhanced by Brian Tyler and Klaus Badelt 's refreshingly original soundtrack . Perhaps this film 's strongest asset , however , is its script , which has its occasional drags and forced dialogue . However , it succeeds where many recent comic-book adaptations have failed . It gives us a fairly original story that contains some genuine surprises and some cool action . Sure , it did n't deserve any Oscars , but it was a solid B-movie that was under-appreciated for its time .
 I love this movie . I can watch it over and over again . Perhaps it 's how cavalier Constantine is about eternal consequences . It is certainly tongue in cheek .
 I love this movie . I 'm not a fan of the original graphic comics - - just never crossed my radar , not that I travel the right circles -LRB- sadly -RRB- -- so i am ordering a rebinding of the original series , set 1 , today . I remember seeing this the first time and thinking , eh , it 's ok . But I knew that was because some element touched something basic in me . But I watch it again and again over the years and love it more every time . Now -- exactly today -- i would say , i 'm an entrenched cult fan . My status as a KR fan completely aside -LRB- and undiscussed -RRB- is irrelevant . Although if this film had been made with the originally envisioned Nicholas Cage -LRB- who I will freely confess my belief to be a truly great actor -RRB- it would have had a completely different feel , tone , and I 'm not sure I would have liked this combination . I absolutely adore Rachel Weisz without qualification . -LRB- KR 's career has been attended by so much controversy I just abstain -RRB- . I feel the chemistry is sufficient , sorry I ca n't say more , but again put this in context - I still absolutely love this movie for some indefinable subliminal -LRB- or sublime -RRB- factor I ca n't put into words . And the more times I watch it the more strongly I feel this way . I hope I enjoy the comic series , which I know is qualitatively somewhat different , but I 've always enjoyed this type of comic or graphic novel . So I expect I will .
 If good versus evil with Catholic undertones films that are n't horror films is your fancy then this is the film for you.This film is very visual alluring like V for Vendetta but more searching the Bible for clues to end of days . I liked all the characters . They felt very well-developed . I am a sucker for Keanu Reeves playing the hero.I just find this film very artistic , good versus evil comic book film .
 One of my fav movies . Keanu Reeves has been a favorite actor of mine since &#34; Speed &#34; . If you love Sci-fi , the apocalyptic genre , and battles between the natural and spiritual realm , then you 'll like this movie . No complaints here !
 very good movie about the fight between heaven and hell , good and evil ... one of keanu reeves better performances in my opinion .
 Decent movie ; good action ; no scrapes on the disk ; NOT Biblically correct ... it will make you think though ; great ending .
 I love this movie ! I really really liked the price , and no scratches everything was perfect ! Thank you very much !
 all around classic movie when it comes to demons and angels . great purchase . you almost dont want it to end
 I love this movie . I 've seen this movie over 20 times and still enjoy it each time I see it .
 Although it 's a cult film , I really do think that Keanu Reeves is perfect for this role . I really wish that they would make more with him .
 Interesting take on angels , hell & the in between ... surprisingly well acted ... great cast . Blu Ray effects were phenominal . I thoroughly enjoyed it . Great buy !
 I went into watching this movie thinking that it wouldnt be that good . . was I wrong . it 's one of the best movies I have seen in a long time , does not have one boring part . it really keeps you into the movie .
 People are still lost in the Matrix ... Forget about the Matrix ! Forget about the fact that this was taken from a comic book and comparing it to that ! This in fact was a very good movie and the only reason it got bad reviews was because of the nerdy comic book guys that ca n't seem to step out of that reality ... . I never read the comic book and I did ` nt think the matrix was all that great , in fact I thought this movie was way better then the matrix sequals ... Special Effects were kewl , alot of action from the start ...
 From start to finish , this film meritsnothing but praise ! The sequencing , logic , action , the quality of performances , the wardrobes , layered visuals and thescript were all executed extremely well , superbly . Not one minute was wasted onthe screen . The film consumed theviewers in the audience we were part of.No one was bored , or waiting too long forthe next scene . When it was done , no onewanted to leave . We just sat there stillsoaking up all we had seen . It was a pleasureto be so entertained ! Mentally this filmwas a workout for those less appreciativeof all that went into the film . A must seefor the intellectually seducable.We loved it !!!!
 Despite some movie goers belief that Reeves can not act , I foundthe film top-notch . Why ? Maybe you have n't noticed but ever sincethe release and surprising success of The Ring , movie studioshave been scranbling to `` shove '' PG-13 so-called thrillers in ourfaces in the guise of horror films . Give me a break ! PG-13 scareymovies are designed to scare teenage girls only . A good horrormovie will be rated R and will have people talking about it forweeks . Case in point , the original Exorcist . I for one am abouttwo seconds away from sending all the movie studios an e-mailasking ... no BEGGING them to return to R-rated horror films.The reason I 've been hearing why they 've decided to slap aPG-13 rating on these...so-called horror films is because theywant to reach a wider audience . Excuse me ? Show me one 13 yearold who HAS N'T seen The Exorcist or the original Alien or Preda-tor , and I 'll show you a teenager who 's been locked in a closet .
 It 's the best movie I 've seen all year `` so far '' at the movie theater.I actually enjoyed it more than Robert DeNiro 's `` Hide and Seek '' . Constantine ~ is a good movie.No there 's not alot of action but alot of explaining about what 's going on with Heaven & Hell.If anyone ever seen The Prophecy with Christoper Walken then you should know alittle bit more about Constantine and you would know `` Gabriel '' the angel is a renegade only doing things for his or herself.With all the movies relating to Satin , Heaven , Hell and Demons.I 'd have to say Constantine is better than all.It was n't scary or anything , just a great story for a movie.You ca n't stick this movie next to The Exorcist , Halloween or Friday the 13th . Constantine falls , between Van Helsing but in 2005 and maybe alittle bit of End of Days since the influence of evil spreads throughout humans `` mentally '' . Go and see this movie , there 's nothing else out there to see yet.Next on my list is Boogeyman.Can ' t wait for Batman Begins in the summer.Also Fantastic Four comes out too this year .
 I personally have not ever read the comics and did n't even know it was based on a comic-we went mostly because the special effects looked awesome . I did n't think it was a terrible movie ; a quite long movie I will say it was . Almost 2 hours is quite long . I personally thought Keanu was okay as an actor in it . I did n't like the Gabriel role or the person who played Satan . I LOVED that fact that once again Gavin Rossdale was in a movie-and he pulled off his part well to but seemed to be stretching also . It just felt forced acting from ALL the actors and actresses . But , the plot was good and the special effects rocked ! So I look over the acting . I personally wonder if many people do n't like the movie because it relies heavily on religion and you may start to debate your own faith ?! But , I found that part interesting and part of the suspense and sort of a horror factor came from the religion role . It was a heck of a lot scarier than Bogeyman and Hide and Seek ; for the fact that it was better at putting you in the movie and also catching you off guard more often . Personally I think this movie is worth catching . It is n't terrible but it feels super long-that is my biggest complaint .
 Do not listen to the people who are trying to compare this movie to the comic . Forget that this movie is based on a comic . This movie delivers on every front . The story is great and the acting is even better . Rachel Weisz and Keanu Reeves are spectacular and the visual effects are fantastic . This is one of the best movies I have seen in the last five years .
 I am tired of everyone making fun of Keanu Reeves . Everyone calls him stupid and I can not disagree more . I think Keanu is actually a dark character or at least plays it well in this film . I do n't know why there is so much hostility towards this man but I am writing this review to defend him and his acting . I actually think he acted pretty well in this movie , especially in the beginning of the movie where he takes the demon out of a poor girl . Keanu Reeves has good acting skills and actually played out this movie well . This movie 's plot is what drew me to this film because it sounded interesting , even though I am not too religious and this movie is heavily drenched in religion . Yet it was played out good nonetheless . I was drawn to see what would happen at the end and it was not predictable . I like the alternative ending as well on the deleted scenes but definitely the first ending is better.Don ' t take what a lot of these reviewers said so personally , fellow reader . Keanu Reeves is not as bad as they make him sound . He is actually pretty good in this movie and made this film quite interesting . Honestly if there was a young exorcist I would imagine him to look a lot like Keanu , dark hair and all . The other actors are n't too bad either , I thought the person who played Gabriel was very interesting . I give this movie a solid four stars . Like the movie Stigmata was for me , it was good as a thriller , but too heavily religious for me to be five star . Still good though , and worth watching .
 This movie is not some brainless action-shoot-em-up . It 's a brilliantly executed comic book movie . From the very first exorcism when Keanu Reeves as Constantine sorting through an assortment of holy symbols up to the light as one would sort through a key chain this movie had me . These small , vital , and unexplained touches let the viewer understand that there 's more -- much more -- behind the scenes than is explained . I love that . I love the lack of explanatory exposition , such a terrible plague in modern movies that cater to the lowest common denominator . This movie instead assumes that the viewer is reasonably educated and at least casually familiar with Catholic Christian history and various flavors of the occult.Admittedly , Keanu Reeves does have a bit of a struggle with certain dialogue . And the romance angle -- though thankfully unconsumated -- is not believable.But the visuals are awe-inspiring . The bar , the angels , the demons , the depiction of Hell ... my god , this movie delivers the goods.Constantine delivers pure joy for gamer geeks , comic book guys , and anyone fascinated by a non-metaphorical interpretation of the Bible . If you 're looking for brainless zombie slaughter look elsewhere.Reminds me of
 I thought this movie was entertaining and fun to watch . As for all the blasphemy complaints . Hello , people ! Demons are made up , so taking liberty with terminology like `` half-breed '' is a non-issue . I , personally , was very happy with their good vs. evil-as-game theory . Cool .
 CONSTANTINE follows one story of many in the life of John Constantine -LRB- played by Keanu Reeves -RRB- , an addicted smoker who once tried to took committed suicide as a boy , but was miraculously brought back to life . Since that time he has been able to see the spiritual world manifested in our world wherever he goes . He sees both the forces of good & evil for what they are . However , since he committed the mortal sin of suicide , Constantine is not allowed to enter Heaven . Trying to pay his way to salvation through works , Constantine sets forth on a battle against the demons & other forces of evil to save and rescue as many souls from the clutches of Hell as possible . Along the way , he sends as many half-breed demons as he can back to Hell . Constantine has become so good at doing what he does that they say his is one of only a handful of souls that Satan himself will come to collect when he dies.Anyway , towards the beginning of the movie Constantine performs an exorcism in which a full-fledged warrior demon was attempted to cross over from the spiritual world into our world . This is n't supposed to happen and signals a shift in the balance between good & evil . Constantine knows something big is happening , but he just does n't know what . It takes him a couple trips to Hell and back and meeting up with a psychic cop to piece the puzzle together and then it 's up to Constantine and company to save the world before all Hell breaks loose.CONSTANTINE is based upon the Hellblazer comics and since I 've never read the books I can not at this time comment on the accuracy between the books and the movie . What I can say is that despite the criticism Reeves constantly gets , he does a good job in this movie . For years he has been haunted by the BILL & TED persona , but thanks to a large part to the Matrix , Reeves has come into his own . It is possible that he might now be typecast as a sort of everyman-superhero/action figure , but he fits those roles perfectly.The special effects in the film are pretty amazing , especially the visits to Hell . The action is well-paced and , for an action/comic book movie , the development of the characters is well done.There are certain elements of the plot that are a bit confusing at first -LRB- orders of demons for instance or what 's the deal with water -RRB- . There are also some problems with the theology presented in the film . However , if one sits back with an open mind and allows the movie to work it 's magic one can be swept away in an adventure that is both entertaing and thoughtful .
 Do n't worry about what critcs say this is an excellent movie , the best movie I have seen in long time the story was excellent , the actng of Keanu Reeves and Rachel Weisz was Excellent as well.Must see movie .
 I 'm not sure why this movie is receiving such harsh reviews from certian sections of the public , I suspect its because we have recently been spoilt with some absolute blockbusters , not least of all the L.O.Rings series.Constantine is certainly no classic or in the L.O.R 's league , but I found it to be very entertaining & a well rounded effort just the same . I found the direction was good & the use of specialFX 's to be warranted & not just injected into the movie for the awe-factor . The acting , especially by Rachel Weisz was very convincing & I also thought Keanu did a fairly good job of driving the movie.The story in brief . John Constantine is a ` gifted ' individual who can see earth walking Demons/Angels where other mere mortals can not . He 's also a suicide survivor who sets out to atone for his sin -LRB- suicide -RRB- by sending these demons back to hell . He vigorously goes about this task believing that it will exonerate him & earn him his ticket to heaven . This is an exciting action/horror throughout , & very much like an ` Exorcist meets Matrix ' ... . but done so much better.Do yourself a favour & put aside a few hours to see Constantine . Its a good gritty effort that has the potential to become a cult classic . I have already seen this movie twice & cant wait to own the DVD .
 If you want a really scary horror flick , look elsewhere . If you like semi-scary stuff with a conceptualized Heaven/Hell `` Spiritual warfare '' theme and you do n't mind `` comic book movies '' then you should enjoy this.Reeves always gets his share of criticism for his acting or lack thereof , but he actually is n't bad in this - his character reminded me of the X-files ' Fox Mulder , except darker with more character flaws . But it fit his mumbling stoic delivery better than `` Neo '' from the Matrix . His relationship with the female lead , played well by Weisz , is also very reminiscent of a post-X-files Platonic relationship . Their characters experience multiple fated meetings as the story unfolds which are warm and humorous.Reeves character , John Constantine , is an exorcist who seems to hate evil more than he loves good . He has experienced hell and fights against it 's inhabitants , but he stubbornly rejects the self-sacrifice he knows he must make to attain paradise . Instead he embraces a suicidal lifestyle unbecoming of a true angel or saint . He becomes a boorish , grumpy chain-smoking `` hired-gun '' for the good guys rather than a virtuous , God-fearing hero . This is in part related by a very complex rendition of the Archangel Gabriel . He -LRB- or is it she ? -RRB- is shown as being over-zealous to reveal both divine mercy and divine judgement on the entire world and plays a part in the very well-constructed climax of the film which left me guessing until the very end.There 's some cheesy dialogue throughout and some incredible special effects that some may find to be over-blown . This movie is very much a fantasy of the comic-book variety and as such is not meant to be plausible ; again , those desirous of a more serious treatment of demon-possession should check out `` The Exorcism of Emily Rose . ''
 Constantine is based on the D.C. comics characters `` Hellblazer '' , i also dont know too much about the comics , so was gradingjust as a film and have to admit it rocked the house !!! Way to go Keanu , the cast and director . Constantine has somegreat special effects , the acting is particulary good fromeveryone from Reeves to Rachel Weisz.He plays a sort of witchcraft doctor who performs exorcismsand gets rid of demons . Suddenly , well I dont want to revealtoo much , but lets just say that this movie is worth the moneyto see it in the theater . So see `` Constantine '' !!!
 I was really looking forward to this in the weeks leading up to it 's release - I 'm happy to report that it exceeded my expectations in every aspect . Excellent work from all involved-great plot and Ideology throughout , not to mention some stunning visuals -LRB- especially towards the end -RRB- . Rossdale and Swinton were great - but it was Peter Stormare who stole the movie in the last ten minutes , as an eccentric , bats *** t crazy lucifer . I swear , this guy is my new favorite actor-brilliant work . A must see for all .
 THis is my first exposure to `` Hellblazer '' and I genuinely like it . I realize the film may not compare to the comic book , but I am judging the film alone . As far as I am concerned , the film was one of the sleepers of the year.John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- is an exorcist . His death from lung cancer is getting closer and closer to his soul and John 's guaranteed a `` Go to Hell and Do not Pass Go '' card when he dies because he attempted suicide when he was very young -- and actually died for a short time.Angela -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- is a cop who can pick a serial killer out of a crowd and shoot them . She sees things , though she denies it . When her twin sister died of suicide in a mental hospital , She believes some other evil forces were at play because her sister would never have done something like that.Angela learns about Constantine from a priest and goes seeking him for help . Though a cop , she does n't know about the daily struggle Constantine goes through to keep the balance between Good-and-Evil and the infestation of half-demons in the world.Demon activity is increasing in LA and it 's harder to kick those bad boys back to Hell . Turns out , a homeless man named Francisco has discovered the Spear of Destiny in a remote Mexican church and is under the Devil 's instructions to bring the spear to LA. . If Francisco makes it , Hell 's going to win the balance . As he gets closer to LA , things get even more dangerous . Constantine and Angela have to team up to fight the forces of evil.This is one rare instance where I liked the book , the movie , and the DVD . I am going to check out the original works this film came from -- because if I enjoyed the pale copy , I think I will seriously love the original .
 I 'm so sick of reading , `` But it 's not like the comicbook . In the comicbook ... '' That is n't valid criticism -- so what if it 's not like the book -- what point is being made here ? None.Anytime a story switches mediums , expect it to be different . Sometimes it 's slightly different , sometimes it 's drastic ; either way the new medium needs to be evaluated on its own ; not judged on how closely it mirrors its source.For some reason , comicbook nerds do n't seem capable of being that open minded . I 've read the Hellblazer comics , and I 've seen the Constantine movie , and I loved the movie -- I bought it the day it came out . I did not expect the movie to be the same as the comic -- I expected it to be an interpretation , and perhaps that 's why I enjoyed it more than some comic nerds . The movie is well done all around -- intriguing characters , an engaging plot , sharp directing and special effects , and solid action.If you want to see a dark fantasy movie about a guy hunting demons , and you 're willing to put any preconceptions of the Hellblazer graphic novels aside , you will most likely love the movie . If you still ca n't get over the fact that movies based on books are interpretations , perhaps you should start staying away from medium changes -LRB- including this one -RRB- and find something more productive to complain about .
 This is a movie with superb special effects , the visions of Hell are especially slick . This movie makes you think . I normally dont like movies that are based even loosely on religion , but this one crosses over into science fiction mixed with the religious theme and totally holds your interest through the whole film.Casting is very good , and this is a dvd that will look and sound great on a big tv with a good surround sound system in your house .
 dont listen to any of the moron 1 star posters , they all complain that this is not a scary horror movie . thing is , this movie is not a horror movie you twats . This is more of a theological-sci/fi movie . There was nothing in this movie that disturbed me much , it was a well done movie , based on a comic book.i really liked this movie , and felt like i had to review it once i saww the streak of 1 star reviews , that could very well be all the same person .
 i don ; t kno why they rated it so low . it is so a good movie . even my friend thinks so . keanu reeves played very good in this movie.im gon na buy it when it comes out . i keep talking about this movie to my friends.the movie is not all that scary maybe at the beginnig when they show a girl possesed . thats like the only cary scene . i think u should buy this movie . i am .
 i hear everyone saying that this is stupid and not scary , well , its not supposed to be . this movie is more like a sci-fi matrix time and a damn good one at that .
 This film is a great action movie hands down . no arguments . But another great thing about it is that the story and plot are rich and thick . I love when films like these use religion correctly to create a good story line . I myself am a fan of the Exorcist movies and Religious movies like those are good dark scary fun .
 Lets be fair ! First of all
 How would you feel if the rest of your future career in Hollywood was to be bent on the outcome of one film ? You might have somewhat of a clue as to what Keanu Reeves might be feeling with his new action-thriller Constantine right now . Though he rose to superstardom with the lead role in the cult-classic film The Matrix in 1999 , his other films since then have not been such sensational blockbusters , let alone cult classics . And even the two sequels to the famous science-fiction thriller were deemed disappointments , the last entry in the franchise not even garnering close to the box office receipts of the original years earlier , and that was before inflation . Should this chalk up another disappointment for ` Neo ' , this could spell the end to his career , at least as far as action-thrillers go.The story centers on a man exorcising half-bred demons from the world in order to garner redemption from God to gain entry into Heaven . As a young man , John Constantine came to see things that no living human should ever be forced to see , half-bred demons and angels disguised as average earthly citizens influencing the actions and decisions of various human beings as part of a vast bet enraging between God and the Devil for the souls of all mankind . Sadly his parents only made the terrifying situation even worse for him when they had him admitted to a mental institution where he was given shock therapy and other sorts of cruel ` treatments ' in order to cure him of his disease . Ultimately John , not wanting to live with his ` curse ' any longer , commits suicide but is brought back to life against his will . In spite of the fact that he now has a new lease on life , John knows full well that no matter how he goes out he is going to end up in Hell for throwing away God 's greatest gift to humanity , life itself , unless he finds some way to redeem himself and regain entry into Heaven . He decides to use his ` gift ' from God to engage half-bred demons and send them back to Hell where they belong , but because he does this only in his own self-interest , God has yet to grant him his ` retirement ' and he is quickly running out of time . Thanks to his avid chain-smoking habits since he was fifteen years old , his lungs are riddled with cancer and every day he coughs up blood , a reminder then his time is running out fast . Along comes Angela Dodson , a police detective investigating the supposed suicide of her twin sister , Isabel , at a mental institution where she had been committed , but she suspects that there might be something else behind her mysterious death . Seeking help from the loner Constantine , Angela becomes embroiled in a conflict as ancient as time itself , a war waged between Good and Evil for ultimate control of the fate of mankind.The story for Constantine is meant merely as a piece of pure entertainment , in the footsteps of The Da Vinci Code , and should not be taken for theological gospel by any sense of the word . But the film does have its fair share of sensitive , contemplative issues such as suicide , salvation , damnation , Heaven , Hell , God , Satan , Good and Evil which are all addressed quite profoundly in the script , though not at the level of which influence toward a particular side is projected onto its audience . Constantine confidently acts as a film in which the ideas are placed in the back of your mind but are given enough space in which you are allowed to still make your own decisions on the issue . Though in the end this should be nothing more then a piece of worthy escapism with no serious religious substance to its storyline other then the basic principle assumptions of characters and items mentioned in its run , the feature 's more significant moments are worth contemplating , be it on a much higher level of thinking.Keanu Reeves is perfectly cast as John Constantine , one of the most unlikable comic-book superheroes you are ever going to come across , either on paper or on the silver screen . Constantine is coarse , cynical , sulky , standoffish , a chain-smoker , and reckless but , then again , how would you be if you knew that you were dying and ultimately going to end up to the place you had sent hundred of half-bred demons back down to , Hell . This is a picture of a man who has luck working against him in every conceivable way possible . He has always been alone in the world , not purely out of necessity but possibly for the fact that in the end he knows that this is going to be the path he alone must walk , but still being human he desires companionship . Rachel Weisz in a way pulls double-duty in the role of Angela Dodson , the police detective investigating the death of her twin sister , not surprisingly also played by Weisz , who she claims was not suicidal , though to be quite honest there is not much to the role of the dead twin who , conventionally , acts as a dead person should - limp and lifeless . Weisz works well in the role of a woman who is seriously conflicted , with both guilt and distress , over the death of her sister and the prospects of allowing to have had her committed to a mental institution for claiming to have witnessed images of half-bred angels and demons which she could also see but lied about in order to escape the same fate of incarceration . She desperately desires to make it up to her estranged twin sister but how does one save their sibling from an eternity of damnation in the fiery pits of Hell ? Shia LaBeouf , who is coming along quite nicely as an effective performer in Hollywood , brings some much needed lighthearted moments to the rather bleak presentation in the role of Chas Chandler , Constantine 's demon-slayer in training . Yes , Chandler 's exit near the finale does seem to short change the audience who had built up so much hope and aspiration for this Constantine-in-training but , as is abundantly clear in the real world , life is not always as fair as we think it should be with terrible events befalling the righteous all too suddenly . It acts as a reminder of the cruel justice of life.It was actually quite clever , at least in terms of theological thinking , the way in which Tilda Swinton 's take on the role of the Archangel Gabriel was presented , both in her presentation onscreen and in the way the character 's actions are integrated into various parts of the script . The filmmakers , clearly not wanting to take sides on the debate of whether God or Heaven in general is a patriarchal or matriarchal in nature , give Gabriel a feminine-like quality , which is not all that uncommon with romanticized angels , while at the same time dressing him/her up in masculine business suits . It was also quite profound in the way Gabriel is dealt with near the end of the film . Though he/she has nothing but good intentions for releasing the son of Satan in order to bring about eternal salvation for mankind , one can never forget that the road to Hell is paved with good intentions . Peter Stormare , best known for his appearance in such Michael Bay/Jerry Bruckheimer productions as Bad Boys II and Armageddon , enacts Satan just as you might picture him if he were based in the realm of the real world , which is that of the ultimate incarnation of evil but with a twisted comical sense of humor . The scene in which John Constantine calls upon Satan to prevent the end of the world is an intriguing piece of dialogue , probably having more to do with the way Stormare presents the character then anything else . Constantine , with every last ounce of strength he has in him , plays the fallen angel to the best of his weakness , his jealousy of the Lord and Heaven , to prevent Gabriel from unleashing his son , delivering mankind into eternal salvation and thereby losing the bet.Overall , Constantine will sadly leave those in search of arcane theological dissipation within the same context as The Passion of the Christ only relatively despondent but in part to its sophisticated blurring of the lines between theistic principles and Da Vinci Code embellishment to entertain even the least spiritual amongst us . In the long there are honestly only a scant few glitches located within the action-thriller that ultimately prevent it from achieving a higher status then it conveys to its audience but noticeable enough to be noted here . First off , how in God 's name -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- did the ` Spear of Destiny ' wind up in Mexico City draped in a Nazi flag ? In these kinds of situations it is perhaps better not to ask such detailed inquiries ; it only ruins the effect , as The Da Vinci Code can attest to . Secondly , there were particular sequences and/or effects that failed to register any sense of logic or consistency to their inclusion and therefore would have been better off left on the cutting room floor . Take for example the scene in which Constantine upon leaving the gas station is attacked by a man , or whatever he was , made up entirely of insects and vermin . What was the exact point of this scene ? And lastly , the lack of consonance within the rules of ` the balance ' as well as the theological elements on which the film 's script bases itself upon , though not entirely damaging , does the hinder the audience 's deep-seeded spiritual involvement in the premise as some would have wanted . On the other hand though , the special effects are positively sensational , especially concerning the filmmakers ' interpretation of both Hell and Heaven as dark and light versions of our lives on Earth . Seriously , do not go into this film believing that you are about to receive the holy word of God himself or be shown down the path of true righteousness because that is not Constantine 's purpose . It is meant as a little piece of escapism , of which it performs remarkably well as . There are some real issues dealt within this film 's script but if you are truly searching for answers , or at least your investigative opinion on these thoughts , please visit church officials , such as the ones at your local parish , and discuss them in detail there without relying too heavily on this film for anything more then entertainment .
 I went to this movie with my mom and sister . I thought that the movie was pulled off wonderfully by all of the characters . I think that the person that had to work the hardest was Keanu Reeves playing John Constantine . I think that it is quite hard to play en exorcist that has come back from Hell , but he still sounded just like he was John Constatine and not Keanu Reeves.I like their vision of Hell . It was unique . Most people think of Hell as a flaming abyss . In the movie it looked like Earth gone bad . I also like the transitions between Earth and Hell.All of the actors did good jobs , like the halfing Angel Gabriel who performed her part very very well . I liked Shia LaBeouf as Chaz Kramer as Constantine 's helper . Papa Midnight , the witch doctor was desperately trying to be neutral and the actor did a good job . Rachel Weisz as the cop and the cop 's twin sister was good too.The story was a little far-fetched but they made it seem real . The special effects were very subtle making the story seem more believable . I liked the end to the movie . The hidden ending gave it a peek-a-boo feel and changed how you looked at parts of the movie . Too bad there is n't a 10 stars option . ********** out of *****
 ` Constantine ' is based on the D.C. / Vertigo title ` Hellblazer ' , which is excellent . Rather than compare the two , I 'll just rate it as a movie
 Dreadfully flawed and with a muddled story line , `` Constantine '' is nevertheless worth watching , for its occasional profound and intense beauty , and its visions of hell and its denizens , which anyone who believes that forces of evil exist and influence our world will find fascinating . Loosely based on characters from the Hellblazer comics , the script is very interesting in parts , but the audio is abysmal . The dialog sounds as if it is coming from an underwater tunnel , and I had to watch the film with subtitles . Also , this is a film that begs to be seen several times , to make some sense of the muddle.The cast is excellent , and I have always been partial to Keanu Reeves , who as John Constantine , a man dying of lung cancer , who can see , and has walked beyond this dimension , is very good in his own peculiar way . I ca n't imagine anyone else of his generation playing the part . As he says of the cat in the film , he 's `` half in , half out , '' and Reeves also has that quality , of being in the world , but not quite of it . Rachel Weisz , who teamed with Reeves in the far less interesting 1996 `` Chain Reaction , '' is both Angela , a Los Angeles detective , and her twin sister Isabel . She looks gorgeous , and gives a sensitive , lovely performance . Others in the cast that stand out are Tilda Swinton as Gabriel , and Shia LaBeouf , as Chas , Constantine 's eager apprentice.This is the feature directorial debut of Francis Lawrence , who has previously done music videos , and he certainly has an eye for bizarre imagery . The cinematography by Philippe Rousselot is terrific , and much of what is worthwhile in this film is due to him . It is hard to rate this film , as it is , like the battle of good and evil in the story , a mixture of opposites . Total running time is 121 minutes , it is rated R for `` violence and demonic images , '' but is comparatively mild in language and has no in-between the sheets action . The DVD extra is 18 minutes of deleted scenes .
 I do n't see how people can be so hard on this , sure Keanu isnt an amazing actor , but I think he actually did pretty well . I think this is better than most other comic book movies -LSB- spiderman 1 & 2 , league of extraordinary gentleman , Hellboy , Hulk , etc. -RSB- Sure its not as devoted to being like the comics as Sin City -LSB- which is frame for frame straight out of the comic -RSB- but I think it 's better that way . Do n't get me wrong , Hellblazer was a great comic , but I think the darker version of John Constantine is more entertaining . I geuss I only have two problems with this :1 . although this is a good adaptation , I wish they had kept more of the political and religous satire that made the comics so great .2 . They never really explained what that guy in Mexico was doing when he found the spear of destiny , that really bugged me.other than that I really enjoyed this , and I think as long as you go in without expecting every line to pulled from one of the comics , you 'll probably like it too .
 Having never read the HELLBLAZER comic book I ca n't say whether the film is true to the source material on or not . But as a stand alone action/horror film , I highly recommend this movie to fans of both genres . Highly imaginative with spectacular visuals and an actual plot I ca n't understand anyone that trashes it . So what if Keaunu does n't have blond hair in the film ? He comes off like a Dirty Harry of the spirit world.Religious themes abound and I could actually see religious people getting into this film . Though Constantine comes off as morally ambivalent he does care that he can not get into Heaven and is deathly afraid of eternal damnation in Hell . I was so happy to see there was absolutely no sex-ploitation or potty humor.In the final showdown between Lucifer and Constantine I was thoroughly amused by the character of Lucifer . There was a great use of humor and sarcasm throughout . In spite of what some critics say , I thought the plot was easy to follow and the visual effects were stunning . Keanu 's performance has been described as `` wooden '' and `` cardboard '' but I thought he was dead on for this role , and I do n't consider myself a big fan of his work.The film 's comic book origins were easy spot and used magnificently . Give this one a shot . It 's a winner .
 I have no familiarity whatsoever with the graphic novel upon which this film is based , so I can only address the film in and of itself . And I must say that I rather enjoyed it for the most part . Anything with angels and demons always interests me , and this film put a quirky spin on the agents of God and Lucifer . Since John Constantine seems to be a pretty tight-lipped fellow who does n't reveal much of himself to anyone , Keanu Reeves seems like a pretty good pick to play the part - there 's not too much acting required for this one.So what 's this all about ? Well , John Constantine has this gift -LRB- or curse -RRB- to see and interact with creatures from both heaven and hell ; he 's already been to hell and back once - literally - and therein lies his biggest problem . Since he did commit suicide , he 's not eligible for a ticket to heaven later on - and this second life he was given is hurtling toward an impending end thanks to all those cigarettes he 's chain-smoked for years . He 's content to go his own moping way , dealing with particularly difficult exorcisms when called upon and generally just bemoaning his awful fate . Then a female cop -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- shows up asking for his help ; her sister supposedly committed suicide , but she does n't believe it . Both Rachel and her sister were pretty special , for they could also see the things Constantine sees -LRB- although it takes some rather intense training for Constantine to reawaken those abilities in his new , temporary partner -RRB- . It soon seems obvious that something big is going down . More and more demons are trying to cross into our world , violating a big treaty between God and Lucifer -LRB- who would have thought that demons could n't be trusted ? -RRB- , and that just does n't bode well for anybody . Before you know it , special effects are coming at you left and right , and the birth of the Antichrist is almost at hand.Now , you 're probably thinking that old Mr. Pitchfork himself is behind the whole Antichrist thing - but that ai n't necessarily so . The movie manages to throw in a couple of small surprises toward the end -LRB- although it certainly breaks no new ground in showing Lucifer as a really stupid being -RRB- . I really hated the characterization of the angel Gabriel , though . First off , I just do n't see Gabriel as a woman , but more importantly , this Gabriel comes across as a far from superior being . This is n't the first time we 've seen a Gabriel who hated and conspired against humans -LRB- out of jealousy -RRB- , but Constantine 's Gabriel is a far cry from a similar archangel in , for example , The Prophecy.The plot of this movie is n't all that bad , but it could have been told much more effectively . If you 're not into this kind of weird subject matter , you may look upon the story as little more than an excuse to throw some impressive special effects together . I 'm giving Constantine a somewhat tentative four stars , but I 'm sure there are a good many people who wo n't enjoy the film very much at all .
 This movie is original , entertaining , funny , well directed and acted . The action sequences are excellent , the comedy is sly and witty , the characters are memorable , the story is well crafted , usually movies that do n't stay completly true to the original material are n't that good , this movie is the complete opposite . 5 stars , hopefully the sequel wo n't dissappoint
 Francis Lawrence 's apocaliptic thriller constatine is one of the best movies i have seen in months it has great charecter devlopment a very imagnitive storyline well acted by keanu reeves and rachel weisz as the main actors definatly worth watching
 The movie which has been overly criticized to much delivers all the the things that a good moive has . The theological movie brings action , love and a little sci-fi to the table with the classic good vs. evil genre . Keanu Reeves plays John Constatine a chronicaly depressed over smoker . John who wish is to go to heaven but after attepted scuicde he already to late . So he trys to buy his way into heaven by sending excorcized demons back to hell . After a brief talk with the angel Gabrielle he finds that this would n't work so he goes deeper into dispare . Along the way he meets a cop who twin sister has commited suicide played by Rachel Weize . As she follows him through all the madness of his work she soon finds that guns will not get rid of evil but only faith can . As the plot thickens johns preiest freind dies by the hands of a demon half-breed and john grows ever wearry of his task . The movie action and special effects are awesome . Near the end john must sacrifice himself to save weize and its then when lucifer comes to collect his soul but as the scriptures say slef sacrifice earns you into heaven but lucifer will not let this happen so he keeps john on earth by removing the cancer that was ticcking john closer to death . In my opinion this was the best movie of the year and Im sorry if the die-hard fans of hellraiser didnt like the movie but get over it some things need change to be better . All in all i wish they would have a ten star system but even then i would try 11 .
 It gets harder and harder to find movies of this magnitude in the heap of modern movie reels . Honestly , folks , each time I go to see a new movie that promises me a totally new experience , I tremble all over because I 'm really afraid to be disappointed.But my fears this time were in vain . The first minutes of the movie made me believe that this time I 'm up for a great experience ! And not a single frame of the film made me change my mind even for a second.Some say that this actual idea that all the world is at a war has been already used . So what ? The potential of this kind of plots , just like the luck of the Irish , will never run out ! And when you see the way the movie is done , you are sure destined to compare every other similar movie to this one!Everything in this feature is almost flawless . Every aspect from casting and costume design to special effects is done with such confident skill that you find yourself literally dissolving in the movie 's atmosphere . It 's just so believable it 's nearly impossible , if you know what I mean.Furthermore , I guess , the real success of the movie is that if you do n't know it 's based on a comic series , you 'll have absolutely no idea that it 's so . This work takes the story on an entirely new level , where even those who have never seen a comic book can appreciate the really fine idea brought to us by the really talented crew .
 This came with a graphic novel and a Bonus features disc ! I did n't know it came with the graphic novel too , so that was a fun surprise . I bought the dvd when it was first released to watch how things were done and there was absolutely nothing on it . What a waste that was although I did watch the movie a million times . This set is awesome because it provides everything that I wanted the first time I went out and bought the dvd . I have n't even finished watching all of the bonus stuff , so that will be nothing but fun when I get to . Watching how they made the part in the beginning when the car hits the guy was friggin ' awesome !!!!! Plus , I adore Peter Stormaire , Tilda Swinton , and Rachel Weisz . If you like knowing the making of stuff and graphic novels , then get this version of the dvd .
 I enjoy this movie whether it is on TV or the DVD . Whenever on TV , I always stop to watch it for whatever reason . Think I have seen this movie well over 50 + times I just enjoy it . Amazon delivered this movie and others ifaster than expected .
 Great story line ... love the ending ... when Constantine was face to face with Lou ... it always gives me the creeps till this very day .
 Some wear and tear on the case , but other than that the DVD itself works great , thanks so much : -RRB-
 I base my review on how much I enjoy the movie , not what critics think . I loved it ! Great effects , griping story line and not like a million other movies out there .
 Pretty good movie . At the beginning it was hard to get Amazon connection but then it started playing at good pace . I will recommend the movie , it is awesome !
 The item was shipped very quickly , had no visual defects in packaging or on the Blu-ray itself and played well .
 all I can say is WOW what a movie , Keanu is quite an actor . The plot is outstanding and the movie in whole is a A + + + + +
 This HD DVD does not work on any other type of dvd player that an HD DVD PLAYER . I ca n't wait to see the whole movie for a change , I 've seen most of it at different times and have always wanted to see the complete movie , it just arrived and I can finally watch it , from what I 've seen and heard I 'm missing out so I got ta go now to put it in the player . Thanks Much . : -RRB- I ordered it ... I got it ... I like Constantine and UStrade got it to me , happy camper .
 this is what movies are all about , to Be enjoy ... a great movie , of suspence based on a greata comic book , for the ones who said the movie sucked , STAY HOME AND READ A BOOK !! dont go out Its bad for you.Peace .
 You know , when I first saw this movie I was kind of like , `` Ahh , it was okay . '' Since then it 's grown on me . I 'm not gon na tell you it 's the best movie I 've ever seen now but it 's pretty cool when it 's not too talky . I grew to like the characters introduced and I 'm thinking that I 'd like to see a sequel . I do n't hate Keanu Reeves like so many others so I 'd actually like to see him reprise the role again.That being said , Constantine now has the distinction of being the first HD-DVD I 've purchased and I 'm just here to say that this is a sweet little disc . The picture is extraordinary to say the least . It looks so good that it makes the scenes with shoddy special effects look ... . well , shoddy.The sound is immaculate and the fact that you can access a wealth of special features as the film is playing just makes this whole new format awesome . Fans of the film will really appreciate this and I think even the casual fan would be impressed by this disc . I love the fact that you can go over the menus while the film is playing plus the fact that you can save your favorite scenes.So , while there are n't too many titles to choose from on HD-DVD as of yet , this one is worth the purchase . I think it makes a nice demo disc for your home theater and besides , I can think of far worse titles you can start off your HD-DVD collection with . Recommended !
 This movie is the best comic-book movie I ever saw . I have to say this was Keanu Reeves 's best preformance ever in a movie . Who ever has been saying that this is a bad movie or that the acitng or script sucks has probably never read the Hellblazer comics or graphic novels . This is truly a work of genius and I 'm glad to have purchased it . After watching the Special Features disc , I admire Francis Lawrence for his work in Constantine . Whoever says otherwise does not admire the work directors put in movies.Thank You
 I was surprised that overall vote gave Constantine only two and a half stars which I think this movie does not deserve , because it 's worthy of more.Keanu Reeves , who plays the main role in the movie , is fit well for the role of Constantine , and plays very profesionally.The whole idea of the movie , is is based on the thought of angels and daemons , the God and the Devil . Constantine appears in this movie to be the one sending the deamons back to hell , therefore repaying all his sins with God , so that he can go to Heaven in his afterlife.He helps a girl find out the truth behind her sister 's supposed sucide , which everyone but her believes that she comitted.The special effects in the movie , which are included in scenes where Constatine confronts these half-bloods are very good . The camera work in the movie is done very well.The plot of `` Constantine '' has lots of mystery and dark themes . If you wish to omit that , than this movie is not for you . However , if you support the idea and the religious beliefs of the director , I would recommend this movie to you.Thanks , mirage
 This movie really suprised me . Granted i never read the source material but im happy i didnt because i really enjoyed this an occult noir movie remind me of `` Angel Heart . '' The cinematography was beautiful and the effects were extremely well done . There was also a large variety of colorful character . And who doesnt love religious mumbo jumbo .
 I 'll admit
 I was a little disappointed the item was lost in the mail but as soon as I contacted the company they sent a replacement & I received it in less then 48hrs
 I enjoyed Constantine quite a bit.It has a good storyline as the Spear of Longinus/Destiny is a topic of considerable interest for history lovers such as myself.The graphics and effects were good , altho I 'm not a fan of CGI FX.The acting and cast are a nice touch . I think they performed well.It 's worth the asking price and one of those movies you might wan na watch more than once.I 'd buy it again .4 *
 Constantine is n't Citizen Kane , but then few movies are . I 've heard it compared unfavorably to The Exorcist , but heretically I must disagree . The Exorcist has always seemed more funny than scary , OR believeable , and this just gets worse as the years go by . -LRB- The scariest bit of the Exorcist was over by minute 10 in the movie -RRB- . Perhaps it makes a difference if you 're a Catholic instead of a Prod.ANYWAY , this movie is NOT muddled , it sounds just fine on a normal TV , -LRB- ca n't comment upon home theater -RRB- , is not a great copy of the comic books , but frankly that is an improvement in my view . That being said this was a pretyy darn good supernatural action-type thriller . The theology was not so bad -LRB- aside from mixing up verse references in the Bible
 I hear a lot of negative remarks about the movie but I 've never let them stop me from enjoying the fun of the film . Regardless of how much the film may stray away from the original comic book source material , Constantine is an interesting take on the concept of heaven versus hell . For a first-time director , I have to give some credit for what he was able to pull off and I think the special features give audiences a better understanding of him and his intent.As for as the blu-ray features , there 's a hefty amount of filmmaking information that will keep movie fans busy for at least an hour , watching in-depth explanations of how the director approached the design of the film and it 's special effects gags .
 very good movie , must have on blu ray . although mine was skipping on my ps3 for some reason . amazon was excellent in their customer service replacing the order .
 Great film for both comics and films fans . Marvellous Blu-Ray edition ! I strongly suggest for friday night session -LSB- and a cigar , in case you smoke ! -RSB-
 Never get sick of this movie , it keeps my attention the whole time and will forever be a favorite . Love it
 but i have a question . Is this two discs deluxe edition come with the special comic book advertised behind the package ? Because i want to buy it but i do n't want to experience the same desappointment that i had with the Batman Begins deluxe edition which only came with the keepcase and nothing more . Please someone who bought this Constantine dvd recently could tell me if it comes with the comic ? Please !!!
 ... what the heck , why ca n't I at least sort of like this movie?The first time that I saw it -LRB- yep , bought it before I saw it -RRB- I was n't so sure . I think in part because I did n't have the volume turned up very loud , and I missed a lot of what was being said . Also , I 've never read the comic book -LRB- s ? -RRB- that the movie is based off of , which made me even more confused . This past time that I watched it I turned on the closed caption so that I would n't miss anything , and that helped out quite a bit.As other reviewers have noted , the storyline is simple enough
 Based on the long running Hellblazer comic series from DC/Vertigo , Constantine is an underrated big budget smash . Keanu Reeves , of all people , is cast as John Constantine
 Differences are numerous , and it is easy to understand why so many fans dislike the film for it utilizes the name of the character and genre of the original in an almost mere brand-licensing approach to get the money from the fans while the fans experience an adaption of the original , if at all , that eternally evades any proximity -LRB- except the part where K flipped the bird to Satan -RRB- . And if the value of a work is solely based on its proximity to an original concept , work , signified etc , I would give the film one star and period . Nonetheless , while the marketting strategy is almost a scam in this case , I find it hard to say that the film is not worth watching in itself . Great F/X , nice rendition of the worlds , clear plot , above average performance -LRB- this includes Keanu -RRB- , and a few very suitable dialogues some might consider poorly written . But , then again , I do think that this is a work that has the potential to become a great one were it not an action thriller and if it gave more emphasis on characters.I want to give it a 3.5 , but did n't see the option .
 If you liked the Prophecy films with Christopher Walken -- you 'll probably enjoy Constantine . Do n't look for religious mysteries revealed -LRB- as some people seem to be doing -RRB- -- just suspend your disbelief and hang on for a ride .
 Taken from the ` Hellblazer ' comic book series , `` Constantine '' is a horrific , sickening , fun , campy , gore fest . Keanu Reeves plays his regular wooden self helping Rachel Weisz try to save the hell-bound fate of her twin sister who committed suicide . He has special powers to rid demons from earth and spends most of his time walking through the movie coughing up the results of years of smoking . The story is simply Reeves trying to balance good and evil between God and Satan on earth . He seeks out those old good-evil , angel-devil half breeds . Some of his encounters are digitally amazing . The story is mildly entertaining , but the effects are truly inspiring , if not nauseatingly inventive . Reeves makes frequent trips to hell and the scenery is spectacular . Tilda Swinton also makes a cameo as angel Gabriel who tells Reeves that basically , he is f *** ed ! It 's half funny and half scary . It is not a pleasant movie , but is nothing short of pure entertainment . Not for young kids by any measure !
 This is an amazing film . The graphics on this film were exquisite . It just goes to show that Keanu Reeves can play any part . He is a exorcist that is trying to buy his way into heaven by casting demons back into the hell from which they came . There is only one outcome to this breath taking plot . Will he get in or will he get rejected ? You have to see it to believe .
 The Film Constantine , directed by Francis Lawrence , written by Kevin Brodbin and staring Keanu Reeves has only been out a short while and already has garnered enough acclaim to rank itself as a modern classic . The exciting , action loaded film follows the continuing saga of dark soul John Constantine , demon hunter . Punished by God to wonder the streets of Earth , for an attempted suicide , he now must ` earn ' his way back into the grace of the almighty . To do this , he must hunt down and ` excorcise ' every sort of demonic beast that plague 's mankind . Aiding him are a host of penitent souls who have sinned and wish to redeem themselves . To make matters worse , is the Archangel Gabriel who wants to step up the ` final ' conflict and match powers with Lucifer himself . Caught in-between their cosmic battle is Constantine , who must atone for his sin with self-sacrifice and brute power over the army of the dammed . Extremely good film and exciting from beginning to end . ****
 I had seen commercials for the movie Constantine on Tv ad they looked interesting so I rented the movie from my local Blockbuster . Overall I would say the movie was interesting and entertaining . I thought the scenes of Hell looked pretty cool along with those hell-creatures . I also like the gun that Constatine uses . I have never read the comics that this book is based on so I ca n't really judge the movie on them but I still do n't understand why there are so many bad reviews for this movie . It kept me entertained and that is what I want most from a movie even if it is n't 100 % loyal to the book or comica that it was based on .
 I found Constantine to be thrilling , dark , passionate and just an all around entertaining film . I noticed in the reviews that as per usual with Mr. Reeves the women like him and the men hate him . Personally I have found that a guy 's opinion of him is directly linked to whether or not their wife and or girlfriend likes him . Guys , guys get over it ! The film is great !!!
 As far as I 'm concerned you are just unhappy folks with nothing better to do but slam a movie . Write a critique , not a slam . Sheesh , if it was that bad for you why even write about it ? Sure it was n't `` perfect '' but what movie is ? Just give some decent critque of the movie with some good and bad . Why even see something and then go on and on about how much you hate it ? Move on . There surely has to be something out there you like . And quit dissing on Keanu . If you think he ca n't act , then stop watching his movies if you will continuously be disappointed . I just do n't understand people running around trying to find something to bitch about.But to just call something `` stupid '' and then go rambling on about how bad it was , why not instead ignore the movie and go and talk about some movies that you did like and recommend them ? I swear , such negativity . I loved this movie and I 've been waiting to order it . So , stupid or no , there are plenty of movies I have n't liked , but I do n't go blasting them . ?? If it is n't constructive comments , but just out and out anger about a movie , seems to me there are bigger issues at hand . Anger management maybe needed for these types of individuals.If you do n't like it , fine , but for pete 's sake , go take a happy pill and watch something you do like.It 's all good , dude . There is n't a shortage of movies out there or anything. : - -RRB- To each his/her own . Constantine was a creative , well acted piece of entertainment that was refreshing to view in this era of slap-happy campy remakes . It was nicely done , a breath of fresh air . Reeves and Weisz , as well as the entire cast and crew put their all into this and for it to just be slammed out of hateful spiteful comments , that 's just unecessary . I say again , go find something you do like , or be more respectful in criticizing something you do n't . These whole movie review things have turned into slam fests and attacks on the creators behind the movie and I do n't think that is entirely fair . It takes much work and effort to put a movie together . I 've seen some movies I have absolutely hated but I do n't go slamming everyone involved in them because you know , I could n't do any better . Just be fair , sheesh . No movie is perfect , but just because there is so much negativity here lately , I 'm five starring it.Peace out
 Okay , this is for all the fanboys out there
 People dislike this movie because they do n't get it . `` Constantine '' is not a horror film . To the contrary
 Everyone knows the plot , but some maybe unaware of just how incredible the HD-DVD disc looks and sounds . The bar has been raised and a standard has been established . This IS the best HD-DVD transfer thus far . When displayed over a 1080p television , I dare you to find a flaw in the transfer . Warner Bros. has truly given CONSTANTINE a pristine transfer and a Dobly TrueHD audio soundtrack to boot ! I highly recommend this disc for anyone looking for a reference disc for their collection . CONSTANTINE is perfect 5-star rating !
 Concerning the HD DVD Version.It ' does n't look any better than the regular dvd so unless the extras are worth it to you i would n't bother spending extra.Pretty disappointed .
 Seems reviewers are picking on Francis Lawrence , blaming him for the flaws , -LRB- and in my opinion , this film has none -RRB- , of Constantine . But for a high octaine action/horror flick like this , Francis Lawrence did extreamly well . Not only did he have a good eye for the visuals , -LRB- Hell as a twisted mirror image of our own world , brilliant -RRB- , but he even got a great performance out of Bush lead singer Gavin Rosdale . Francis Lawrence also did a good job holding onto the intricate plot , letting loose the surprises at just the right times.In the end , if this film has an fault at all , it 's that it was released a few years too late . With Keanu Reeves in the lead , and filled to the brim with computer generated effects , it 's inevitable that Constantine will be compared to The Matrix , all though I believe Constantine , and I know I 'm in the minority here , is better .
 I liked the movie which was based on the comic book Hellblazer . The DVD Special features I enjoyed very much . It gave a more in depth look at the translation from comic to film . I was really impressed as to how the special effects artists were able to create the hell demons . The comic book is very good added bonus .
 Interesting story with many well acted parts . The pacing is energetic and the special effects are quite good -LRB- taken in context of the times -RRB- .
 I do n't know why more opeople did n't pick up this movie . I enjoyed the movie . I think Rachel and Keanu did a great job , and So did Gabriel . This product was ordered by amazon , an it came in a group of 3 , quickly and it was received in great shape .
 This movie requires more than the usual amount of `` willing suspension of disbelief '' . There are some plot holes and irrational premises that , if you think too much about them , could mar your enjoyment of the movie . On the other hand , you 're already watching a movie that talks about demonic possession , angels and demons involving themselves in human activities , and a sort of cat-and-mouse battle between Heaven and Hell . Glossing over a few illogical bits should n't require too much more effort.The special effects are good . They showed some great imagination . In many scenes , there are startling and sometimes disturbing images and events . I found myself frequently bewildered by what was going on - though the questions were usually resolved later on in the film.I loved the various interesting characters - Constantine , the angel Gabriel , Balthazar -LRB- a half-demon -RRB- , Papa Midnight -LRB- former witch doctor -RRB- . They were often complex , multi-dimensional characters.The story line involves atrocious theology - wholly unlike any religious teachings - but it 's fun anyway.With its bizarre plot , creative special effects , weird characters , and imaginative evils , this is one of my favorite `` supernatural '' films .
 This movie was long and I had a hard time hearing some of the dialogue . The effects were amazing . The acting was ok , and the story was promising . There were many strokes of genius in the movie , but is not worthy of a 5th star .
 Not a bad movie , a bit confusing towards the end , very nicely done graphics , acting is good . The story line has some detective suspense effect in it , some horror and scary moments .
 This movie was great and I was n't disappointed in it at all . It 's definitely a different kind of movie so it 's refreshing . I bought it as a gift for my boyfriend and he loved it .
 i like the movie excellent quality video an audio . I like the latin spanish audio .
 I really like this movie . Thank you for selling it at a reasonable price . I 'm a student and I have a budget since I have such a limited option of finances . Thank you for being honest on selling it such a reasonable price .
 Purchased as a gift fot my hubby to add to his collection . Loved the movie .
 Ok so who can not love this movie !?? Well a few , but we loved it and that may have to do with the fact that we love Keanu Reeves . The HD DVD disc is really cool and the menus are sweet as well . Like another reviewer mentioned there was n't any sex scenes . Surprised at first but though maybe it was time that every movie does n't have gratuitous sex scenes . If you watch the extras you will see alternate endings which were cool . You also get to see a scene where their was supposed sex with the girl with the tail . You wo n't know she has a tail LOL until you see that deleted scene.Downside is that the extra scenes are in bad quality , seem that they came straight from the reel . Again , loved the plot and would love to see him reprise the role . Got ta love Gabriel and the Devil !
 Anyone watching this movie must accept it on its own merits apart from any prior expectations . For example , if you see `` Constantine '' with the expectation of Oscar-worthy performances , you are almost certainly going to be disappointed . `` Constantine '' is an entertaining and action-packed ride , and Keanu is a fitting lead actor for the part . The main source of John Constantine 's angst stems from a portion of Catholic doctrine that says that suicide is a mortal sin ; thus , he is doomed to hell . However , after committing suicide , he was allowed to come back and try to `` atone '' for his mortal sin in any way that he could . This backdrop should allow anyone watching `` Constantine '' to appreciate the depth of the plot while overlooking occasional bad acting . The special effects are great as well as believable , and the ending ties everything up nicely with a bow while at the same time leaving room for a sequel.The fifth star is for the fact that this movie is NOT a remake .
 I think people who diagnose a movie based on director , actor , and comparative story line need to get a life . ITS A MOVIE !!! It 's not based on real characters or events , exaggeration of life is expected when seeing a movie . This movie is based on a comic book , A COMIC BOOK , not real , does n't need to be real . The movie does not need to be compared to its previous counterpart , its a movie version so it will be different . To anyone reading the one star reviews , tell them to shut up , this is a good movie if you are open minded and enjoy relaxing in a place besides reality on any given evening . If your intelligent and enjoy entertainment , then see this movie , it is really good . Oh , do n't worry about the actors , after all they are only acting , right ?
 All those people who say that this movie is boring is probably part of the MTV generation with short attention spans . Most negative reviewers seem to have it in for Keanu Reeves and they do n't even list any specific points as to why they did n't like the movie . -LRB- One reviewer said that he did n't like the husky voice of female lead character , Rachael Weisz . Come on ! -RRB- Personally , I liked the surreal feel of the movie . The cinematography was excellent and cast of characters , Gabriel , Papa Midnight , etc. made it interesting.It was also thought provoking . For example Constantine tried to commit suicide as a teenager and was clinically dead for two minutes . In `` real life '' would it really count as suicide since he was revived?All in all this movie had great special effects , great scenery -LRB- Constantine 's apartment was awesome ! -RRB- and a fascinating subject matter . Watch the movie and come to your own conclusion !
 Lately , I have been at peace with just how lousy an actor Keanu Reeves is . Of late , I 've been able to watch movies of his with my opinion of his talent secure -- he will be awful , but since he 's not such a bad guy personally , I 'm not offended by the fact that he continues to get work -LRB- unlike such dweebs as Van Damme and Seagal , who are abominable at both acting and human being-ness -RRB- . I first came to this realization in _ Matrix Revolutions _ , aside from being awed by the innovation that occured with writing and directing for Reeves -- Neo spends almost the entire movie being unsure of the meaning behind most everything he says . Since this is Reeves when acting anyway , I found this to be a wonderful way to make his lack of skills work for a movie.And all this let me sit back and not be bothered by his efforts in this film . Granted , he has some ` tough guy ' moments that are purely laughable , but instead I was able to get into the story despite him , and there are some real intriguing turns to this . It would be tough to be particular about what impressed me about the storyline , for this would give away almost everything at the end , but I did like how the game between God and Lucifer for souls was played out here -- how there are rules , and how neither entity is allowed to interfere directly in the human game of choice and assignment of the soul , but despite that there are some interesting moves and moves within moves to make the last 20 minutes or so of these really worth watching.So , to sum up -- Keanu bad -LRB- acting wise -RRB- , story thoughtful , but you do have to sweat it out until the end to get to the really interesting stuff .
 John Constantine sees demons.He argues with them , dispatches them to hell , oh yes and occasionally even sleeps with them . He 's a man on a mystical mission armed to his nicotine stained teeth with gold crucifix guns , chattering fright beetles and enough holy water to float even the Vatican for a month . Despite his laudable focus on ridding our Earthly plane of the foul miscreants , Constantine is n't a very likeable guy . He 's not a noble priest exorcising a pea soup swilling teen of evil nor a sunny cheerleader who stakes Vampires . Constantine prowls the streets as a tortured , demon bedding , chain smoking rude guy who pretty much does n't care anymore , because he really should n't even be here . His supernatural gifts are firmly tied up with his secret past , and those decisions both haunt him and drive him forward all at the same time.Keanu Reeves is again the `` chosen one '' , and trades in his Matrix sunglasses and black trench coat for cigarettes and a black suit . Fans of his from the Matrix movies ca n't get away from the feel that this is Neo battling demonic forces instead of cybernetic ones . However , Reeves performance is meatier and more confident and the `` whoa '' factor of his Bill & Ted days is thankfully missing here . He may never win an Oscar , but he 's a decent enough actor and likable enough to get him over the rough spots . Rachel Weitz shines in a dual role and her depth as an actress is developing nicely . Art design and the visuals effects in this film are stunningly beautiful . When used judiciously and to serve the story , digital effects do n't have to make a film look like an expensive video game and Constantine 's visual FX crew should be praised . We 've seen glimpses of Heaven & Hell many times in movies and here they 've been reworked yet again and effectively so.Think of Constantine as a pumped up , action laden FX driven version of The Exorcist . This film undoubtedly will never attain that classic level , however the philosophical issues of good and evil and heaven and hell are played here with the right mixture of seriousness and entertainment to satisfy any horror fan who likes films dealing in matters of biblical proportions .
 Constantine is a man , gifted with supernatural skills ; he is able to look inside far beyond the quotidian ` s reality , allowing him to establish a direct link with secret forces , which has to deal with the same hell . Through a meticulous and descriptive script , we will notice his dramatis personae . His lifetime ; that vital clepsydra will make he makes a last redemption act . A puzzled thriller that combines and recreates some previous films such `` The exorcist '' or `` The demons '' , counts with a brilliant team of special effects , enigmatic photography and ravishing edition ; Rachel Weisz in her double role is marvelous and Keanu Reeves reminding us his role as `` Neo '' in Matrix makes an effective performance.After you watch this film you would have to reconsider the well known Aldous Huxley ` s essay `` The doors of perception . ''
 I saw Constantine in theatres with my friend Nick who -- as to no surprise to me -- hated it . I , on the other hand , loved it . When I first saw the previews , I went nuts . I am a major fan of all that goes bump in the night and love any kind of mythology involving fallen angels , devils , demons etc. . This movie had all of them . It was mostly Catholic thinking but I thought it worked . Otherwise , why else would Keanu 's character go around exorcising demons from little girls like he did in the opening scene . Of course , the special effects were extra nice , especially hell -- and I loved how Keanu got there . I thought it was very specific in the hows , whys , etc of the film and especially when it came to explaining why something was this way or that . I 've never read the comic book but I 'd like to . And those who are upset that the movie was n't like the comic book I 'd like to say
 This is something that does n't happen to often anymore in Hollywood , something new , something interesting , something great , things like this only happen once in awhile , but it happened with Constantine.First do n't listen to the people who are giving this really low scores , two reasons for this .1 . They do n't like Reeves , they are part of the he sucks no matter what he does , even if it 's good crowd , the ones for what ever reason must diss him , well doing so with this film proves their ignorance .2 . Religous folks ... now I 'm christian , yet I found nothing wrong with this movie , is everything based on what we know ? No . Does that mean we ca n't enjoy a very well made movie ... something which is n't real to begin with -LRB- movies that is -RRB- . No.This movie has GREAT acting in it -LRB- yes even from Reeves -RRB- , a great story , very good CGI and special effects ... it 's just a damn fine movie , a must see . Very original also .
 In many ways a relief from boring recycled spirit and demon flix . A solid plot and interesting character roles . Definitely worth a view .
 Sadly I missed out on the Hellblazer series by DC Comics under the Vertigo label when this film was first released . Based on these great graphic novels . Constantine is about a hard-smoking & drinking guy who is not just an exorcist , but a guy who can see the Other Side . In the film 's mythology , both heaven and hell are in place with Earth . Hell looks like L.A. during a nuclear holocaust . So what else is new?Anyway , the film does have its share of plotholes which I found distracting . These guys are scavenging around a junk yard in Mexico when a board breaks and a guy pulls out a knife wrapped in a Nazi flag and immediately becomes possessed by it . The Sword is explained later in the film but not the Nazi connection . How did it get there ? Did the Nazis use these artifacts?When our young possessed man walks , cattle fall dead at his feet which is a cool effect but not many others drop dead , just animals . Huh ? OK , I can live with that.Rachael Weisz is the police detective whose twin sister dies jumping off a building . I did note in these kinds of movies , glass breaking and lots of water ensue . Quite interesting how the director uses these ploys to try to evoke mood and mythology . At times it works , as with the green-eyed cat used by Constantine to check out Hell . How Rachel 's character 's twin knows Constantine is never explained , either.Despite the insipid acting of a police detective -LRB- I mean , would you be an L.A. cop and let yourself be placed in a tub of water by a guy who lives above a bowling alley ? Yes , suspension of disbelief , but really now -RRB- , the on-again-off-again Gabriel angel and the under-appreciated Shia LeBoeff , the special effects , the story and the mood went at a decent pace . Enough to keep you interested in what happens next and the surprising but underwhelming ending.Keanu Reeves is his usual over-serious self , does a great conflicted character as he tries to buy his way into heaven despite the demerit suicide of his younger life . Long story.My DVD had an alternate ending which was `` OK '' but still left me wanting . The deleted scenes were thankfully deleted . : PI 'll probably pick up the Garth Ennis graphic novels first and watch this again . Not a bad entry into the Constantine mythology.Better : John Constantine , Hellblazer
 this is a decent movie to get a good fright to lol just as good as when i saw it in theaters . i have the dvd and blu-ray now , time to ditch the dvd lol 4 Stars !
 I have always liked Constantine . This is the second set I have bought . The first was worn out . The storyline is different and full of little twists . Keanu Reeves , does another stunning job of acting.I hope you enjoy it as much as I have.Cheers ... Shane -LRB- Australia -RRB-
 Constantine is a great movie . It is based on the comic book series Hellblazer , and is about a Con-man/Magician . In the movie , Constantine played by Keanu Reeves , is hired to investigate a suicide , that leads him into the middle of a war between Heaven and Hell . It is a solid movie , one of my favorite Comic book to movie adaptation . The Visual effects are intense , and the story keeps you interested . If you have never read the comic , the movie does a good job on its own . A suggestion would be to pick up the comic and read it before you watch this movie , so it is more enjoyable .
 I love this movie and have watched it many times . The pace is perfect and the fantasy exploration of angels , demons and hell is a real trip . Great special effects .
 I really liked Keanu Reeves in this movie , he plays Sci-Fi movies really well . As for the movie itself , I like the story and the computer graphics used in this movie . I think this is a movie for Sci-Fi lovers !
 received in time to mail this off for the b-day gift it was intended for . came as discribed
 My Rule of Thumb , I do n't buy movies unless they are top notch the most amazing movies . At least 4 to 5 stars.So i own it , which says a lot . The script is amazing , with a deep and luring plot the drags you down to hell , in a good way : -RRB- I hate the chick who played the detective , i find her to be very unattractive with her giant eyebrows and huge nose . I do n't think she 's a bad actor , i just think someone else would have been better for that part .
 This is too much like `` The Matrix '' . For the first half hour , it was making me mad . All the same effects and even in same locations . Although some of the good/evil approaches were actually thought provoking , it was n't really new . Not bad for a filler , but not a main event .
 When I saw that `` Constantine '' was coming to the big screen I was n't all that excited at first . Mainly because I had never read the comic book ` Hellblazer ' , that inspired the film . Then I saw the preview and it looked like a very entertaining sci-fi/religious thrill ride in the vein of ` The Prophecy ' series , `` End of Days '' , and `` Hellboy '' , plus Keanu looked pretty cool in one of his first post - ` Matrix ' action films . `` Constantine '' is based on the popular Vertigo/DC Comic ` Hellblazer ' , which follows the demon hunting exploits of its hero John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- . Constantine is a chain smoking , wise-cracking , selfish demon hunter , whose primary goal in life is to send as many of Hell 's minions back to where they belong and hopefully work his way into Heaven . During his quest he is aided by Chaz -LRB- Shia Lebouf -RRB- , Papa Midnight -LRB- Djimon Hounsou -RRB- , and a seemingly duplictious angel named Gabriel -LRB- Tilda Swinton -RRB- . When a cop -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- discovers her twin sister has seemingly committed suicide , she enlists the aide of Constantine in discovering what exactly happened to her God-fearing sister to cause her to end her life . This mystery only deepens as Constantine discovers that demons are attempting to crossover into Earth 's realm , and this cop , when coupled with the mythic Spear of Destiny , is the key.With terrific special effects , most notably the imaginative interpretation of Hell as being an alternate reality , so that it appears to be a constantly buring Los Angeles . Pitch-perfect performances by the cast , that bring depth and reality to their comic book counterparts , and fast-paced editing and directing from first time movie director Francis Lawrence , `` Constantine '' is sci-fi/religious thriller that is guaranteed to keep you entertained.Though , not entirely faithful to the comic book according to fan boys and the movies own making of featurette admits this , the film is an enjoyable comic book adaptation . The theology for the movie is steeped primarily in Catholicism , even then it 's not an accurate depiction of the faith , definitely not a movie to base your religious beliefs on , but then again it never aspired for that purpose . As I said earlier , it appeared this one would be another one of the great sci-fi/religious thrillers , and I was right . If you enjoyed ` The Prophecy ' series , `` Hellboy '' , ` The Omen ' franchise , or `` End of Days '' , then this movie is for you.With the great success of `` Constantine '' hopefully Warner Brothers will realize the potential in this film for a franchise , especially since Keanu Reeves , Rachel Weisz , and Djimon Hounsou have all expressed interest in returning , and treat audiences to more demon hunting with `` Constantine 2 '' . `` Constantine '' is rated R for violence and language .
 ... And by that , I mean this horrible two and half star rating the movie got here on Amazon.I see nothing at all wrong with the acting in this film . In fact , Keanu did better here then he did in the last two Matrix movies -LRB- which isnt saying much I know , but come on -RRB- The story was entertaining , CGI was great , and I had a fun time watching it . To me that makes a good movie . Who cares how close it got , or didnt get to the graphic novel . You just need to take the movie in by itself , forget there is a comic book and you wont have any problems.Dont listen to these sub par movie critics , the movie is a enjoyable watch . Hope they dont make a sequel to this movie , dont need to have the Matrix fiasco happen all over again .
 Looks great on blu-ray . Makes me even moreScared of Catholics than IWas before and that 's significant
 `` Constantine '' is great ! Keanu Reeves is great as John Constantine . The directing by Francis Lawrence is excellent . The music by Klaus Badelt & Brian Tyler is excellent . The cinematography by Philippe Rousselot is excellent . The film editing by Wayne Wahrman is great . The casting by Denise Chamian is great . The production design by Naomi Shohan is excellent and visually masterful . The art direction by David Lazan is excellent and visually masterful . The set decoration by Douglas A. Mowat is excellent and visually masterful . The costume design by Louise Frogley is excellent . This is a visually thrilling roller-coaster ride that entertains and surprises you .
 I had seen this movie when it was first released and was impressed by the special effects . But with my endless quest to find hd movies -LRB- blue ray is taking over -RRB- I knew I had to purchase this one . And I am not disappointed . The extra features are easy to operate and the movie looks fantastic , not 3D like blue ray seems to bring out in their dvds . Hd movies are just that , it has outstanding clarity but does n't give that fakey look that blue ray does .
 I do n't usually do horror , which is why this is my favorite horror film . I do n't care about religion since I do n't believe in god , so I do n't care about accuracy , you have a good story then I 'll like it . I like that Midnight was praying for Constantine and the kid before they went to fight and they laughed at him lol . Why pray like it 's gon na help ? I like the special effects even though I know they could 've been better they 're fine . I like ALL they actors they picked out for the movie , and Peter Stormare played an awesome Satan . Some lines were a bit cheesy but the rest of the movie made up for it . I also like the fact that there was no love or kiss scenes , they pulled that off nicely , Keanu and Rachel 's chemistry was awesome , and I liked the `` almost '' kiss scenes where Constantine was putting a necklace on Angela 's neck like an almost kiss . Well done , one of my favorites .
 As hard as it may be to believe , this film `` Constantine '' was remarkablycool , despite the lead of Keanu Reeves , a man infamous for his crummyacting . -LRB- I have to say , I like Keanu Reeves , even if he acts poorly attimes . It 's fun to watch him . C'mon . Point Break ... The Matrix ... nowthis ? You got ta admit , he can catch your eye . -RRB- Anyway , I was soimpressed by `` Constantine '' and I myself find that hard to believe . Evenmy boyfriend who had no expectations at all for the film was so amazedthat he said he 'll probably purchase the thing when it gets released onDVD . This is a major thing for someone like him to confess . It 's hardas hell -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- to get this guy to truly like a film . Thattells me something . I myself , probably would get the film too . It wasgripping , it was intense ; I loved the visual effects . Like , it evenreally got me thinking about my own soul and where it would end up . `` Constantine '' is a gripping tale about hell 's minions , heaven ` sheralds , and the people on Earth 's role in the middle of it all . Trustme . If you like action and do n't mind putting yourself through a whirl , go ahead , see a movie that may not change your life , but will changeyour tendency to judge a book by its cover and Keanu Reeves by hisresume .
 The first hour is spectacular - great effects , interesting plot , and Keanu is believable . The second hour however slips and reminds me of `` End of Days '' - plot problems and the female actress is not believable . If you liked Keanu in the Matrix , you will like this movie . If you actually liked `` End of Days '' then you will love this movie . Overall the first hour makes it worth watching , and since my expectations were low I really enjoyed it .
 I think most people that saw this movie had certain expectations . If you were a hardcore fan of Hellblazer , the comic series the film was based upon , you were likely unable to get over the relocation to Los Angeles , an American John Constantine , and well , Keanu . If you thought this was a horror flick , you were n't happy either . Why anyone would think this was a horror film , I do n't know , but apparently that was not an uncommon belief.As an thinking-man 's action film , Constantine hits pretty close to the mark . It 's got good action . It demands some thought from the audience . If you let it , you will be asking questions of yourself and your faith -LRB- perhaps that 's why some people disliked it so much ? -RRB- . And as much as I hate to say it , even Keanu does a pretty good turn here . He 's no Lawrence Olivier -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , but he does n't distract from the action.This is n't The Matrix in Hell . The character is different . The plot is different . Can we let that rest?All in all , a pretty good movie . It may not achieve greatness -LRB- like Bladerunner for example -RRB- , but it 's far from Battlefield Earth .
 great movie ! this is a great movie it has everything , action , exorcisms , demons , angels , great acting . Highly recomended
 I guess this may be a film that you will like or hate , but I have to tell ya , I like it . Keanu and all of the others do a great job in this film , so much so that you forget that this is even based on a comic book .
 This movie was fun to watch ... I will be honest ... I know there is a comic book based on the movie ... and I 'm thinking the people who did n't like the movie were the people who have read the comic book ? Well ... anyway ... I loved the movie ... it had a gothic , scary , dark theme to it . The movie is not boring at all ... I think it 's one of the best movies that came out at the begining of this year -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
 Of course purists will always cry foul at the `` messes '' , `` disasters '' and `` heresies '' Hollywood performs on their little `` possesions '' . Since I did not carry this burden , I was able to enjoy Constantine on its own , no preconceptions or rules . This movie rocks , plain and simple , and all of the ignoramus who insist on the `` adaptation '' label will surely fail to judge it on its own right.I am not a comic book fan , and I did not read any of the `` HELLBALZER '' -LRB- as a so-called fan of the comic books mistakenly typed , TWICE -RRB- . I enjoyed `` Constantine '' . And as for those who also did , kudos . Do n't let the comic book crowd make you feel any less . After all , their limitations and views are theirs alone to suffer ...
 Yes , Yes ... . Keanu Reeves ca n't particularly act , he could n't in the Matrix when he was all lovey dovey , but his looks carry him through , and lets face it - when your dying and have been to hell , your not the happiest person in the world ! Rachel Weiss ' accent is n't constant in Constantine , but from a girl who ca n't stand chick flicks and likes Van Helsing , there 's not much more I can fault . And maybe the people with one star reviews are right , yes , it is confusing , but it 's not out on DVD , and I think you 'd have to give it a chance when you 've seen it more than once ! Special effects are amazing , like , shocking . For all the Constantine fans that adored him as the blond English liverpuddlian , I think Keanu is a pretty good tall , dark and American John Constantine . Obviously he likes depression because he 's in another strange movie at the end of this year . I did n't like Gabriel but that 's me . It could n't have been better , and it was better than I expected ... -LRB- Bring on the second one !!! -RRB-
 JUST LOVE IT IT WAS A GIFT FOR A CO-WORKER THAT LOVES AND AS FOR HER BIRTHDAY I ORDER AND SHE TOTALY LOVED IT . THANK YOU
 this movie is awesome ! anyone who gives it less then 5 stars just doesnt get it or didnt pay attention . it was made rock solid ! constantine was 2 hours long and wish it was longer . everyone that was casted did a great performance . i couldnt get enough , A + MOVIE .
 Held my attention unlike many movies ! I ca n't wait to watch it again and I hope they make a second !!!
 Haters are going to hate . I mean come on , Brass knuckles serving up the lords almighty justice . A Keanu classic in my opinion .
 The film was all set up for a sequel , but it never came . Maybe that 's not such a bad thing considering the Matrix and Prophecy sequels . This is a classic !
 This movie is wonderful , especially in 1080p HD ! I have never even heard of , or read , the comic book this movie is based on , but I still enjoy the movie every time .
 this movie had two things i love . Reeves as the main actor and the angel and demond theories with a twist . a must see for any fan of the genre
 One of my favorite movies ... the action and storyline are top notch and I will watch it over and over again !
 As a viewer of last years scientific thriller `` Constantine '' I was filled with anticipation for each upcoming scene . A powerful story staring Keanu Reeves as the title role bring the scenario of `` good '' and `` evil '' which resides around heaven and hell and Constantine 's yearn to be accepted into heaven . A perfect role for Keanu Reeves who nails the sense of humor for his role of Constantine . Rachel Wize -LRB- sp ? -RRB- adds a great aura to the film of a Bonnie and Clyde relationship between the two characters . I loved it , go see it , a great screenplay which makes you think about possibilities .
 Well I hear where alot of you are coming from on not being true to the comic , I hated this latest Punisher , my favorite comic series of all time . I only recently was lent a few issues of Constantine by a co-worker shortly before seeing the movie , and yeah the problem with the movie is , is that Constantine is British and well ... Not Keanu Reeves , but all that aside I enjoyed this film . I enjoyed the greatly Catholic feel , the view of Heaven and Hell , its right here , all around us just on a different plane . Constantine is a reluctant soldier against evil , Heaven wo n't take him and Hell wants him . You see Constantine sends all of Hell 's demons , or at least the ones that break the rules back to Hell , and he committed one of the heinous sins that gets one sent straight to H , E double hockey sticks . Since he wo n't repent or make an attempt at a just life Heaven do n't want ` im . Throw in some demons , Gavin Rosdale as a fallen angel , the anti-christ for good measure and the Spear Of Destiny to spice it up , and you 've got your self an epic battle of Good VS. Evil.Gabreille was wonderful , capturing the ambiguous gender of an angel . The Devil had that whole less is more approach to being a saditious Prince of Darkness . And Constantine is an A'hole . Constantine , whether he likes it or not is a champion for Good , and he just better get used to it.On a side note it was particularly touching since I too am trying to quit smoking .
 Keanu really does these movies so well . The opening scenes were some of the most memorable I have ever seen ! The one where he was pulling the demon out of the child was hands down awesome ! I would n't say this movie is scary , I would say it 's going to be real for those of us who believe in Heaven and hell . Just kind of makes you think .
 I have no experience with the comic book series this movie was pulled from , so it stands alone for me . That being said , I enjoyed it . The effects were good - lots of freeze animation , a few surprises that make you jump out of your seat , and an alright story . Keano Reeves is taking some heat here for his performance , but he does a good job of acting like a cynical , emotionally shut-down guy who cares about nothing but himself . If this is n't the way the John Constantine in the comics was , maybe that 's the problem . This particular role is n't exactly oscar-winning material either , regardless of who 's in it . But as for the character in the movie , Reeves did well . -LRB- As a side note , there are many , many actors and actresses who end up playing similar characters throughout their careers - Clint Eastwood , Jennifer Aniston just to name a few off the top of my head . -RRB- I liked the portrayal of Satan , almost as someone easily underestimated , and the angel Gabriel , as an sort of androgenous creature . The only thing negative I can say is I 'd liked to have seen more of Hell . But all in all , a good movie . Definately `` R '' rated though , please do n't take your kids , lots of graphically scarey bits , rotting corpse-like things , and adult-related content .
 I Loved this movie , having Keanu Reeves in it and it had that mystyrous biblical story in it as well , and a touch of romance but it never get 's there but it 's really not supposed to . Just a great movie .
 Catholicizim at it 's darkest humor , and throw in some Voodoo just for good measure !! this title exposes the silliness of or idea of ell . And heaven is kinda lame too .
 Not sure about the biblical references but movie-wise , I like it . It was unpredictable which is good , there were twists and turns , the tension was there throughout the movie , nice special effects , so it 's a good movie overall . I would watch it again if I could .
 this is a good blu ray transfer , if you want to see Constantine as you saw in the theater - get this blu ray
 Surprising new enactment of the sacrifice of a man who had always been in contact with the other side of reality in a vast fight against Lucifer to whom the world has been totally abandoned by God . And the sacrifice is supposed to save the world . Not by redeeming the sins of human beings . But by preventing the birth of Lucifer 's son and the total take-over of the world by him . The strangest element is that everything is purely haphazard . There is no plan , no real perspective known and controlled by anyone , especially not God , and least of all Lucifer . It is pure opportunism on their sides and human beings are always taken in-between these two famously inconsequent and irresponsible characters and they have to accept , follow and suffer what the other two in their big conflict do n't even know they produce . Even Archangel Gabriel is totally spaced out and corrugated and Lucifer will punish him by burning his wings and making him human and sensitive to suffering . Let 's hope for eternity . The special effects are from time to time agreeable and pleasant but never really outstanding . The story is messy and obscure and the spear that had been used by a Roman soldier to pierce Jesus ' side on the cross and had disappeared for some time reappears by pure luck somewhere in Mexico of all places . Nave . And we do n't know at all what 's the use of it and what it brings to the story . The second coming of Lucifer 's son is a failure . The second coming of some Jesus , new or old , is also a failure since Lucifer has to resuscitate him for him not to go to Hell for eternity . And they repeat as often as possible that He has a plan for anyone of us . In fact He and They have nothing for none of us . We are lost in a messy haphazard conflict between a truant God and a totally disorganized Lucifer . That 's what divine providence amounts to
 I get the impression that some fans of the Hellblazer books did like approve of this film . I liked the film . It was one of of the few 2005 films that I did like . My advice for the Hellblazer fans is
 I 'm confused . On one hand , Guru thinks Tom Cruise can act , while complaining that Reeves can not . Okaaaaaaaaaaay . Gotcha.While NOT a huge fan of Reeves myself , I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed this film -LRB- which I now own ... bought it used of course ! -RRB- : - -RRB- I am a HUGE fan of Rachel Weisz , however , and while her talents were regulated to the `` greiving sister '' , I thought the movie -LRB- plot and all , folks ... -RRB- was enjoyable.I could care less whether or not it was `` true '' to some kid 's comic book . Obviously , the written vs. visual representations will differ , but I have begun to reevaluate my estimation of K. Reeves as an actor -LRB- until he does another Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure ! -RRB-
 I have to caveat this review by saying that I was n't familiar with the comic or graphic novels of this character . That said , I really enjoyed the movie and felt that it blended historical and mythological themes regarding heaven and hell well . The beginning when the primary relic that the film focuses on is found was particularly weak , however all of the characters had at least a few good moments with most of them being recognizable without being cliches.Keanu Reeves has more of an edge in playing John Constantine than in most of his previous efforts , but you 'll still find yourself waiting for him to call for George Carlin pick him up in his transdimensional telephone booth ala `` Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure ''
 It 's a good movie , great effects , the characters all seem real , there is drama , action and some funny parts . MINOR SPOILERS
 I really enjoyed the atmosphere in the film . The plot itself was very intelligent , the powers -LRB- angels/devils -RRB- have complicated plots and plans which are clearly and imaginatively represented in the movie . Keanu Reeves is a great movie star , ok so he will never be regarded as one of the finest thespians in history , irrelevent - he brings a presence to the character of Constantine . Rachel Weisz -LRB- as we know now -RRB- is more than just eye candy , a talented actress she brings the right note of vulnerability and humanity to her character . Tilda Swinton 's portrayal of the androgenous Gabriel was suitably delicate and surreal . All in all i found the film very enjoyable , i loved the twisted take on the whole Judeo-Christian mythology - God is probably not a nice guy , angels can be smug callous and vicious creatures , demons are badder than you know and the whole of humanity just puppets - very refreshing . -LRB- Four 1/2 out of five -LRB- five for tilting -RRB- -RRB-
 Constantine , the latest in a long line of films adapted from the comic book/graphic novel lines , is also one of the best . True , the story as it was orignally written deserves most of the credit . But , the acting in this film -LRB- even the much lamented Keanu Reeves -RRB- is believable and suited well for this movie . I do wish there had been more types of demons enountered -LRB- along with the various ways to vanquish them - similar to the opening scene -RRB- , but one must review what is on the screen , not what is n't . Having said that , I thoroughly enjoyed this one - nothing was overdone -LRB- which is easy to do in this type of genre -RRB- - even the appearances of Gabriel , Balthazar , and Lucifer are convincingly presented , without being campy or cliched . I ended up buying this one to watch again ... definately recommended.Just by way of background , and while other reviewers seems to prefer to reveal much of the story and plot , I think that sort of ruins the film in many cases . So , you 'll want to look for other reviews and reviewers if that is what you are looking for ...
 Knowing the film was based on a graphic novel , the which form I find further proof that our educational system must be failing , I did n't really expect to like it . Really , Really did!Keanu gave a fine performance , his delivery sardonic and Dirty Harry like.I know some guys are jealous of Keanu 's fabulous looks and can only assume that is why there have been negative reviews for this very entertaining film .
 This is a great movie , I dont know why all you people are giving it 1 star . Maybe your not smart enough to understand the movie . I am buying this DVD on the release date .
 I have to say that I am not familiar with any Constantine comics , games or had had any other contact with the character apart from this movie so I can not compare the character to other sources , nor can I take part in discussing the technicalities and the specifics like other reviewers have . Therefore , coming from someone that did not `` know '' Constantine prior to the film I have to say that the movie was FANTASTIC!Constantine , brings to the screen the story of an exorcist who gets himself embroiled in the schemes of two unlikely allies who want to bring forth the Apocalypse for their own sinister reasons.There are slight hints of Van Helsing and the X-Files , and strong/obvious elements of the Ninth Gate -LRB- starring Johnny Depp -RRB- and the Prophecy trilogy -LRB- starring Christopher Walkin -RRB- , so the movie falls into the action/adventure/mystery / thriller/horror type of category.Keanu Reeves , Rachel Weisz , and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are extraordinary to say the least ! All the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows -LRB- the chemistry is AMAZING -RRB- ! The scenes in Hell are outstanding and the angels are as they are supposed to , making this movie one of the best of its kind . The plot , the setting , the dialogues , and the special effects , are all WONDERFUL!Very well written and very well presented , the movie is without a doubt worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection!Constantine is a movie guaranteed to provide more than just an evening 's entertainment ; it is one of those films that gets you and keeps you thinking long after it 's over.In short , I would definitely line up to watch a sequel !
 I 've been struggling to come up with a category for this film since I first saw it . Not horror , not sci-fi . Thriller ? Not in the conventional sense . But I do know one thing - it 's completely engrossing , and had me ruminating on the themes and ideas it brought up long after I left the theater.There are so many times this movie could have become overblown - thanks to the surprisingly skillful hand of director Francis Lawrence , that never happens . It is fantastical , but not silly . Full of dark humor , but no cheese . It takes its time in telling its story , evolving steadily but always holding interest.Keanu embodies John Constantine with all the wry cynicism and aloofness the character requires , managing to make you care something about this chain-smoking , hell-sentenced wretch dying of lung cancer . There are quiet moments of humanity that shine through at the most unexpected of times , and Reeves plays John 's emotional arc with a deliberation that most people would n't give him credit for . Constantine 's body language and demeanor are the anti-Neo
 First off , do n't believe everything you read about this movie . And , fans of the `` Hellblazer '' comics should just chill ! Movies rarely stay true to their source material and if you ca n't handle that , then do n't go to see the movie!Now , the movie , in my opinion , was pretty good . It 's not the `` Matrix , '' and it 's not the `` Exorcist , '' but its a pretty good sci-fi , horror , action , cross-genre movie . The character , John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reaves -RRB- , is a `` detective-hitman '' type who is commissioned by Heaven , Archangel Gabriel specifically -LRB- in this movie -RRB- , to track down demons , `` half-breeds '' -LRB- half human-half demon -RRB- , and other `` ghoulie-ghosties '' that come from Hell to wreak havoc among humanity . Once he has found these demons he is charged with returning them to their eternal damnation on the ethereal plane . John , its understood , happens to be very good at what he does . And , his motivation is fairly well explained in the script . This is why Lucifer himself comes to collect John 's soul when he is near death.The script does play out well with a moderate plot that can adequately hold an audience 's attention . The story is n't too contrived and has some foreseeable twists . I personally enjoyed the reference to the war between Heaven and Hell and how different demons and angels can be working for the advancement of their personal goals as well as for the general `` good '' or `` evil . '' The `` mythos '' was very believable and reminiscent of other stories which deal with the `` battle between good and evil . `` Rachel Weisz does an admirable job of playing the agnostic cop -LRB- Angela Dodson -RRB- who has denied her own ability to see the supernatural . She actually holds the script together with both her importance as a character and her strong performance . Tilda Swinton -LRB- Archangel Gabriel -RRB- gives an eerily unctous performance . She really captured the `` androgenous-angelic '' persona , the fervent zeal of a holy-warrior , and the prideful wrath which eventually leads to her downfall and trans-substantiation to human form.All in all , this movie was worth the student or matinee price of a ticket and was a good way to spend two hours on a lazy afternoon .
 Fortunately a few years back my son discovered comic books . At least the card sets that were coming out about that time . In so doing , I helped him to find out what was behind all of those cards and found myself immersed once again in the brightly colored world of comics . Except that I soon discovered that comics were no longer a children 's art form but a whole other world of graphic storytelling and imagery that was unlike anything out there with the exception of film . Tales of heaven and hell battling it out for the souls of humans , secret government agencies that allowed people to extract revenge on those who had done them wrong and heroes that actually killed people because they felt it was in the interest of society were all present . And so was John Constantine.The comic series HELLBLAZER was the story of John Constantine . And unfortunately I never found myself drawn to it . As written by Garth Ennis , it took on a legendary status among fans and helped to increase the popularity of DC 's Vertigo brand , a home for more adult oriented comics like this and SANDMAN . When I heard it was going to be made into a film I was interested . And after watching this film , I may have to take the chance of picking up some of the trade paperback copies of the series.The film opens with John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- being called to a tenement apartment where a young Hispanic girl has been possessed . With the knowledge he possesses , Constantine is able to bring the demon out of the young girl and send it back to Hell . But something was different here . It seemed that the demon was about to enter our realm and leave its own.We are next introduced to a woman who dreams of another leaping to her death from the top of a building . It turns out it was n't a dream at all and police detective Angela Dodson -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- saw the death of her twin sister . Called to the scene , she seeks solace from a priest later hoping that he will allow her sister to be buried in consecrated ground . At that time , her path crosses with Contantine.Constantine is at the same church talking about the gamble between God and the devil which allowed them to put man 's own free will at stake . Either side might try and influence the actions of man , but neither was allowed to be on this plane . Someone is trying to break that deal and Constantine wants to find out whom.The one fault of the film is in assuming we know all there is to know about Constantine and his battles here on earth . It is at this point that we finally begin to get a glimpse of what transpired in the past as Constantine and the angel Gabriel -LRB- Tilda Swinton -RRB- discuss John 's past and his desire to do good in the hopes of changing God 's mind into allowing him admittance into Heaven . More details of this transpire later in the film.Eventually Constantine 's and Dodson 's paths cross once again and they are led down the road that will help them both discover who was behind not only the death of Dodson 's sister but the attempt to enter this mortal plane as well . It 's a long path that leads them both , literally , to hell and back , but the journey they take is one filled with danger , fear and a believable story that draws the viewer in.The story itself here makes the film , offering a battle of good and evil on this plane that was formulated in the beginning with God and the devil . No balance of power is discussed , no self righteous name calling is produced , simply the battle that is fought is brought to our doorstep with all the souls on Earth hanging in the balance.The weakest point is Keanu Reeves . While I enjoy his work and think of him as a more accomplished actor than many give him credit for , he seem far too Neoish here . After three MATRIX movies , I see him in black and think of him there once more . He does a good job , as does Weisz , but I still have that mental image of him.The movie is well made with some great CGI effects that startle and frighten . The images of Hell are what one would expect as are the demons . But all are done with quality here.CONSTANTINE may not be the greatest movie ever made . But it is one movie that will entertain while you watch . And it may cause a few conversations to rise concerning God , the devil , Heaven and Hell . What more could you ask for in a movie ?
 Wow , the number and quality of negative reviews for this movie are amazing . This is not Shakespeare . What is very good about this movie : Music . I bought the Soundtrack and it 's one of my favorites.Action and special effects . Very well done.Story . It 's from a comic book , people . It 's fiction . Fantasy/horror . If this is n't your cup of tea , then skip it!Acting . No matter what you think of Keanu , the supporting cast is very good . I think Keanu was perfectly cast in this , but I can see where some would disagree.This movie is pulp fantasy . It 's well done , and I enjoyed it immensely . So much that I 've watched it 2 or 3 times and I still want to buy the DVD.If you likedHellboy -LRB- Director 's Cut -RRB- orUnderworld - Evolution -LRB- Widescreen Special Edition -RRB- you 'll really like this .
 This movie caught me off guard . I did n't know much about it before I saw it and I was impressed with it overall . Had some good effects and good storyline . This was definitely better than 1 star as some have suggested . Something obviously rubbed them the wrong way . Its a movie people , for entertainment - I do n't think anyone gets to go in and out of hell several times like in Constantine .
 I saw this at a friend 's house on HD DVD and went right out and bought a player -LRB- which are greatly priced right now -- Toshiba A3 is like $ 130 on Amazon and comes with 2 HD movies
 Principalities - Part IPrincipalities - Part III found this movie delightfully entertaining . After seeing it at the theater , I purchased it as soon as it was released . I never found it scary , just different . Anyway , I give it five stars .
 In Los Angeles , chain-smoking John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- is a supernatural exorcist detective who went to hell originally but got his life back as now he hunts for demons and evil spirits to do good for heaven . After a mysterious suicide , Officer Angela Dodson -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- helps Constantine battle the forces of evil.A well-made and well-acted if not entirely faithful adaptation of the popular cult DC/Vertigo comic book `` Hellblazer
 Basically all the previous 4 or 5 reviews are correct about the film . So lets talk about the picture , its in a word , great . The story is like action-Exorsist . I think most people will like it . Constantine is dark and its based off a dark comic . Its full of extras and includes an alternate ending so you will NOT feel bad about your purchase . If you are looking for something different to try on HD DVD , then pick up this and a copy of Serenity on HD DVD . This movie is a great way to round out you HD DVD collection .
 If you 're going to watch this movie , you 've really got to watch it in HD ! This `` Constantine '' HD DVD exhibits some of the most outstanding visual sequences you 'll find in a demon movie , or otherwise - way cool stuff ! The transfer is very clean and top-notch . The Dolby TrueHD soundtrack is a great feature to enhance this otherwise thematic audio track
 I have never read any of the ` Hellblazer ' comics so I had no clue as to who are the characters in the movie before watching it . However , I took that as a good thing , since I had an open mind about this movie , not knowing what to expect . I was pleasantly surprised in finding myself liking the movie while I was viewing it.John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- , as a child could see demons walking the earth , and was terrified of it . He tried to commit suicide and therefore knows that he will go to hell when he dies . Having seen hell , when he grows up , he decides to help people by removing demons through exorcisms and such . Now we meet Angela -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- , a cop who is trying to find the reason for her twin sister 's death . While watching a surveillance video of her sister Isabel before her death , Isabel mentions the name ` Constantine ' . Therefore , Angela meets Constantine and together , they discover what 's really going on , and try to stop it before it 's too late.For a debut , director Francis Lawrence did an excellent job on this film . The special effects are amazing -LRB- there are so many good ones that I ca n't pick out any in particular -RRB- . Keanu Reeves does his usual in this movie as he did in the Matrix . It 's not that he did n't act well , but he is playing the same kind of roles lately , it was n't a big surprise that he could pull this off . Rachel Weisz acted well for her role , as did the rest of the cast . While the movie was good overall , some of the conversations in the movie , especially dealing with religion , were a little hard to follow.In general , this movie is not so bad , and seeing that there are so many pathetic movies releasing these days , this one is worth watching .
 One thing before I write anything about the movie ... I like this movie as much as I do because I never expected it to be a masterpiece , or anything resembling a revolutionary movie . If I expected that of every movie I 'd give almost every movie ever made an F - . I like this movie because it has a decent combination of story , action , suspense , etc. . . that made it fun to watch in the theatre , and will make it fun to watch every now and again at home when it comes out on DVD.With that out of the way , this movie is n't perfect . Some parts of it are even laughable -LRB- holy shotgun ? right ... -RRB- . Despite all of this , it 's very watchable and entertaining . There are a few particular points that I 've noticed a lot of people complaining about that I doubt are even half as bad as people make them out to be . Be warned that spoilers follow .1 -RRB- Hellblazer - Okay , so the movie did n't follow the story of the comics precisely . But so what ? I 've never read the Hellblazer comics and I enjoyed the movie as a story of its own . Besides , unlike movies such as , oh say , Lord of the Rings , Constantine is n't the movie translation of a classic work or anything like that . Most of the people that I know know a lot about comics and none of them have even heard of Hellblazer , so it 's not like someone taking LotR and making Frodo some muscle man hero impervious to evil influence . So basically , unless the only reason you would consider watching this movie is because it 's based on Hellblazer , just seperate the two in your mind and it 's perfectly enjoyable .2 -RRB- Keanu Reeves - Blah blah blah , bland boring monotone actor , blah blah blah , etc. . Maybe it 's true , but I do n't see what he did wrong in this role . He 's portraying a man who knows what hell is like and knows he 's almost guaranteed to go there . He 's bitter and pretty much his sole desire is to somehow do enough good that he can redeem his soul in the eyes of God , thus regaining his ability to get into heaven after death . Therefore it 's kind of understandable to act the way he does . He would be conflicted between not caring since nothing he did seemed to brighten his situation -LRB- hence being the rude , aloof and somewhat selfish anti-hero that his character is -RRB- , although he does have a glimmer of charity and benevolence -LRB- he DOES want to get into heaven after all -RRB- . Not to mention that knowing as much as he knows about Heaven , Hell and their respective denizens would n't make his character any more `` positive '' . So , given his characters situation , how would you expect him to act ? Besides , he does change toward the end of the movie . For one , he starts showing compassion for Weisz ' character . Secondly , you note that his perspective on Gods plans change near the end of the movie , especially after getting a glimpse of heaven . Maybe this is too late in the movie for some people , but honestly , for a person in his character 's position , he has no motivation to change given that up until he gets that glimpse of heaven , things are only continually getting worse for him . I 'm not saying that Keanu would necessarily be an awesome actor in any other type of role , but for this role his particular brand of acting suffices , if not fits perfectly .3 -RRB- Lucifer `` saving the world '' - Okay , people who say that it 's strange that Lucifer would `` save the world '' need to pay more attention to the plot . Lucifer 's son was trying to become born on earth to `` redesign '' it in his own ways . Lucifer only prevented this because it went against his designs . So really , he was only saving the world for his own designs , since his son 's plans would have changed a lot about earth .4 -RRB- The movie 's idea of hell is `` bleak '' , `` boring '' and `` gets old '' . WELL NO REALLY !? Yes , Lucifer is going to set hell up to be the best amusement park we could ever dream of with endless green grass , lakes , entertainment , etc. . . I mean , duh , OBVIOUSLY . That 's all I have to say about that.Given all of that , yes , there are several flaws with the movie , hence the less-than-perfect rating . However , I found the movie to be perfectly enjoyable for two hours worth of entertainment , an interesting story -LRB- not the best , but hey -RRB- , and something to do on a night out with friends . As long as you do n't expect it to be Shakespeare , you should be able to enjoy it at least a little bit . Personally , I plan to buy the DVD when it comes out because it 's one of the better movies I 've seen of late . It definitely trumps another Harry Potter movie , at the very least.Oh , and it has one other merit in my book . The two most prominent characters are one guy , and one girl , but there is no needless on-screen chemistry . I think at most there was one kiss , but nothing more , and certainly nothing that can only be explained as needless titillation for the coveted young male 18-24 demographic .
 ... especially if you are n't too busy being a comic book purist to sit back and just enjoy a good popcorn movie . Yeah , it 's not the deepest movie ever made , but it really does n't have to be . As long as you do n't try to ask too much of it , you 'll find that it 's really quite entertaining . And pretty . Normally I 'd only give a movie of this caliber 4 stars , but I felt the need to beef up its rating a little in the face all the naysayers out there , so it gets a 5 from me .
 I read the reviews at Amazon before seeing the movie and then decided to read some more afterwards . From what I can tell several people did n't actually pay any attention to the movie , they just wanted enough information so that they could bash Keanu Reeves and complain.I found the movie facinating and liked the real ending at the end of the credits and the ironic ending for Constantine as well . I think that Keanu Reeves pulled off a complex character well and with his own style . If you do n't like Keanu Reeves and his acting style , then you wo n't like his portrayl of Constantine and you probably did n't like most of his movies.The rest of the acting was also good . Rachel Weisz has been getting a lot of good press in the reviews , but her character comparatively was not very difficult to pull off . Ultimately it is not that difficult to play a cop investigating her sister 's death and reacting to the bizarre things that happen around her.Several of the smaller roles were performed excellently . Satan was great with his cool , slightly 1920 's gangster flair , the priest who heard voices , the halfling Gabriel , Chaz Kramer , Papa Midnight also did wonderful jobs with their peripheral roles.Since I was not expecting this movie to conform to a comic book or the bible , I was not disappointed when it it did not . I could forgive them for making Gabriel a halfling angel instead of a straight angel . In addition , anyone that has watched any of the comic book to movie transitions should not be surprised that the movie did not meet their preconceived notions of who , what and how Constantine should be .
 This movie had my complete attention from the opening scene till the end.Totally riveting !
 I can not compare this to the comic that inspired it because I never read it , but then I rarely compare written material to movies anyway . Each venue has to be judged on its own merit because there is no comparison . You ruin the movie experience that way or the reading of a good book . I made note that most of those that disliked this movie were due to comparisons to the original written material . I have yet to see a character I have come to love in a book or comic portrayed as I , the reader , see them , in any film version . I learned a long time ago to treat them as separate and individual so I can get what I can without bias.That said , I enjoyed the movie for what it was . This is definitely not academe award stuff , but very entertaining and both characters brought me deeper into the story . There were plots and sublplots and subtlties that flavored this film . Good performances by both actors but I must agree that Rachel Weisz brought a lot to her character that would have been lost with a different actress . Her character worked well opposite Reeves character . I will definitely add this one to my collection . It was worth seeing in the theatre and worth owning when it is released on DVD .
 I went into this film not expecting a whole lot , mostly based on the reviews it was recieving , but I actually enjoyed it quite a bit . I liked the premise of the film and it has a very cool visual style which I greatly enjoyed . The film does have it 's flaws , but considering that Francis Lawrence had never directed a film before , I thought he did a pretty darn good job . He has a good eye for visuals and tone which shows in several scenes . Also , I thought Keanu Reeves was very convincing in the title role . A lot of reviewers said that his performance is wooden but I think he was just playing the character the way he should have been . A selfish , cold , seen-it-all kind of guy and he did a really good job in my opinion.The best performances however come from the supporting roles such as Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou and Tilda Swinton as Gabriel . It was cool to see Gavin Rossdale from BUSH playing Balthazar . He was actually quite convincing I thought . The visuals were the best thing in the film though . The cinematography by Philippe Rousselot was top notch . The look of the film and some of the shots were just fantastic . The visual effects were also great and never over the top . The production design also deserves recognition . The sets were really cool , especially Constantine 's apartment and Papa Midnite 's -LRB- Djimon Hounsou -RRB- club . They had very interesting looks to them . The screenplay has some very clever dark humor which i always love and it is actually filled with information . That was the one thing that really suprised me about the film . it is actually not a shoot em ' up action film but a dark , bleek mood piece . Most of the film is dialogue above all else but I actually liked that the film was n't just all action , but had a mind as well . Overall , I liked the film and enjoyed it for what it was . It is by no means for the mainstream audiences looking for another `` Spider-Man '' or `` X-Men '' but more for the fans of `` Blade '' or `` Hellboy . '' A sort of cult film in my opinion . So if you like these types of films I recommend it to you . You may like it or not , I ca n't be sure . But I thought it was worth the price of admission if you go in not expecting a masterpiece and just accept it for what it is .
 I really liked this movie . It was fun to watch and did n't get boring . The people who gave it low ratings were either hung-up on its deviation from the comics -LRB- but hello , it 's a movie no own said it had to be exactly like the comics -RRB- , or they were expecting a master piece for all ages -LRB- again , why ? You should no be now what to expect from this kind of movie -RRB- . It was a great action movie , the acting and effects were cool -LRB- especially the camera angles -RRB- , and just an enjoyable way to spend 2 hrs . Go see this movie !
 Constantine , the film , is based on the Vertigo comic of the same name . The main character in the comic and the film is John Constantine , a chain smoking British mystic who gets involved with angels , demons and thing that go bump in the night and the day.Fans of the comic -LRB- like me -RRB- will like the special effects filled story centering around the war between Heaven and Hell and the discovery of an artifact called the `` Spear of Destiny '' . I was glad to see a truly `` R '' rated film , after seeing so many tame PG-13 horror flicks . The main issue with Constantine
 I am consistently exasperated by reviewers who go to movies like `` Constantine '' expecting it to deliver oscar-level plot and material , then criticisng it because it does not . These movies are `` fun '' , popcorn-munching movies designed to entertain ; if you do n't expect them to be something they 're not designed to be , you 'll enjoy yourself.That said , `` Constantine '' actually exceeded my expectations a litle . I found the suspense and action to be fairly taut and well-paced . Throughout the film I was entertained and on edge , wondering what would happen next . It 's primarily an action / `` scifi '' -LRB- I use the term loosely , of course -RRB- film , with just enough references to Christian daemonology/mythology to give it a little bit of edge and depth , like how a dash of pepper really kicks a particular dish up a notch . I enjoyed the references to the Spear of Destiny -LRB- which reputedly pierced Jesus Christ on the cross -RRB- , and to various personalities of Christian daemonology -LRB- Balthazar , Mammon -RRB- . The occult aspect also adds much to the dark , brooding aspect of the film.However , the movie of course is not a traditional , dark , `` Priest-vs . - Satan '' movie ; Reeves is great as the flawed hero with a wonderfully sardonic sense of humour . I am so tired of people always bagging on Reeves , claiming he 's a bad , wooden actor . I beg to differ . In fact , I think in this movie his personality really shines through , and he does a great job portraying the complexity of his character . Constantine is a mix of tragedy , cynicism , self-pity , and yet also hope . He 's an `` everyman '' in which the contrasts have been magnified , viz . the good is better , and the bad is worse , but all in all I see plenty of myself in him.The always delectable Rachel Weisz as `` Angela '' not only adds female eye-candy to the ensemble , but also does a great job being the person who 's the `` outsider '' to the paranormal and occult , and thus acts as an anchor for the audience to identify with . Yet like Constantine , her character is also tinged with a bit of darkness , only in her case without the sardonic humour , so it 's actually a bit creepy . I love the sexual/romantic tension between Angela and Constantine . It 's unusually well-handled for a film of this sort . I 'm glad they did n't kiss in the end , it only strengthens the tension and adds some delicious ambiguity to their relationship.Lastly I 'd like to make a quick mention of how much I loved the character of Gabriel , the fallen angel played by Tilda Swinton . Swinton , with her big eyes , just has this unique , unusual , other-wordly kind of beauty that draws you in and yet makes you uncomfortable at the same time . She 's utterly perfect for her role , which although small , was unforgettable for me . And there 's something inexplicably sexy about Swinton as Gabriel . Maybe it 's the gender-bending touch of masculinity in her dress and behaviour , or that suave , all-knowing look swirled together with that of a confused , crazy child . She 's just ... just go watch her .
 Good SPFX , too . Keanu Reeves shines as the comic-book hero , who 's cursed to see the denizens of Hell in our world . Rachel Weisz is equally bright as the cop whose twin sister Ysobel committed suicide ... or did she?I do n't want to tell too much ; it 'd spoil a lot of * lovely * surprises . Needlesss to say , one * must * PAY ATTENTION ! to the tale , which is dense w/imagery & subtext . Which is why this willl prob ` ly fail ... it demands a lot from the audience , which will doubtless go `` Huh ? Wha ' ? Geez , they wan na person ta think , no fair ! '' instead of delighting in the texture of this gem . Ah , well ... . they 'll miss the crackerjack ending to the film , which follows * after * the credits ... !
 John Constantine is something akin to an exorcist . He sees demons and banishes them back to Hell . His time is limited though . He has inoperable lung cancer , and he does his job to try to buy his way into Heaven before his time runs out . His faith is somewhat lacking though . He meets a young woman who 's twin sister 's suicide is surrounded by mystery . Will John be able to solve the mystery of this woman 's `` suicide '' and stop a desperate plot to overtake Hell ? Even if he does will his own soul be saved?This movie came out of nowhere it seemed . It was a fresh new idea and it has great actors . This a lot to like about Constantine . I do n't think I 've met someone yet that did n't like this movie . If you have n't seen it then you really need to get this movie . I hope you like it as much as I do .
 I do n't know why people give this movie such a hard time . I admit , fantasy action horror movies are not my favorite genre as I 'm typically partial to artsy , pretentious indie movies that claim to be provocative . However , I was pretty surprised how entertained I was by `` Constantine '' . I do n't know the source material as I do n't read comic books nor do I feel that comic book movies are typically very good , but `` Constantine '' manages to put together a pretty fascinating universe that 's based on Christian mythology.The best aspect of the movie is how it does n't go too far in any direction . Keanu Reeves plays the anti-hero who does good , but for selfish reasons . Weisz plays the love interest , but is never pushed into an awkward kiss/sex scene . And Reeves , while successful , is not ridiculously invincible.Obviously fans disagree with me , but I have a hard time understanding why crap like `` Fantastic Four '' or even the much less crappy `` The Dark Knight '' are rated higher than this one . If you like comic book movies -LRB- or hell , if you were raised Catholic -RRB- , you really should see this one .
 Despite the poor critic reviews , I found that I still enjoyed this movie . Keanu Reeves fit the role of Constantine nicely , but I will admit to a bit of bias in liking most every movie he has starred in . Tilda Swinton played a great angel , Gabriel - at least within the confines of Gabriel 's plotted role which I believed to be a bit farcical . That was my only real complaint about the movie plot - that it was premised upon Gabriel betraying God and allying with Lucifer 's son to bring hell to Earth . But then to be fair , The Prophecy trilogy are among my favorite movies and they are premised upon Gabriel leading a rebellion against Heaven and attempting to wipe out humanity.The story kept a quick pace , perhaps too quick at points in that they did n't really explain much of Constantine 's history nor really give much of anything to add any real depth to his character . They seemed to make everything shallow and thus simple . That he is an uncaring prick that is self destructive with booze and cigarettes . It is also asserted by Gabriel that he is trying to `` buy '' his way into heaven by banishing demons to hell to atone because he committed suicide -LRB- though was resuscitated -RRB- as a teen , an act deemed a mortal sin destining him for eternal damnation . He was shown briefly as a boy being tormented by the sights of demons and parents who put him through hell by putting him in institutions and allowing electric shock therapy while he was fully awake and without pain relief prior to his suicide and resuscitation . That is all we are shown about his character . There is nothing about his allies , who they were and how he met/came to work with them . They were simply throw aways rather than being used to tell us more about Constantine and his history.I can only assume that they did this because there was an expectation/assumption that the audience be familiar with the comic series . There was certainly little here to really familiarize the character of Constantine to the audience and thus it did n't really create much emotional attachment to his character by the audience . This perhaps more than anything is what damned this movie to poor reviews and poor box office showing.In any case , despite its poor showing in box office revenues , I do hope to see a sequel some day and preferably with Keanu Reeves as Constantine again . Hopefully though with a better defined character that can connect with the audience .
 DVD came as expected in it 's wrapper on the promised date . A great movie , one that Keanu Reeves was perfect in .
 It 's a good movie , I recommend it because the plot is interesting , curious to know more about the epic battle between angels and demons and how humans are in it , draws you to see it through .
 Family member possessed by demons ? Call John Constantine -LSB- Keanu Reeves -RSB- , a spiritual warrior for hire . In Constantine 's world , shady dealers sell dragon 's breath and holy water to people like Constantine , who can see demons in their true form , and battle them back to hell . But , chain-smoking , coughing up blood , it 's not demons that are going to get him , it 's lung cancer.Constantine is n't selfless , especially with death so close . He wants to win his way into the good graces of god , but no matter how many souls he saves , it 's not enough . Or so his mentor , a half-breed angel-human , Gabriel -LSB- Tilda Swinton -RSB- , tells him . Not until he stops squandering his gift -LRB- Constantine would call it a curse -RRB- , and does good for the sake of doing good . But Constantine calls it unfair , and refuses to play . Gabriel has no answers for him -- tormented by the demons , Constantine attempted suicide as a youth , and was dead for two minutes . For that sin , he is damned.The strange world Constantine lives in has become even stranger . Full demons are attacking him and others , something they are not supposed to be able to do . Half-breeds , part human , part demon or angel , can exist on our plane , but full demons and angels stay home , in hell or heaven . Constantine must find the reason for this breach of the rules before the worst of the worst cross over into our plane and consign all humanity to hell.Fascinating in the rich world that it creates , Constantine will keep you asking questions about good and evil , heaven and hell , and the power of humanity to choose .
 One of the better movie experiences I 've had . The picture and sound in the movie were both excellent . You wont be disappointed with your purchase . : -RRB-
 A really fun and a times moving tale . It Combines elements of fantasy , horror , and science fiction in a basic good vs evil story . John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- is a somewhat fallen hero and de facto leader of a group of misfit sidekicks fighting the forces of darkness -LRB- literally the devil and his minions -RRB- under the rules of ` The Balance ' which in detente/cold-war fashion limit what either side is allowed to do . The wrinkle is that the most recent skirmishes are actually with the Devil 's son who is hoping to turn the planet Earth into a kingdom of his very own . It is a refreshingly unusual and entertaining film that might be classified as a quirky modern day spin on greek mythology , at once epic and very personal . I rented it a few weeks ago and really enjoyed it so I am adding it to my permanent collection today . The theology in the movie is typical hollywood kooky so if your the sort who gets your boxers in a knot over that kind of thing you might want to pass on it -- otherwise I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys science fiction and modern fantasy .
 Battle between Good an Evil in concepts we can understand ... very well written and fantasticly played By Keanu Reeves and Rachel Weiz ... would highly recommend to anyone interested in that kind of subject ...
 Warner Bros. did an excellent job transferring this film to Blu-ray . a bit grainy but if you adjust the contrast on the t.v. it 's not nearly as noticeable as the the DVD format . the disc also comes loaded with tons of extras including a full length picture in picture making of commentary all while you watch the film . they even included the music video Passive by A Perfect Circle , which I not only love the song but am a huge fan of the band , so what more can you ask for ? all in all this version of Constantine is definitely worth picking up
 I 'm a long time comics reader , who started following John Constantine back when Alan Moore created him in the pages of Swamp Thing . I read his excellent Vertigo series and enjoyed it . I acknowledge that this movie strays pretty far from the original character . He should be played by Sting , or someone who looks and sounds like him , for instance . I know that as a comics fan , and a fan of horror movies in general , I 'm supposed to be appalled by its very existence.However . All that being said - I love this movie for lots of reasons.First off
 I really enjoy this movie and I bought the blu-ray when the price dropped to $ 8.99 . I already had the wide screen and the picture quality is improved . Is it worth it ? For me it was .
 This is one of those movies that people either loved or they hated . Well I 'm one of them that loved it . The storyline could have been a bit blasphemous for certain christians , but the acting and computer graphics fits perfectly with the time . The supporting cast also helped keep the story interesting . You can expect a bit of `` the exorcist '' in the film . I enjoyed this movie and think outside the box .
 I generally hate comic book films because they suck miserably . Aside from this , The Dark Knight , Iron Man , and Hellboy , I pretty much hate everything else . I was disappointed that this film got mixed reviews from critics and moviegoers , but I enjoyed it for what it was and I believe it to be underappreciated.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 I really liked this movie and the style/look of it . I do n't read comic books or graffic novels but love movies and I really liked this film . I ca n't speak from an adaptation point of view.As for the HD side of things . Absolutely , one of the best discs I 've seen to date out of about 20 + . It is virtually flawless even in darker scenes and the entire movie is sharp -LRB- but not overly sharp-edge enhanced -RRB- and the colors are really nice . Lots of scenes that I now notice more of stuff in the backgrounds at 56 '' HD . The DD + soundtrack is great and I 'm sure the DDTrue is amazing eventhough most of us ca n't decode it yet . It has tons of extra material that I do n't care about myself , but it 's there.Perfect video transfer - I love HD . Give it a shot if you 're choosing your free HD DVD 's from promotion . BTW - it took a good 2 months to get mine , but do n't give up .
 good against evil . the two come together in this movie , through the oldest form in the book . excorsisms and demons . keanu was a great constantine . you know there 's just some people who were made for their roles , and this man is it . great actor , really gives it his all . from speed , the devils advocate , the lake house , and now this . flawless performance , no complaints all compliments . and his costar rachel weisz worked excellent as well . she was great in the mummy part one and two , she had me applauding her in the jury , and now here , i was impressed . nicely done , great actress . constantine is one of my favorites , it 's a pleaser . the man fights demons , he has a ticket strait to hell , but he 's not going without taking with him a few freaks . he meets this psychic and they battle the forces of evil side by side . and in the end , as always good triumphs over evil . constantine 's debt is repaid , and he must go on doing what he does best . splendid movie certainly deserves some great props .
 NOTE
 This is a review of the HD DVD only , not a review of the movie or the actors.With the advent of the new HD DVD players , movie studios are releasing movies in that format . Some are n't even really changed at all , and those who purchase them are only getting a repackaged product that will allow them to place it on the shelves with the other HD DVDs.CONSTANTINE is one of the movies that will really make an HD DVD system and surround sound system shine . The movie is jam-packed with special effects that look great on an HD monitor . Pausing the movie allows the viewer to look at a crystal-clear image that has to be seen to be believed . The audio portion of the film will slam through the surround sound system.Anyone who loved the movie but has n't bought the 2-disc special edition of CONSTANTINE can pick this one up . The HD DVD comes fully loaded with all the extras . The smooth , new interface available on the HD DVD formatting that allows a viewer to effortlessly switch back and forth between the movie and the special features is well worth the upgrade .
 Sometimes it mystifies me why a group of people will all go out and get ID 's so that they can write exactly one negative review of a film . Constantine seems to have managed to outrage both the Hellblazer comic book crowd and the and the ` this is blasphemous ' club . After all , Constantine is intended as light entertainment , not scripture or imitation . So let 's just take a look at the film in and of itself for a moment . After all , if a film arouses this much antipathy there must be something to it.In John Constantine 's -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- world evil and good are locked in the age old struggle , but there are rules that the two sides play by . The big rule is that true demons and angels can not cross over to this plane , although there are plenty of what Constantine refers to as ` half-breeds ' to make up the difference . Constantine is something of an enforcer . If demons get to out of line , his job is to whomp on them and send them back to hell . How did he get the job ? It seems that when psychics commit suicide they run the risk of being both damned and restored to a job with no opportunities for advancement . To make matters worse , John is dying for the second time - from lung cancer.Something is wronger than usual - trash scavengers have uncovered the spear of Longinus , there is unrest among the minions , and a woman commits suicide who never should have . The woman 's sister , Angela Dodson -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- is a detective determined to understand how the tragedy could happen . Before long Dodson and Constantine are working together and they find themselves faced with not just a few souls out of place , but a rebellion in hell that threatens to drop all humanity into the end of days.Reeves creates a Constantine who is more taciturn than the Hellblazer character , but whose grit and brusqueness still make him an interesting figure . Weisz has more script and she fulfills her part as a foil for Constanine beautifully , This is a film which is decidedly un-sexy , regardless of the attractiveness of the leads . The bit characters - half-angel Gabriel -LRB- played by Tilda Swinton who captures the angel 's ambiguous sexuality perfectly -RRB- , half-demon Balthazar -LRB- Gavin Rossdale -RRB- , Midnote -LRB- Djimon Hounsou -RRB- , and Beeman -LRB- Max Baker -RRB- - all have a crisp , comic book reality . And Peter Stormare does an outstanding job as Satan twisted in a whole new fashion.Director Francis Lawrence does a notable job of capturing the feel of comic book illustration and framing within the parameters of film . The film is carefully balanced between comic book sarcasm , humor , and the horrible seriousness of the underlying theme . Putting everyone 's ` issues ' aside -LRB- and everyone seems to have one issue or another about Constantine -RRB- this is lightweight but well constructed piece of filmic fiction .
 this film is basically about how Keanu Reeves -LRB- Human world -RRB- fought against the hell creatures . The story here is to mention how he save the lady police officer from death after the lady police officer needs his help to find out why her sister kill herself so strangely as she suspect that her sister somehow is being controlled by certain things in hell to end her life short . What happen , in the ned , to Keanu Reeve -LRB- constantine -RRB- and the lady police officer ? Visit your nearest theatre now for those whom are interested.N / B
 I have n't had a chance to see the movie , I just collect things that look interesting and I have always enjoyed performances by Keanu Reeves , from the very silly excellent adventures to matrix to the evil prince in Shakespeare .
 Satan is our brother , he will come again . This movie shows how close we are to deliverance . It was an ample chronicle of what could be . The dead are rising now , and soon all will be a river of blood and fire . All vampires should study this film .
 i waiting for this dvd a long time but now when it is relising soon it dont have dts sound movie like this should have dts sound iam not buying lots of movies because they dont have dts sound specially warner bros studio dvds.please release this great movie in dts sound .
 Constatine is a very good movie . I did n't know that it was based on a comic book by D.C. Comics . i bet the comic books are good to . Keeauna reeves does a pretty good job at his character . i saw the wide screen version and it sucked because it took half the picture away . if you want to see the real deal watch full screen if you can . You got ta see this film.Plot . John Constatine -LRB- Keeauna reeves -RRB- can see demons . The demons plan to take over the world by thier fowller The Devil 's son , And John Constatine bounds to do something about it . John Teams Up with this hot Cop . And they try to put an end to the Devil 's sons reign.If You Liked the movie Read The Book & Listen To The Soundtrack
 First of all you will not be bored if you watch this movie . I did n't know what to expect going in . All I really knew was it involved Keanu Reeves & the devil . Now I 'm a huge Keanu fan , but that does n't mean I like all of his films -LRB- ex . The Replacements , Sweet November -RRB- . Now I 've heard of reviewers -LRB- negatively -RRB- comparing this to The Matrix sequels , because of the special affects . But I think it has more of the feel of another great Keanu movie The Devil 's Advocate . Concerning the special affects , they are needed here . It 's not like when they use them in movie when a stunt person could 've done it . These are big demonic affects . This film has a dark atmosphere & we get to see the main character , John Constantine 's personality . This movie is basically about the power struggle between good & evil . Constantine is an exorcist who is trying to get into heaven , after having committed an inexcusable sin . Rachel Weisz is a detective who does n't believe her twin sister would 've committed suicide & eventually convinces Reeves to help her find out the truth . They also battle various demons leading up to a major power stuggle in the end . You might not know off hand what some of the religious events in the movie involve if you have n't read anything about Christian Mythology . I did know what they were talking about , but even if I did n't I do n't think it would have detracted from the movie . My only quibbles are with the casting . A woman as Gabriel seemed strange , but Tilda Swinton is a good actress . Also Gavin Rossdale from Bush was n't attractive or evil enough . I definitley recommend this movie & look forward to purchasing the future dvd release .
 I really liked this movie . While some people were laughing throughout I was being impressed . I personally thought Keanu did good in this film . They say he makes his character out to be an ass ; newsflash that 's how he 's supposed to act . How would a person act if they were dying , could see demons , and were threatened daily to be sent to hell ? I 'd be an ass too . Rachel Weitz did great also , as did Shia Lebouf . Peter Stormare as Lucifer gave me chills , believing that that is probably how Satan would act
 BUY IT Simple as is , great sound and video quality .
 I personally did n't buy this movie because if its `` stars . '' I liked the premise and the directing . I think both were done very well .
 Okay , let 's face it , Keanu was not the guy who should have done this flick . Yes , he 's pretty . But Constantine 's character is really a down , dark guy doomed to hell . It needed an actor who could convincingly portray the emotions , that heavy negativism burying a nugget of hope that heaven might cut him some slack . I needed to see a face that reeked of internal putrefaction -LRB- the cancer , the despair -RRB- as well as obsession . We needed someone who could really dig in and pull out a performance . Keanu , photogenic as he is , even likable as he is , just ca n't do this . I do n't believe him as a guy dying from lung cancer and well-acquainted with hellfire.Rachel Weisz and Tilda Swinton are good , Rachel VERY good . Tilda seems to be ready to make a career on playing gender-benders -LRB- see ORLANDO -RRB- . She has the look for it , I guess.I kept thinking , too , that Satan should be much more beautiful -LRB- the fallen angel of light -RRB- and much more threatening . -LRB- This guy was creepy , but hardly to the levels of a Lucifer . -RRB- This movie reminded me of The Prophecy meets The Matrix meets Spawn . -LRB- And was n't Gabriel also human-hating in The Prophecy ? -RRB- But Viggo Mortensen 's Lucifer was better than this guys , hands down -- seductive , yet repulsive . Bring Viggo back!The effects were good . I enjoyed the `` vacation gone really , really bad/The Day After '' vision of hell . The demons were well done . I liked the apprentice guy , and wish they 'd let him do a bit more.Unlike some other reviewers , I liked the ending very much . Then again , I 'm not averse to happy endings . :-RRB- In fact , I love them . I would have given this a three if not for the hell scenes and the ending.Another negative
 I have no idea why people keep trashing this movie.No , of course it does n't stick to the comic book . This might be because this is a movie BASED on a comic book , and it is obviously not meant to be a faithful translation.I thought the opening scene was awesome , as well as the mythologies put forth in the film . This film makes great use of the character in the HellBlazer comic , and flips him to make him more accessible without taking any of his edge.As someone who has read the comic book , I can say that this movie is Original and exiting in it 's own right.It really annoys me when people complain and say the same `` It does n't stick to the comic book/novel/video game/play/whatever this movie is based on '' thing , no matter how interesting the movie is regardless.These people should just be banned from all theaters and flayed to death.For those people who actually like movies , and have some semblance of an open mind , you will enjoy this film.Peace !
 Putting aside the cheap Keanu jokes , this is his best film of this past decade . The Matrix ? Pfft . Yes , I 've seen The Lake House , and Something 's Got ta Give , and A Scanner Darkly -LRB- actually , never finished it -RRB- , and none of them boast a Keanu performance that can be honestly called ` essential ' . He 's good , but passable.Surprising , then , that a superhero movie based on an iconic , blond , * English * demonslayer would end up one of Reeves ' definitive roles . He nails the jerkiness and been-there-done-that attitude of the character perfectly . -LRB- I would have thought James Marsters would be a better fit . Who knew ? -RRB- Anyone who has seen End of Days will see similarities here . Between the two , I prefer Constantine , if only because the female lead -LRB- Rachael Weisz -RRB- is n't annoyingly weak in this one . Granted , Angela still finds herself in peril , but at least she is n't a jittery mess , unlike Robin Tunney who had to be dragged place to place by Arnold for the whole movie.The film would n't be half the success it is without the dual performances of Tilda Swinton and Peter Stormare as the archangel Gabriel and Satan , respectively . Stormare is supposed to be a surprise , but his version of Satan is already fairly well-known , even if the movie itself is underrated . It just proves that with awesome actors , even such well-trodden ground as a biblical action thriller can be spun in an original direction .
 This is a good movie ... I bought it to watch parts of it from time to time . Some neat little `` speeches '' and great visual moments . I especially like Tilda Swinton -LRB- in anything -RRB- as the Angel Gabriel . The speech she gives near the end of the film is chilling in its simplicity and attack on the mystery of Faith ... . And if you like Rachel Wiess looking doe-eyed and vulnerable ... well there is a lot of that .
 I thought it was a wonderful movie ! I honestly have no idea where all of these horrible reviews are coming from.Keanu did an amazing job and was truely fitting for that part ! It was a genius idea to cast him and I believe beyond popular belief that he is a fantastic actor !
 The average review score on amazon really does n't tell the full story here . This is a very enjoyable movie and it 's sad to see it so under rated.Constantine is based on the DC/Vertigo comic book by the name of Hellblazer and tells the story of John Constantine . It 's not exactly faithful to it 's source but still tells an enjoyable story . Keanu Reeves delivers the usual performance as John Constantine , the wise cracking demon killer who wanders the streets of Los Angeles keeping the balance between God and Satan in check.Sexy Rachel Weisz plays his love interest and the two become entangled after her twin commits suicide . The relationship between Weisz 's character and Constantine is n't particularly well developed but it serves it 's purpose . The story is interesting enough and details a plan to raise onto the world the son of Satan but that 's not why people come to see this flick . It 's far from bad though . The acting is ok although Keanu 's character is a bit too close to all his other characters , but that 's Keanu for you.The special effects are the highlights here . There are plenty of memorable scenes with beautiful digital creatures . The opening exorcism scene is a bit too Exorcist but handled well . The multiple fights between Constantine and the denizens of hell and his trips to Hell are a wonder to behold.If you 're looking for a movie with an interesting story , cool characters and extremely well done special effects then this is the one for you . The theological aspects of the story are n't too deep but are presented well and do n't slow the pacing of the movie . This is a great comic adaptation with some awesome special effects . 4 stars.P.S . Be sure to stay after the credits for an additional scene
 The film CONSTATNINE was true to the feel , mood , characters , etc. of the first 10 issues of the comic book where this originated -LRB- HELLBLAZER -RRB- . -LRB- And others -RRB- . Keanu Reeves did a surprisingly great job . DC comics can be proud of this one . Not for everyone . Not for the weak of heart . Powerful . Graphic . Awesome . Kids should not see it . -LRB- As they should not see Sin City -RRB- . This comic book film was made for people in their 50 's with a leaning toward the paranormal -LRB- which is really just what is so -RRB- . This is fantasy , horror , SF , mythology done well .
 Based on the comic book , `` Hellblazer , '' `` Constantine '' tells the story of John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- , a demon-hunter with special abilities who travels the country performing exorcisms and trying to get on God 's good graces before he faces eternal damnation . It is established early on that he has a terminal illness , so the movie turns into a race against time . When Constantine teams up with a policewoman by the name of Angela -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- whose identical twin sister may or may have not committed suicide , he sees one more chance for redemption . Following up his successful stint in the `` Matrix '' trilogy , Keanu handles the character effortlessly . I 'm not too familiar with the comics , but in my head , he nailed the part . I could n't imagine anyone else in the role -LRB- rumors say Nicholas Cage was originally set to play it ... ugh -RRB- . Rachel Weisz and her character compliment the character of `` Constantine '' and gives us something to be sympathetic too -LRB- she also looks great in a wet shirt -RRB- . Alongside the two , the movie also co-stars Mr. Gwen Stefani himself , Gavin Rossdale -LRB- who is actually really good in this movie -RRB- , Shia `` Even Stevens '' Lebeouf and Peter Stormare , who seems to have a little too much fun in the role of Satan . `` Constantine '' is full to the brim with disturbing images and arresting action sequences , as promised by the previews . No doubt , it 's a pretty intense and involving movie . First time feature film director Francis Lawrence -LRB- whom , prior to this only handled music videos -RRB- shows us what he 's made of and handles the movie effortlessly , with the skill of a director with much more experience . My main complaint with the movie though , is that the pace seems to be a bit chunky . Everytime a big action scene comes along , and you start to get focused on the material , it stops and we all unwind for about 20 minutes . The movie just does n't seem to take off . It 's good , no doubt , but it has that terminal flaw . It 's hard to get into all the action when we keep getting relieved . It 's still an exciting movie , and probably the best you 're gon na see this time of year . It 's got a bit of horror , a bit of black comedy , and a lot of action . Surely you could do worse .
 Fighting Hell on Earth , John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- faces demons every day trying to keep the balance between Heaven and Hell in the City of Angels , Los Angeles . Constantine is damned for something mysterious in his past and he 's trying to work it off hoping to buy his way into Heaven . God , though , is n't buying . When Constatine realizes that demons are not possessing humans but are trying to cross over he reluctantly teams with police detective Rachel Weisz in trying to discover who was behind the death of her sister . The two meet when Weisz seeks an audience with a priest who happens to be meeting with the Earthly form of the angel Gabriel -LRB- Tilda Swinton -RRB- . Aimed at audiences with a combination of elements from `` The Exorcist '' and action adventure movies inspired by comic books , `` Constantine '' may not be true to its source -LRB- the comic book `` Hellblazer '' -RRB- but the powerful visual effects combined with strong performances makes this film worthwhile . While I had my doubts about Reeves pulling off the role of Constantine , he proved to be outstanding in the role . Unlike , say , Neo from `` The Matrix '' , Constantine comes across as a selfish , rude loner interested in using his gift to see the demons that walk around uninvited in our world but not totally accepting responsibility for the consquences of his action . Weisz pulls off her role as Detective Angela Dodson with just the right mix of street smarts and disbelief at what she sees when in the company of Constantine . Gavin Rossdale comes across as a bit of a cypher as Balthazar an Earthbound half breed demon working who is Constantine 's opposite in this battle for humanity.While first time film director Francis Lawrence puts together fascinating images , he occasionally loses control of the narrative causing audiences to play catch up with the story . That 's OK , thouh , as it keeps the audience from guessing every twist and turn of this unusual film . The screenplay by Kevin Brodbin -LRB- the fascinating but unseen thriller `` Mindhunters '' -RRB- and Frank Cappello -LRB- cult classic `` No Way Back '' -RRB- borrows enough from the source material to keep this original tale interesting for fans of the comic book source and those unfamiliar with it . Many fans of the comic will , no doubt , be upset with the liberties taken with the material but I 'd sugget keeping an open mind and viewing this as you would any film taken from another source.The visually stunning sequences set in Hell along with those portraying Heaven with impressive CGI effects make this a memorable film . Although it is n't perfect , the film provides a solid two hours of entertainment with a number of fascinating ideas and questions raised about this world and the next . Exceptionally good supernatural thriller although it may be too visually dense to attract the audience it needs to succeed .
 I 'm still trying to figure out why this movie is only getting 21/2 stars out of 5 . I thought this was a decent action adventure movie with alot of cool special effects . I mean it 's not the greatest movie in the world but for a comic book movie it 's pretty damn good . Another thing that 's been bothering me is that when people say the movie is so far fetched its hard to enjoy . IT 'S A COMIC BOOK MOVIE , look at Spider-man , daredevil and the Hulk especially . I know the story in those movioes are more enjoyable and more energetic but so is this . In my opinion Keanu Reeves did an awesome job as John Constantine . I just hope that when they make sequel that he is still in it because i do n't think anyone else could have played this character . Take it from me this is coming from someone who read the Hellblazer comics its pretty damn true to the comic .
 First things first
 My husband and I do n't see a lot of movies and have no patience for below average ones . -LRB- We are known to walk out of many , last one being the last Star Wars movie - what is it with Lucas , they 've been getting cheesier and cheesier -RRB- . We both felt that this movie was one of the best devil movies we 've seen . Loved the story , and you know good overcomes evil , yeah ... but you never really see the end coming , never have expectations for what happens . I love that in a movie , it 's really hard to achieve . Having had no experience with the comic led me to have no unrealistic expectations with the movie . I saw this movie in the theaters and when on a plane and given the option to see it again saw it a second time . I eventually want to purchase this one too . Really , as far as acting it was well done , as far as special effects , excellent . These types of devil movies can be cheesy and stupid , but this one rose above the norm . If you saw that other devil movie -- Keanu , Charlize Theronand Al Pacino -LRB- the name escapes me -RRB- and liked it , you 'll definely like this one .
 this movie is the darkest dc comic movie ever . it has action , story , and romance . perfect movie . two big thumbs up .
 I do not care what the Critics say I thoroughly enjoyed this movie . It did what it was suppose to do and that was to give entertainment in the form of escapism . It may not be Oscar material , but it is one I will enjoy watching again this week , next month or two years from now .
 I really loved this movie about good and evil . I watched it at someone 's house and then bought it and watched it three times in a two day period . Kenau Reeves really plays a good part in this movie and there is one part that really got to me . You have to watch it yourself .
 Truly scary and diabolical , full of Catholic theological twists , and with a great Tilda Swinton as the angel Gabriel . Keanu Reeves plays a much darker character than any I 've seen him do before , like an updated Humphrey Bogart , and his darkness actually makes you forget how cute he is , not an easy thing to do . Lucifer 's evil is convincingly subtle , and the conclusion is great , not forced and definitely not a letdown . Worth watching .
 This film succeeds where other comic book movies have failed in that it is able to really pull you in . It 's fun to watch the X-Men on the big screen because I used to always want to see my favorite comics on the big screen but Constantine does more than that . It 's a gripping story with compelling acting that will keep you riveted . It 's definitely worth your time .
 So , it might not be true to the comic , or be altra horrifying , or abundantly serious ... but I LOVED IT . It was refreshing movie against all of the indie film foreign horror remakes that have been hitting the screen lately . What happened to movies being fun ? If you 're looking for somethi9ng entertaining and you 're not Ebert or Rooper -LRB- is that the new guy 's name -RRB- definitely get it or watch it .
 I 'm a special child because I like movies that others do n't . Well , I watched this one at an advanced screening a while back but unfortunately missed the first 15 minutes . So , I missed the exorcism scene which is a shame . Well , you know what this means , I 'm going to have to get this one once it 's out on DVD . But that 's not all , it 's actually a good movie . It was confusing at times but I think that this movie is deeper than most say . The movie is about John Constantine , a man that can see dead people that walk on earth . He thus has to take them back to hell where they belong . The beautiful Rachel Weisz co stars also as someone who believes that the `` suicide '' of her sister is n't a suicide . The way that Constantine travels to Hell is really neat and original and the fight scenes are really neat , as he has some really cool weapons . The bible is also referenced in the movie but this is n't the same bible . This one has a `` deleted '' section where it speaks about the son of the devil . The movie is very original and neat and if you ignore some very confusing moments , you 'll like it . But , no one else did , so I guess I 'm a SPECIAL CHILD ! I 'm the same guy though that dissliked Scarface and Taxi Driver , so you kmow . . I also found something very neat about this movie . At the death of the devil 's son , I noticed that he posed no resistance and just died . So , I saw in a weird way a parallel between Jesus and him as they both went down without resistance to accomplish a mission . Anyway , if you are religious , you might notice this like I did , and there are some other religious moments . That 's what I think about a movie that very few people like .
 I thought that it was a great film . I do n't know what those people were talking about at the bottom . But I am a comic fan in real life too so that is also why I liked it . Special Effects were good but the story line kind of declined in the end . Other than that i thought that it was a good movie .
 This movie has almost no chance to make anybody happy . Constantine graphic novel fans will be disappointed because the character is changed and quite different from the books . Keanu fans wo n't see Neo -LRB- except for some time when Constantine was indecisive -RRB- and there are n't super kung fu fight sceens.That said , it 's a slow moving , laid-back plot with a lot of back story which takes a bit to figure out . Rachel Weisz is very good but her character is n't developed as completely as it should have been . Keanu plays it very laconic -LRB- which , after all , is his strength -RRB- and it mostly works . But I think he should have been a bit more animated and I would have been interested in some sparks between him and Rachel.All in all , this is actually a pretty interesting movie , part The End of Days and part The Omen . I did enjoy it and I 'm likely to get the dvd . Give it a rent , it 's definitely worth a look .
 At this point in time there really is no reason to point fingers . Comic book based movies are now the trend and have been for quite some time . Whether it 's the superheroes -LRB- Batman , Superman , Spiderman , etc. -RRB- or the grittier , more pissed of ` heroes ' -LRB- The Punisher , Spawn , etc. -RRB- , comic book heroes are popping up all over the bigscreen everywhere.Maybe it was because of this , or maybe it was because of Keanu Reeves ' previous special effect box office smashes -LRB- cough cough The Matrix films cough cough -RRB- , but they seem to have drug up yet another gritty badass from the depths of the underworld and slapped him onto the bigscreen. , and his name is Constantine.Just a little background on our ` hero '
 This movie is not for the typical mainstream movie goer , its dark , and requires thought to fully understand and appreciate how good this film is . i will admit this , Keanu Reeves does kinda speak like Batman , but hey it works . Great acting , great story , great visuals , only complaint is that one action scene in particular has John Constantine on the street fighting a demon composed of insects , the demon look too computer graphic , so fake . other than that its great . for all you romantics , sorry this movie doesnt even have 1 kiss in it at all . another reason i liked it . If i were to give this movie a rating it would be PG-13 because the only thing in it is a little bit of language , so id say its safe for the family to watch unless children are afraid of the demons , who arent scary and arent intended to be who seldon appear .
 If you like movies like the exorcist then you 'll enjoy this one . Reeves does an excellent job with his role fighting demons .
 A lot of people are saying that Constantine is wrong because Keanu Reeves is wrong for the part but I see it differently . See I 'm no fan of Reeves and I actually think of him as a dry and predictable actor that always acts the same in every film . The stories he gets and his supporting cast is so good that they make him look even better and he gets a high price tag . Constantine needed an actor to play the character as a mean , intimidating , and vicious loner and who better to play that than a man who had that exact role in his previous films.So I do n't see Reeves as a problem but why this film gets such low ratings could either be that it 's not true to the comic like other reviewers suspected or it could be because it 's not true to the history of the real Constantine . Whatever it may be with those who have the knowledge of the comic or factual history this is a good movie either way . The acting is nothing to be excited about but trust me that the movies perspective on good and evil are interesting enough to keep you entertained over and over again . It 's got some scares in it if you scare easily and it may even have your mind twisted around it 's concepts longer than you think .
 `` Cats are good . Half-in , half-out anyway . `` For fans of theological thrillers or graphic novels , there is something incredibly enticing about the character and adventures of John Constantine in the cult favorite comic Hellblazer . Seen by some as a powerful magician fighting against demons , and by others as a smarmy con-man out for a quick buck , the world behind the world that he inhabits is one ripe for a good mystery with a healthy dose of the bizarre.The movie adaptation helmed by director Francis Lawrence and starring Keanu Reeves is more of an extrapolation of some of Constantine 's comic adventures rather than an adaptation of the exact world and character . John Constantine is now a dark-haired american living in a demon-infested Los Angeles -LRB- mmmm , irony -RRB- instead of the snarky blond Brit that rowls the comic pages . However , the important things about his character remain largely unchanged . He retains the same pitch-black sense of humor and `` screw you '' attitude to the minions of both heaven and hell , and Keanu himself does an admirable job in the role . Perhaps it 's just that John Constantine can be such an emotionally dead character , but Keanu does what is easily his best work since donning his trenchcoat and shades in the original Matrix.The story for John is fairly simple ; he sees dead people . Or rather , John Constantine has the rare ability to spot the semi-demons and quasi-angels -LRB- termed `` half-breeds '' -RRB- that live among the human population . As a child , it drove him insane and desperate to the point attempted suicide . However , it did n't quite work , and now , knowing that he 's destined to burn , Constantine acts as something of a bouncer for the city ; whenever a demon tips the balance between good and evil by stepping too far outside the line , he deports them back to hell . he does this not for the sake of doing good , but in the forlorn hope that it 'll buy him back into the good book.This grabs the attention of Racheal Dobs , a detective who ca n't believe that her Catholic sister would comit suicide . Suspecting foul play , she enlists the unwilling help of Constantine , and the two start down a road to unravel an unholy mystery involving the Spear of Destiny , psychic powers , and ancient prophecies.The story for the film is solid enough , but it 's really the visual style and the supporting cast that make it enjoyable . Francis Lawrence creates a brilliant atmosphere for the film , along with some geniunely disturbing images of Hell , and does a great job of fitting each scene to its mood , whether it 's being defined by performances or music.As for the supporting cast , they 're all incredibly enjoyable . Gavin Rosdale and Tilda Swinton provide great contrast as Balthazar and Gabriel , and Djimon Honsou does a great mystery man as the militantly neutral Pappa Midnight . Even the usually annoying Shia LeBeouf is palatable , and in actually adds a lot to the character of John Constantine . As author Niel Gaiman proved in The Books of Magic , Constantine is most enjoyable to watch when he has a young charge to act as his foil . And watch for a scene-stealing performance from Peter Stormare as the Morning Star himself.Overall , the film is n't meant to be much more than an exercise in entertaiment with a heavy dose of the macabre , but it manages to be very good at what it does . With very effective use of effects and visual style , along with solid performances , if you like your supernatural thrillers with a touch of the hellish , this is where you should look.And the two-disk DVD is easily the best deal if you 're planning on picking the film up . It has all the special features that the one-disk edition comes with -LRB- including some deleted scenes that actually might have improved key points of the film -RRB- , but also a full second disk of extras looking into the making of the film . It also comes packed with some selected Hellblazer comics , for a look at the original vision of the Constantine character.Constantine has a different sort of feel overall than something more fun and self-aware like Hellboy , but it 's certainly worth a look if you enjoy films like The Devil 's Advocate or The Exorcist . Just come in expecting something ... different .
 This movie is incredibile , mainly because of the special effects . The special effects are insanely awesome . The acting is decent , and Keanu Reeves is a little bit of a jerk to everybody , but he pulls everything off quite nicely . I absolutely love how he goes to hell to see if Isabelle is down there . It is incredibly awesome . You should definetly see this movie , regardless of wether or not it follows the comic book well .
 Keanu Reeves , whom everyone loves to criticize , kicks -LSB- ... -RSB- as a sci-fi/fantasy action star . Rachel Weisz gets extra special respect for letting the director pull her through an office wall . Thank goodness there is n't a gooey romantic side story . There is n't any sexual tension between Weisz & Reeves anyway . I love Peter Storman as Satan . He comes across as a less dignified Dr. Lecter . I think , however , the pacing could have been speed up a little . -LRB- Here 's a creepy fact from IMDB
 Constantine is the story of a demonologist/exorcist who was born with the unique and uncanny abilities to see and combat demons -LRB- and angels -RRB- , and other creatures from hell . The story begins with the finding of the `` Sword of Destiny '' - the sword that was used to spear Jesus Christ on the Cross at Calvary - and ends with John Constantine battled none other than Lucifer himself.Constantine moves along at a good pace and provides an immersive story that will keep you engrossed . There are grand battles with flying demons , and a good working chemistry between Keanu Reeves and Rachal Weisz . Overall , you will walk away from Constantine having been entertained as well as glad you stepped into the fictional world of the `` Hellblazer . `` There are some weak spots to the film . Keanu Reeves was generally very convining , but had moments -LRB- especially when he was smoking cigarettes -RRB- where he seemed a little off . There were also some blatant inconsistancies that can leave the audience scratching their collective heads . For example
 Regardless of what everyone here thinks , I thought the movie was pretty good . Even though there are movies out there with the similar ideas and plots as this , none of them are really like it . Constantine tells of this exorcist or whatever , trying to buy his way into heaven , later meeting up with this cop searching for answers to what really happened to her identical twin sister Isabel . As the movie goes on , she realizes that the stuff that she and her sister saw when they were little girls were indeed real , both holding psychic powers , which brings in her key part in the movie.Good acting by good actors and pretty nice movie to watch , quite a bit of action but does n't go overboard but again a good thing because nowadays , younger viewers are all crazy for a lot of explosives etc , which I find now to be a bunch of bs and nothing that makes you think much , guess thats why the average IQ is so low now.Again , everyone should watch this instead of listening to a bunch of reviews of people on the net . I 've watched good movies that people say suck and I 've watched bad movies that people say are good . Only way to really find out ... is to watch it on your own .
 It 's possible I 've missed the point and , no , I have n't seen the comics but this movie has to be one of the most -LRB- only ? -RRB- enjoyable in the `` demon '' genre . For the first half-hour I wondered whether I 'd made a serious mistake . After that , I learnt to enjoy the ride and the laughs.I 'm now entirely convinced the movie was intended to be tongue-in-cheek , entertaining and stimulating - in all of which it has succeeded . It definitely presses a few buttons and perhaps its detractors ' funny bones were bumped a little too hard ?
 I found this movie to be fascinating and thought-provoking since I am interested in the treatment of Christian dogma in film . While it had its horrific moments , I wanted to see this film because I wanted to see how Hell , devils and angels were represented . -LRB- I happened to love PROPHECY as well -- the one with Christopher Walken as a lethal Angel Gabriel -RRB- and this picture reminded me of it . I thought Keanu Reeves was perfectly cast . A flawed hero . And his verbal exchanges with the the Supernatural Hosts were sharply funny and darkly witty.I give it a 4 because I thought there should have been more of a backstory to that Knife they found at the beginning of the film , that monster of bugs was too CGI and I could n't figure out about Hounsou 's special chair . Some memorable moments were the passwords you require to get into Hounsou 's bar , Lucifer 's whole scene ; the use of Holy Weaponry . The atmosphere of the picture gave me some idea of what its like to Be John Constantine . The person I saw this pic with was a Jesuit and he loved it . He 's buying the DVD because its so full of fascinating detail that only a Jesuit would appreciate -LRB- its apparently very popular at the seminary . -RRB- Whether or not it was faithful to the graphic novels it was adapted from , we were both delighted with this film and it stands on its own .
 Recieved movie quickly and it is in perfect condition . no complaints
 I know a lot of people really bagged on this movie but I thought it was very interesting with hell and everything . But I 'm just a Keanu fan . I think he 's a great actor . I think it is worth seeing
 Keanu Reeves redeems his repuatation , and gives a memorable performance with his portrayal of exorcist John Constantine , who makes sure that the demons in Hell , and the angles stay in Heaven . Rachel Weisz co stars as Angela Dawson a , how can i word this , customer of Constantine , whose twin sister commited suicide , and wants to find out the truth behind her sister 's death.The movie will keep you entertained right from the beginning exorcism scene , where COnstantine delivers what I consider a memorable line - `` This is Constantine . John Constantine . A ** hole . `` Reeve 's portrayal Constantine is very good , despite being different from the actual character from the Vertigo comic series . Weisz 's performace is very good , her best since `` Runaway Jury '' . The special effects are very good . The fight / battle sequences are well choreographed , and I can safely say that `` Constantine '' has a very different and interesting incarnation of Hell - a highway that looks like an atomic bomb was detonated there , rather than the standard firey cave.The movie is very well done , and is Reeve 's best since 1999 's `` The Matrix '' . If you are looking for an anti hero , or a good movie to watch on a Saturday night , then `` Constantine '' is it .
 Constantine is great fun , very light - do n't take it seriously or you 'll regret it . I love the main characters - Gabriel , Constantine , the Fixer with the fetish for bugs . The lead woman was a bit flat , and constantine was n't as colourful as in the comic ... partly due to Keanu 's limited acting range -LRB- ie `` woah ! '' -RRB- but also because he was adapted for US audiences.There are even serious plot issues ... why exactly is the fabulous christian artefact ... owned by the Nazis ... to be found in Mexico?But even despite its deficiencies , it 's still a lot of fun - packed with great action , powerful scenes and a wonderful moody feel . Even the cheesy shots seem to work - eg Satan gloating over Constantine 's imminent death , then receiving a finger for his trouble . and what a fantastic choice of casting that was ; -RRB- Watch it , but do n't think too deeply about it - it 's for fun , not study .
 Sorry , I do n't get all the bad reviews here about this film . `` Camp-fest ? '' No , not really . Not at all . Maybe that 's someone 's wishful thinking ? `` Juvenile lesson in pseudo-Catholic salvation ? '' Huh ? Methinks perhaps the movie hit too close to someone 's bone ? It 's an action thriller , and a very good one . Even the bad reviews about Keanu Reaves do n't make much sense to me . Yeah , it 's Neo again , and thank God , he 's not doing any Kung Fu this time . Those Matrix movies deteriorated from the first one into the most dismal action films of all time . I rate the third one as perhaps the worst movie of all time , so it was fine with me if the original Neo cool is resurrected out of that ashheap in a fresh new universe devoid of all that spinning-off-the-walls kick boxing . So what if it 's deadpan Keanu ? It works . This character is a man who understands that life and the emotions are ephemera and are to be experienced mostly for their desperate opportunity , and that redemption in the end is a very iffy proposition , so yeah , he 's not flexing the emotional muscle a lot-it 's not on his mind . When the movie was almost over , it suddenly occurred to me that no kiss had taken place . Wow , what a fantastic accomplishment that was and how great that Keanu did n't insist on one being written into the script ! That alone says something to me about Keanu as an actor . Do you think any of the other major male star 's agents would have let a pucker on Rachel 's thick blooms slip away ? No gratuitous romance ! Thank you ! I get enough of that everywhere else.On second thought , maybe I do understand the negative reactions and confusions of other viewers . You have to have some knowledge of the mythology that the Bible was initially built upon to understand the events in this movie -- although of course , that mythology has been transposed in this movie -- sometimes ridiculously as per the genre -- into a comic book situation with a comic book main character . In this day when , for good or for bad , most young Americans probably know more about the traditions and details of Star Trek than the details of the so-called great books of their culture , it should probably be no surprise that the clues to meaning in this film are completely unfathomed by perhaps the majority of its viewers . Many of the Judeo-Christian references are probably no more comprehensible to many , if not most viewers , than if the details were based upon the Indian Mahabharata.I found the film intriguing -- a really fascinating play with the Judeo-Christian mythology . I 've not read the comics , nor even seen them . Why would I need to ? This is a tight script . The universe of fallen angels and a uniquely redeemed mankind in a rigorously ruled chess match where some are trying to cheat . This is pure Book of Genesis undertext with Miltonian coloring . This is the universe that bred mainstream American Christian culture . Like I say , you need to be Biblically literate to understand it . The Book of Job would be a good place to start , and Genesis , of course . You might even start with Milton 's `` Paradise Lost . '' It 's all part of the Genesis `` myth '' as it has evolved to today . And then , there are a few details which come out of the `` popular '' mythology rather that the great book itself.Being familiar with the mythology , I found nothing confusing about this plot , and no wasted imagery . The special effects are spectacular . The direction is fine , and some of the acting absolutely superb . Tilda Swinton was a crisp delight as Gabriel -LRB- oh those wings ! -RRB- and Rachel Weisz , yes , she was great as everyone says , but Peter Stormare 's Satan was pure genius . People who think this film poorly directed should really study that Satan scene . That was a difficult character and very difficult scene to pull off successfully without flopping back on the stupid old overblown stereotype and required extreme precision by both actor and director to keep it original and as intense as it needed to be . Had a great , unexpected laugh in that scene too . Maybe Keanu 's not the best of actors . I do n't know , and would n't care . Maybe he 's the Gary Cooper of our day . Keanu carried me through this film from beginning to end and I enjoyed the whole trip , so he did a great job as far as I 'm concerned . I was captivated by this fresh fleshing out of the Genesis-Revelations myth , much the same as , say , I enjoy the fleshing out of the vampire myths by Anne Rice . It gave it a tactile , up to date reality . A mix of `` The Matrix , '' `` What Dreams May Come , '' `` The Sixth Sense , '' and `` The Omen . '' Terrific . Recommended for viewing pleasure .
 John Constantine is one character that you 'll have fun watching over and over . I own this dvd and I 'm glad I do . As many comic book fans probably already know John Constantine can be a man of mystery not just a man of the occult . He has many faces and shows in several different comic book plots in different forms . Overall , Constantine is a rough talking , rough riding , antihero we love to love . Is Constantine a villain or a hero ? I do n't think he fits into either category well because he 's a mixture of both yet contains something more than those choices can provide . In this movie , you see the hoodoo believing , demon destroying , antihero Constantine . Constantine just wants to go to heaven and be done with the perils and pains of earthly life but fears that only Hell awaits him . He committed suicide as a teenager because the so-called gift of seeing demons felt more like a train wreck through fire . So Constantine decided to end the whole mess and got a first class ticket to Hell where the fire seers you to a crispy corpse.Constantine was brought back only to forever remember the glimpse of hell . He even has a one way open invitation back to Hell as soon as he dies . Now that 's the kind of bargain no one wants . So Constantine basically spends most of his time sending demons back to Hell and fearing his beat down for doing it once he reaches Hell with them . His quirky sidekick Chas -LRB- who looks deceptively younger than he 's supposed to according to the comic books -RRB- is played by Shia Labeouf . Shia does a good job in here for the little screen time he has but he proves himself to be worth watching . Midnight played by Djimon Hounsou looks so cool ! He gives a great performance for his short screen time and adds a deeper flavor of coolness and masculine drive that powers the seriousness of the storyline home.I would suggest this movie for anyone who wants to see Keanu Reeves managing to make a decent Constantine . You wo n't be screaming in anger at this one , you 'll want to get those cool tattoos on Keanu 's forearms and chant , `` Into the light I command thee ! '' over and over . Most importantly watch this movie if you want to know how to go to Hell just to see what it looks like . Constantine will show you how to do it , it involves a cat , some water ... hmmm anyways , watch to find out .
 I thought this movie has an interesting concept and good special effects . Keanu Reeves 's weakness as an actor shines through a bit , but Rachel Weis is great and the plot is good enough even with him .
 Ok I understand this is a bad movie . The story is good , but keanu ... actually Ill cut the crap . I loved this movie , and this is the type of movie I would not be caught watching . It was smart , and keanus character was soo bad ass that well in the end it was very rewarding . Now the movie does not make a hell lot of sence -LRB- heh he h eheh get it hell lot of sence -RRB- but if you stop to think about it is not completly out of reach of understanding , just use your brain this is not your tipical action movie with no thoughts or feelings , like the movie I will be reviewing next , the fantastic 4 .
 Not that Reeves is a great actor ... never was , probably never will be ... but he does get parts in movies that I dont mind owning ... if i 'm gon na buy a dvd its gon na be something that I dont watch once every year or so.But what I really cant believe is that no catholic groups have been screaming bloody murder about the inverted cross shaped shotgun on the cover ... I dont remember if the movie poster had the same thing .
 What the heck are you people talking about . THis was one of the best movies that i 've ever seen . I 'm sorry but if you people were looking for some `` True to the Comics '' movie or some deep drama , read the synopsis before you see it . If you 're a fan of the Matrix , and the excorsist , you will love this movie . It had great effects and was another great add to Keanu 's resume .
 It 's a bit choppy , uneven , but overall it was entertaining . -LRB- If I want to be educated , I 'll watch a documentary . -RRB- I would have preferred 31/2 stars , but ca n't do it on Amazon . Tilda Swinton is always good , and is good here , if underutilized . Rachel Whatever was overpaid if she made more than $ 1 , the supporting cast was fun , Lucifer is not to be missed .
 I recommend this movie . I 've watched it lots of times . And everytime I watch it , I notice something I did n't see before . It 's an awesome movie !!!
 About the movie there are plenty reviews and comments here , no point me re-hashing . If your into the supernatural , occult or religeous dogma then you will get into the content . I liked it . The Blu Ray transfer was excellent plus . The extras was plenty including an alternate ending that didnt quite amount to much anyway . I paid $ 9.99 and was worth its dollars.If you found my words helpful to you in making your decision please vote on it . Thanks and pleasant viewing .
 AWESOME MOVIE ! I really enjoyed the flick . Though , I 'd have to say that this movie is definitely for those who have some understanding/interest in the supernatural.The devil was played beautifully ...
 I left this movie with tears in my eyes and love in my heart . The triumphant seven time Oscar winning genius Keanu Reeves plays Constantine , a rebel who fights stuff . He is a rebel who cares . For me . I now know that Heaven and Hell are real . Thanks Keanu for making me a believer ! I almost ca n't wait to die . Almost , because than I could n't watch anymore of your masterpieces . The 3D eye popping special effects really put me in he movie . I thought Satan was right next to me . Now he wo n't leave me alone . Constantine help me . Also , this movie is Bursting with super talent . This one girl says some really cool lines . Oh , and I ca n't forget that guy and oh man , he did the Coolest thing about half way through the movie . Keanu Reeves is , if I may say so , `` heaven '' sent . Get it ? The movie talks about heaven , and I just made a funny pun refrencing heaven . Clever right ? I do n't want to give anything away , but they all die . Twice . But , K. Rock is soo super that he keeps coming back to life with more talent each time . My favorite scence is where Keanu and his best fried Ted go into Hell and play board games with the Grim Reaper . Then , he goes back in time and picks up some wacky dudes and shenanagins insue . My second favorite part is where Conatantine is up on the roof and a bad guy tries to shoot him , but since he 's Keanu Reeves , he dodges all of the bullets . Then , he gets in a helicopter and saves his friend , the guy in Apocolyspe Now . Redux . Then , Constantine goes into the ghetto and teaches Satan 's minions how to play baseball . But not just any kind of baseball , no this is Hardball . After all that , he takes a nap . When he wakes up , he puts on his comedic game face and plays a wacky game of football . This is my least favorite part of the movie . Then , he dies . Last year , Keanu took home the Oscar for Best Person in general for the third year in a row . Oh ! I just remembered my other favorite scene ! So , Contsantine is riding a bus to go to work , to find some bad guys and stuff , and all of a sudden Miss Congeniality pops on the bus and starts to drive really slow . Constantine makes her do some `` radical '' jumps . The bus gets some mad crazy air . His best friend , Jim Carey 's best friend too , helps him out there somewhere , but Keanu Reeves does n't need a partner . He 's a rebel . He works alone . For me . After the coolest music video , Constantine warns us of the dangers of drinking and driving . Proving once again , that he a deep , thoughtfull human being . He 's doing it for the kids , not the money or fame . After watching Constantine , I imeditally went to church and enlisted to fight Satan , but they did n't give me a Constantine weapon . I feel that Constantine was a wonderful sequel to The Passion of the Christ . Not many people know this , but Keanu Reeves has a cameo in it , playing himself , God . The only problem I had with Constantine was that the credits did n't give Keanu enough credit . Ha ha there I go again . But seriously folks , uber genius Keanu wrote , directed , produced , stared , cimenagraphed , costume designed , pet/demon trained , edited , and choreoraphed the entire film . I must say , that after John Travolta 's Boy in the Plastic Bubble , another film about fighting Satan and stuff , this is the greatest film ever . You will feel honored to have seen this . Thank you Keanu , you truly touched me , and that was very nice of you . I appericate it . A lot . Seriously . You rock . Not kidding . Do n't ever change . Stay cool . Have a good summer , let 's hang out . Peace . Your B.F.F , Brandon Smith
 I left this movie with tears in my eyes and love in my heart . The triumphant seven time Oscar winning genius Keanu Reeves plays Constantine , a rebel who fights stuff . He is a rebel who cares . For me . I now know that Heaven and Hell are real . Thanks Keanu for making me a believer ! I almost ca n't wait to die . Almost , because than I could n't watch anymore of your masterpieces . The 3D eye popping special effects really put me in he movie . I thought Satan was right next to me . Now he wo n't leave me alone . Constantine help me . Also , this movie is Bursting with super talent . This one girl says some really cool lines . Oh , and I ca n't forget that guy and oh man , he did the Coolest thing about half way through the movie . Keanu Reeves is , if I may say so , `` heaven '' sent . Get it ? The movie talks about heaven , and I just made a funny pun refrencing heaven . Clever right ? I do n't want to give anything away , but they all die . Twice . But , K. Rock is soo super that he keeps coming back to life with more talent each time . My favorite scence is where Keanu and his best fried Ted go into Hell and play board games with the Grim Reaper . Then , he goes back in time and picks up some wacky dudes and shenanagins insue . My second favorite part is where Conatantine is up on the roof and a bad guy tries to shoot him , but since he 's Keanu Reeves , he dodges all of the bullets . Then , he gets in a helicopter and saves his friend , the guy in Apocolyspe Now . Redux . Then , Constantine goes into the ghetto and teaches Satan 's minions how to play baseball . But not just any kind of baseball , no this is Hardball . After all that , he takes a nap . When he wakes up , he puts on his comedic game face and plays a wacky game of football . This is my least favorite part of the movie . Then , he dies . Last year , Keanu took home the Oscar for Best Person in general for the third year in a row . Oh ! I just remembered my other favorite scene ! So , Contsantine is riding a bus to go to work , to find some bad guys and stuff , and all of a sudden Miss Congeniality pops on the bus and starts to drive really slow . Constantine makes her do some `` radical '' jumps . The bus gets some mad crazy air . His best friend , Jim Carey 's best friend too , helps him out there somewhere , but Keanu Reeves does n't need a partner . He 's a rebel . He works alone . For me . After the coolest music video , Constantine warns us of the dangers of drinking and driving . Proving once again , that he a deep , thoughtfull human being . He 's doing it for the kids , not the money or fame . After watching Constantine , I imeditally went to church and enlisted to fight Satan , but they did n't give me a Constantine weapon . I feel that Constantine was a wonderful sequel to The Passion of the Christ . Not many people know this , but Keanu Reeves has a cameo in it , playing himself , God . The only problem I had with Constantine was that the credits did n't give Keanu enough credit . Ha ha there I go again . But seriously folks , uber genius Keanu wrote , directed , produced , stared , cimenagraphed , costume designed , pet/demon trained , edited , and choreoraphed the entire film . I must say , that after John Travolta 's Boy in the Plastic Bubble , another film about fighting Satan and stuff , this is the greatest film ever . You will feel honored to have seen this . Thank you Keanu , you truly touched me , and that was very nice of you . I appericate it . A lot . Seriously . You rock . Not kidding . Do n't ever change . Stay cool . Have a good summer , let 's hang out . Peace . Your B.F.F , Brandon Smith
 Constantine will not be understood by many people because the subtlties in the movie are what really explain it . The way the half-breeds eyes glow with a little tiny circle in their pupils , the way that the movie throws in pieces of dialogue or charcters that seem like throwaways -LRB- like Gabriel -RRB- come back when you least expect it.It 's these defining traits that make Constantine a movie worth viewing in the context of a great action-horror ride , or in the context of trying to think about the way that the movie does n't explain itself through words -LRB- although they do sometimes have to explain things -RRB- , but through the action of the characters.Like Constantine quits smoking by , after he builds the holy shotgun , shooting the pack of cigarettes . You hear him say , `` Oh , I decided to quit . `` Constantine should be seen by all . -LRB- Only if you fans of the graphic novels give it a chance , judge it as a movie ! Not as something based on something , as a movie ! -RRB-
 first of all , i do n't know why people say this movie did n't make sense , i completely understood it . second of all , i do n't know why people say they could n't stay awake , the movie is n't slow at all . the excorscism secne was so different from other films too . i liked this film so much that i went to the cinema twice to watch it . Keanu Reeves was not wrongly cast , his performance IS believable , as is Rachel W 's . Lucifer delivers a grea performance also . this is a good film because it 's not the typical mainstream , it 's dark , different , and intelligent . the effects are beautiful especially on the angels . there is 1 negative thing to say about the effects , there is a scene where Keanu fights with a demon who seems to be in the form of insects , that is the only scene where i thought the effects lacked a realistic quality . i think some people did n't like this film because it was different , which is why i loved it . i advise anyone who like to break away from the mainstream to see it , because it 's not a light hearted , happy go lucky movie . there are a few funny parts in this film though , which makes it all the better.as for sin city , another comic based film , it was terrible , it lacked sunstance and a story , visually beautiful , but everything else was horrible . i only say this becasue in other reviews , constantine has been compared to it . in sin city , it seems all the director wanted to do for 2 and a half hours was to just shoot usually naked or half naked women . this may be why so many males liked it , which is a bit pathetic . there is no plot , it was such a waste of time.Constantine
 I guess I 'll begin with an admission . I moderately enjoyed the film when I first saw it even though I went to see it with someone who really did n't like it . But then a strange thing happened . Usually after I see a `` worthless '' film , I forget it within a week . However this did not happen with Constantine . I found myself thinking of some of the scenes even weeks after seeing the film . So it is a film that has stuck with me , and that indicates it has something special . I gather from the reviews that it appears to be a love it or leave it movie . I would be interested if the movie has `` stayed with '' any of the `` leave it '' group . For me , however , I have slowly fallen in the `` love it '' category , and I 'm looking forward to the DVD .
 firstly , i saw this title three times , maybe that helps a bit to rate constantine as a film , not as adaptation or matrix-cover , bible-movie . its a sarcastic occultism-crime-thriller with some horror elements . what i thought about that , only watching the movie itself without any other thing in this world.-overall fresh ideas-surprising interesting story , what seems lacking , but just need time and a bit logic thinking to let unfold itself and let you solve it in your mind . i for my part was not often surprised by other storys , except maybe wild things or something revalant to that.-atmospheric dark world , which i liked very well , i was intrigued by it , because it looked real but on the other hand mystic and spooky.-antihero character , who dont cares much about the saving of the world , a very depressive one with hidden under coldness has a pure heart , but not so shematic like other characters.-bodylanguage of all characters . they were described , just not the conventional way . i liked it this way , not so overwritten/described as in other films . i find them very interesting and want to get know them more.-visuals ; detailed , atmospheric desing of places , objects , clothes , whole appereance , cool camera effects , stills and colors.-computer effects , which were not so important , just for showing very plastic monsters , a very paintinglike hell and some cool effects.-mostly realistic , lifelike , interesting dialogues , also not too describing.-sarcasm
 I am dying to see this film , why ca n't it be out in the UK now and not just the states : - -LRB-
 God versus Satan , Good versus Evil . With a really really good cast , good special effects and an interesting story line
 Apparently I make up for the lesser group that likes this sort of shlocky action films that tie the occult to noir . I am not saying it 's the greatest film ever made , but it seems to vibe with all of my likes . There are terrible moments to be sure mostly because Keanu can only project a sort of dazed reaction to everything . But who does n't like a wise-cracking , gun toting , snarky jackass saving the world from Satan 's reign once in a while ?
 My husband wanted this for Christmas and he loved it . Ten more words are required so here they are . Take that , tips and guidelines robot !
 great movie my husband loved it he has been looking this movie so when he opened it he immediately stopped what he was doing and watched it . l way to go
 digital movies are perfect and easy to use ! They take up no space on the bookshelf and are always with you !!!
 Has good special effects.Not one of Keanu Reeves best performances , but the story and other casts made the movie worth watching .
 I first saw this back in 2005 . I watched it again . The story line never drug it 's feet . It was interesting plot and unfolded well . I like Keanu Reeves . He played this part well .
 Both disks were severely scratched upon receipt , but I 've played both discs and not skips or problems . Would 've rated 5 stars if discs were not scratched . Movie and extras are great !
 I loved this movie , great action and mystery and so convenient on Amazon prime Instant Video , I highly recommend this video .
 The movie catches your attention from the start , never dull and just full of good effects like others
 Good story with well-conceived ending . Very nice performance by both leads -LRB- as well as sizzling sexual tension between them -RRB- , with Keanu Reeves bringing an inherent decency to an embittered , conflicted character . MUCH more internal story-logic and more literate script than one is accustomed to seeing in action or supernatural films , with a lovely dry wit and some delightful touches . An underrated gem .
 Constantine is an excellent and very refreshing movie ; the plot is strong and good , the acting is fine , and the atmosphere and special effect done very skillfully . In the flood of recent movie production this title stands out - it does n't need to catch your attention with streams of blood and gore as it became nearly mandatory and so common these days.John Constantine is a full-time exorcist who takes on evil forces with great experience and talent . He was born with skills to be able to see the dark forces ; in the childhood he regrettably attempted a suicide - a mortal sin that prevents him to enter heaven when he dies - so he dedicates his life to fight the dark forces , and also hopes that his achievements may help him to reopen his way to heaven . Anyway , during what seems to be a routine `` service call '' to treat a possessed girl , he encounters one of the unusual and more dangerous demons that are not supposed to be normally entering our world - and John Constantine senses that something bigger is up ... his judgment proves right , and John has full hands to deal with the upcoming and quickly worsening situation ... The strong part of this movie is the way how supernatural matters are presented here - sort of everyday ' bread , casual stuff , and with certain dark humor underlying it - the exorcist takes himself half seriously , he 's a chain smoking guy , he does his job but he 's not the real `` hero '' , he 's more of a guy to do the job when needed and as he sees it fit . The instruments of his trade and tricks he uses in his profession are `` casual '' as well and include a cat & bucket of water or an electric chair as travel devices to hell , his weaponry includes custom cast bullets , flamethrower built from crucifix , holy water sprayed directly or dispersed through the fire sprinkler system ... I watched this movie twice few months apart and enjoyed it both times while being able to catch more story details during the second viewing.I 'm not familiar with the comic book Hellblazer , the movie is all I 'm reviewing here . Constantine appears to be rated very poorly by many reviewers around here - I think the movie is well underrated , and I 'm giving it full 5 stars that it in my opinion deserves .
 I ca n't get why people review this particular item with 2 - and 3-star reviews . I mean , Keanu Reeves had already established himself as a great actor in The Matrix trilogy , while of course Rachel Weisz was the main reason that many people went to see the movie in the first place . It was a great movie ; I loved it.Keanu Reeves plays John Constantine , an ex-cop who believes that he is the only one who can stop an invasion of demons from taking over the world - and it helps that he can actually see the demons . This movie contains a lot of supernatural material , the main reason why I saw this movie in the first place -LRB- besides Rachel Weisz , of course -RRB- , seeing as I love supernatural thrillers.Constantine 's main focus is on helping skeptical policewoman Angela Dodson -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- to solve the mysterious suicide of her twin sister -LRB- also played by Weisz -RRB- , and their investigation takes them through the world of demons and angels that exists just beneath the landscape of contemporary Los Angeles . Caught in a catastrophic series of otherworldy events , the two become inextricably involved and seek to find their own peace at whatever cost . Constantine takes many trips to hell and back by going through a body of standing water -LRB- i.e. his bathtub , a pan of water -RRB- . There are also many sequences of demonic activity and language that almost makes a sailor blush , but I still loved this movie.Once again , I complain that Amazon 's review system only goes up to 5 stars ; otherwise , this would be much higher-rated . Definitely recommended for fans of sci-fi or horror movies .
 I for one actually quite enjoyed this movie . I agree that you are going to either like or hate this type of movie full of CGI the old worn out good versus evil plot and an actor in Reeves who is hated as much as he is admired . I for one am in the first group and think he does very interesting movies that suit his acting style and the characters he likes to play . Constatine is loosely based on a poupular comic book about a man with a special gift who is trying to redeem himself in order to get into heaven . Along the way he meets a detective who badly wants to avenge her twin sisters death and they work together batteling evil with allot of interesting characters on the side . I think critics of this movie took it too seriously . Purists think it ripped the comic book off when in fact it makes me interested in tracking it down . Second the Heaven versus Hell plot while done a million times is done well here with a few viewpoints I can actually find intriguing . The special effects are excellent and the pacing of the movie was good as it was n't too short like some of Fox 's horrendous adaptations of comics like Daredevil -LRB- which got saved by a GREAT director 's cut -RRB- and Elektra . I enjoyed this movie even if the subject matter is a little tiresome to some I found it to be fun . Shine on !
 Okay , There are clearly a large number of Keanue anti-fans out there . That said , I actually liked this movie . Not as much as the first Matrix , but more than the second & third!The storyline and the effects were good , and the supporting actors/actresses were great -- notably , Weisz , Gabriel , and Lucifer . I thought the final conflict involving Reeves , Weisz , Gabriel & Lucifer was top-notch . The resolution was also very creative . I agree there were a few `` rough edges , '' but if you can suppress your inner-critic for a couple of hours , you can enjoy this film .
 First of all , I have n't read the comics at all , so I do n't know how it matches up to those . Nonetheless , this is one of my favorite movies.It has action , drama , even a little romance plus great characters -LRB- acted well , too -RRB- and some far-out cultish creatures , symbols , and history . It 's just one of those movies that is so in-depth you can really see this other world the author -LRB- of the comic -RRB- and directors have created.Definietly worth watching again and again . As for the extras , the second disk is very good , especially the part on `` Constantine Cosmology '' -LRB- I enjoyed because Constantine is related to the Hero Cycle of Joseph Campbell , if you are familiar as I am in my learning of mythology -RRB- . The comic is just the first one , and not the entire series , and interesting to see .
 I really liked this movie . From what I 'm hearing , that 's probably because I did n't read the comic book -LRB- or even know there WAS a comic book -RRB- . Comic fans were pissed that they did n't cast a blond haired British guy in the title role , and many considered Keanu a bastardization of the source material . Well , tough . That 's why it 's called `` Constantine '' and not `` Hellblazer . '' It 's not meant to be a direct translation of a comic book.Constantine has a `` gift '' to see demons walking among men . Because of something he did early in his life , he 's forever damned to go to hell . He 's concocted a plan to send demons back to hell in order to gain the good graces of heaven , but after years of trying to redeem his soul , he has tacitly acknowledged it 's a lost cause . Keanu does a good job of portraying a guy who knows he 's going to hell and is now just going through the motions . Constantine is a sorry individual - and Keanu 's deadpan and morose delivery is spot on . The movie has some of the best scenes of hell that I 've ever seen and the story really works . I was actually so into this movie that I DID go out and buy the comic books - first ones I 'd bought since I was a kid . The shot framing , lighting , and dialogue are all very film noir , which makes for something different than most other movies coming out lately . I dug it.Anyway , just thought others might like the opinion of someone who 's not obsessed with the source material . I just hated reading all those negative reviews when the movie was a heck of a lot better than what they 're saying .
 A fun romp if you are n't a religious fanatic in which case the liberties taken by the story will probably offend you . Constantine is a Magus who does good deeds for completely selfish reasons in order to clean his slate of sins to get into heaven . So , he primarliy acts as an exorcist to the demonic spirits that try to break the balance of power between god and satan.Lucifer is played very well and will give you a laugh or two with his interaction with Constantine.Fans of Mage , Ars Magica , or other roleplaying games will probably enjoy the cosmology and the cool visual effects of Constantine employing his magic against the denizens of Hell .
 Did n't see this listed but if you put the supplimental disc in an X-box you can play the Constantine video game .
 I enjoyed this movie , and there are n't many recently I can say that about . I have n't read the Hellblazer comics so I do n't have to struggle with loyalty to cannon , I understand how deviations can be irriating , but just on its own merits I found Constantine to be greatly entertaining . It gets 5 stars because it is the only movie I 've seen in the theatre in the last 6 months I did n't regret paying for .
 I 'm really baffled why everyone thinks this movie was quite so bad . Keanu Reeves does a fine job of playing exactly what the character was . There are some places where I would have liked to know a lot more . My hope is that perhaps the dvd edition will include some deleted scenes or an ext version . Its not a bad movie despite these odd reviews . If you were expecting another matrix perhaps ... / shrug
 This is a really good movie despite what many people are saying . I hear a lot of complaining that this movie is weighed down by Keanu Reeves and that it is a matrix rip-off . These are absolutely not true . Keanu is not that bad of an actor and it certainly does not weigh the movie down . As for this movie being a rip-off of the matrix , I do n't know where to begin with that . There are absolutely no similarities other than the fact that they both star keanu and at one point he has a gun . This movie is n't even action-packed , that 's not to say there 's no action , but it 's just not very common . On the plus side this movie is very true to the feel of the comics and has an excellent story . The character of Constantine is just like in the comics -LRB- even though he is n't british in this -RRB- This movie is very interesting , exciting to watch , and darkly comic -LRB- ha ha -RRB- . All in all do n't listen to all the whiny people nitpicking the movie . It is very good and deserves a viewing . Stay after the credits for a bit more of the story .
 I 've read the comics and seen the movie many times . i do n't care about their similarities nor their differences . all i care is that they were both entertaining enough to keep me coming for more . I loved the majority of this movie and even with gigantic plot holes i still found this movie to be a wonderful use of cinimatics.in the theatre , this movie got hammered by the critics and aparently tons of people did n't like it either . I could n't figure out why until i thought about the fact that i 'm not religious and many people had problems with the overly-Catholic tone . Oh well , it has a Catholic background , it 's still fun to watch.Constantine 's witty dry sense of sarcasm drew me in from the beginning because i just love that in characters and the only sarcastic character i think i like better is House , from the TV show.i know this movie is n't for everyone , but if you have an open mind to all things magic , you will probably like this , unless the Catholic background throws you off . This movie only follows Catholic mythology so far , then takes it 's own twists -LRB- I.E. Half-breeds -RRB- . Personally , i thought it was great that someone could use the angel/devil mythology in a different way . A little originality goes a long way.The hell scenes were quite possibly the best part -LRB- visually -RRB- to me in this movie . Those scenes just added a little extra flavor to a movie i would have liked anyway , but sent it to the top . I hope Keanu Reeves recieves more roles that would suit him well like this one .
 I have been kicking and screaming about this adaptation of Hellblazer . I read and liked the the comic books for quite a while - a couple years - and Keanu as John and Calif instead of England seemed like abominations.I got over that in about 5 minutes . If you can take the movie on its own merits , it 's great . Although Keanu 's character is n't John -LRB- I wish they 'd just named him something else -RRB- the universe he plays in is faithful to the comic book 's universe , as best I remember it.I did n't have any problem with the acting . I loved Tilda Swinton 's Gabriel . I loved Lucifer . Rachel Weisz 's characters left me indifferent but not so much that I thought about it during the movie . There was n't really anyone I did n't enjoy.If you enjoy watching the chaos and ambiguity of light vs. dark , go watch this movie !
 SINGLE DISC DVD : -LRB- 19 july 2005 -RRB- The Film is awesome.Sound is great , and the film is a superb watch . Extras are at a minimum on the single disc version . I plan to get the double disc version ASAP . But being able to watch again the superb sequences in this horror film is great . Some people define horror as `` Slash/gore/hack '' etc , but a series of great supernatural elements are worked out in this film . The layers in the film are manifold , and they repay additional watching.I still find the book that came out to be the best explanation of the background in the film.The criticism of the film as a `` Bad Adaptation '' of the comic is just silly ... this is a film , the comic is the comic.The characters are defined very well . Both `` John '' and the detective are world weary characters who are trying to resolve issues in their lives.The best element on the supernatural side is the detail ... its damn near perfect . Hopefully the two disc version will have some extra cool stuff as well . ************************************* I have been waiting for this film ever since I saw the first trailers in 2004 . And I was definitely NOT disappointed.It is an absolutely great rollercoaster ride , and all the edgy bits just flow together superbly , and Keanu proves once again he can deliver the goods.The film works brilliantly script wise , and brings in many supernatural ideas , that are articulated well thanks to great FX . Rachel Weisz is definitely a great choice for the role she fulfills.As a literally World weary specialist in the occult , Keanu takes us through a journey to hell and back.For myself , I found this film to be more visceral than cerebral , in a very positive way . If you really need some explanation of what has happened , I can highly recommend the book tie-in , but read AFTER you see the movie . You will not be disappointed .
 `` Constantine '' is an unusual spiritual film , which portrays frightening demons and serene angels in a world where heaven and hell are unquestionable realities . John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- is an expert in demonology and occult matters . He performs exorcisms and is all too familiar with hell and non-Earthly entities . The special effects are amazing in showing all sorts of demons and John 's battles with them.The movie incorporates some details of the legendary spear of destiny , which is an actual artifact . The spear pierced the side of Jesus Christ , is what actually killed Him , and not the crucifixion itself . The film plays on the idea that the spear point is recovered in the ruins of an old church in Mexico wrapped in a Nazi flag -LRB- Hitler did in fact seize the artifact from a museum -RRB- . The story goes whoever holds the spear can control the fate of the world.Between the spear being found , and increase in demon activity on Earth , and John trying to send the demons back to hell , we have a woman . The woman is a twin , whose sister was either killed by demonic forces or committed suicide . As the sister had a gift and could see things others could not -LRB- various spirits without bodies -RRB- , she was thought of as strange her whole life . This resulted in her being institutionalized , which is no real surprise as psychiatrists are really nothing more than keepers of those society would rather not deal with or sadly enough , those with a different reality . John tries to help her figure out what really happened to her twin as the fate of the world , as well as his future , all depends on it , even if he does not realize it at the time . `` Constantine '' is a very creative film and interestingly enough , based on a comic book ; I would highly recommend it for those looking for a truly unusual spiritual thriller .
 Constantine is a movie that I believe you will have to be a genre fan to enjoy . There are several inside jokes and pokes at other sci-fi movies , not to mention comic book theology.On the whole , the movie does take itself seriously , but I believe that 's what makes it so campy and fun.After the movie was over , I spent my time watching the 2nd disk commentary , and then watched it again . As you can tell from what I 'm writing , I enjoyed it.But as I said in the title of my review , you 're either going to love it or you 're going to hate it . If you 're a sci-fi/religious fan , I 'd recommend it . If you 're a general audience type person who wants to know what the hubbub is all about , you might not necessarily enjoy it as much.Is Keanu Reeves ' performance as monotone as it is in every flick he does ? Sure . Does it really detract from a fun movie ? I do n't think so.I give it 4 stars , because frankly it 's not a perfect flick by any stretch . But it 's good popcorn fare , and the special effects are absolutely KILLER.I hope you enjoyed my review .
 You have got to be kidding me with the earlier reviews . this movie was very good . It 's not Oscar winning but entertaining to say the least . This movie provides interesting storyline and great special effects . I do n't really think it was set out to be some `` exorcist '' type horror film . Whatever you do watch it . It 's more than worth it .
 The title really says it all . Constantine is not a movie I expected to be good - and to be honest , the first time I saw it , I thought it was merely amusing.But then I discovered that the characters and storyline stick with you . REALLY , really stick with you.The plot is a bit predictable , but there are twists that even I did not see coming . The character of Constantine , while not faithful to the comic , is a very good one - he 's delightfully bitter , resigned , and yet at the same time determined to beat fate.Gabriel is just completely screwy.Balthazaar and all the other characters make things fun as the story developes . It 's definitely worth watching , and I hope that the extra scenes and alternate endings of the soon to be released DVD do it justice !
 I 've never read the Hellblazer comic , so fans looking to compare the two can move on.Are they gone ? Okay , let 's talk about religion.I suspect a lot of folks did n't like this movie because they did n't understand it . And the viewers who did understand it are probably offended by it . Appreciating the film requires a pretty good grasp of pop-theology and Roman Catholicism , a combination you do n't find in many people besides gamers.John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- is a former suicide that has been given another chance to walk amongst the living . Like most pulp heroes , John is a chain smoker . The twist here is that all the supposedly harmless smoking is a symbol of John 's temptation by the vices of the flesh
 First , let me encourage anyone seeing this film to stay until the very end of the closing credits . Yes , there is a bit of an add on at the very tail . Walk out early and you 'll miss it.I have to start off by confessing that I have never read any of the Hellrazer comics , so I had no prior expectations going into this film . My experience of the film , therefore , will necessarily be different from those who had contesting conceptions of John Constantine . All in all , I very much enjoyed this movie , though with a couple of major reservations.First , the good . This is a great looking film , with a host of superb special effects and sets . The Los Angeles of the film is very much the same Los Angeles of TV 's ANGEL , dark , dingy , inelegant , the antithesis of the L.A. of Randy Newman 's video `` I Love L.A. '' I liked the basic premise of the film
 Already watch and it was GREAT ! I have been looking for this for a while ! Thanks so much ! It was a pleasure doing business with you !
 This is an excellant video because you actually follow the band on tour . Great music and videos plus personal interviews with Roland , Curt and Ian . This is a must for a true fan !
 tears for fears-scenes from the big chair is an awesome way to really listen to their music , by capturing THEIR moments . Tears for fears are a classic band with genius music and this video shows their genius in action .
 This episode of Travelscope was truly amazing ! I could n't believe all the wildlife that was spotted , animals ranging from zebras to lions to elephants . Joe really gives you a sense of being there.Alexander
 I 've always enjoyed listneing to The Kinks . More so it is the captivating and hypnotising lyrics found between the grooves of their recordings . `` Return To Waterloo '' sets the mood -LRB- as found throughout the lyrics by Ray Davies -RRB- as real , honest , dark , touching , twisted , and riveting . This movie I think is more then a simple rock opera or film but also a part of Ray which he gracefully chooses to let us explore . The film takes us on a trip with a man on his way to work and the many strange encounters he is subject too . The music is as usual enticing and true to what Ray Davies as always been to me ; a great storyteller . I have been searching for this gem for over ten years and am now priviledged to own this wonderful film . To all Kinks and Ray Davies fans ... . Do n't go without this one .
 Return to Waterloo is a terrific soundtrack but a somewhat strange , artsy movie . The second part of the DVD consists of late '80s Kinks videos
 * Return to Waterloo * is a really good example of a strange film genre that appeared briefly in the 80 's and then sadly disappeared
 return to waterloo-by raymond davies-legendary kinks-proves to showcase a genius at best . the movie presents us with an everyday businessman-working classman-who lives day in and day out thru mystery , fantasy , and regrets . . all taking place on train -LRB- waterloo station -RRB- with a great soundtrack of kinks -LRB- rays own -RRB- songs . a definate must watch for movie goers and fans alike .
 `` Return to Waterloo '' is an hour-long music video featuring a number of Kinks songs and a storyline about an average , well-off Englishman . A feeling of possible impending horror is created by repeated newspaper images of a rapist on the loose , a man who closely resembles the hero of the story . However , the story never really pulls together . We follow our alienated hero is he ponders a young love and thinks about his wife back home . He boards a London commuter train and finds himself next to a group of people who represent different social tendencies in 1980s Britain - some business types , some old folks reminiscing , and some hooliganish young punks , one of whom is played by Tim Roth . The characters prance around , and sometimes it makes for very enjoyable viewing , but what is it really all about?In part 2 , `` Come Dancing with the Kinks '' , you can watch several music videos of Kinks Klassiks or kontemporary 80s songs . Some of these make for good viewing , such as the funny `` Predictable '' , or `` Come Dancing '' , a story-song in the Davies tradition . There is also a nice live version of `` Lola '' which has R.D. all hyped up and running around the stage.Take a look if you like . If you are new to Kinksdom , check out some of their 60s classics first , like the albums `` Face to Face '' or `` Something Else '' . If you are already a fan -LRB- like me -RRB- you will probably get something out of this , and you may even want to forge ahead and read Ray Davies 's `` unauthorized autobiography '' titled `` X-Ray '' .
 `` Return to Waterloo '' seems something of an indulgence . The mid-life crisis theme is murky but the feeling is unmistakeable . The Ray Davies magic comes through . `` Come Dancing '' is a compilation of '80s music videos giving ample evidence that Davies is one of the world 's great entertainers.If they 're not already in your collection on VHS , you 'll want to have this one .
 Great hits from one of the greatest bands of all time-THE KINKS ! Shipped on time , thank you . Hard to find DVD of RETURN TO WATERLOO . Has great songs in this movie ! Acting is top notch . Get your copy now from our friends at AMAZON !
 return to waterloo-by raymond davies-legendary kinks-proves to showcase a genius at best . the movie presents us with an everyday businessman-working classman-who lives day in and day out thru mystery , fantasy , and regrets . . all taking place on train -LRB- waterloo station -RRB- with a great soundtrack of kinks -LRB- rays own -RRB- songs . a definate must watch for movie goers and fans alike .
 i borrowed a copy form teh library nad I think it is very practical . It uses a translation technique . Like Hola means Hello ... and it covers a few basic phrases like I am hot , n the parts fo the body . I like it for my kids -LRB- elemnetary -RRB- to reinforce their Spanish .
 I was not really sure how this movie was going to play , but it is a thriller and it did keep me on the edge of my seat -- I would probably even watch it a second time -- that 's saying a lot for me.BUT , do yourself a favor and buy it used on amazon marketplace or rent it ...
 This is pretty sandard fare as fare as far as ` made for tv ' goes . I enjoyed it , and is better than some of the other ones I 've seen .
 I never go into my icky bug looking for scientific fact , but in the case of Polar Storm , they went over the top with ridiculous science and mechanics . Do I care ? Not really . However , in this case , some of the holes in the story I noticed because they hit me over the head.First off , when the waves of the electronic field hit , turning off all power should prevent everything from getting fried . Not really , but I could have accepted that if they had made it a bit more realistic . Any car built from the 80 's on has a computer in it . The newer models have even more complex computers . What they all have in common is that just because you shut the ignition off , does n't mean everything is off . The computer is still idling unless you disconnect the battery . They did n't do this . Guess what ? After the surge , they would n't be able to turn the car back on because the computer is fried . And , what about the digital clock ? That should have zapped everyone in the front seat . And the only way to completely kill power in cell phones and I-pods is to disconnect the battery.Next is the trusty old Russian diesel submarine . They have 24 hours to travel from California to the Mariannas Trench . That would take a diesel sub at least a week or more , if they run on the surface and do n't have bad weather . Not only that , but to run so deep they would be dodging volcanic vents is not only dumb , but beyond the depth range of the sub . Even though it is a relatively antique sub , unless they had ALL power down during one of the surges , they are just as susceptible to the electronic surges as anyone . I guess they were not near one of the polar nexus points and got away with it.As a side note , when they sent that bomber to drop the nukes , I would think the pilots would have enough sense to avoid the plotted nexus points so they would n't fall out of the sky . Also , when a plane loses power , it does n't blow up and neither would the nukes it 's carrying . That brings up the question of how the sub , which had to travel several thousand miles in 24 hours , managed to dodge the nexus points.Another thing . The Mariannas Trench is 31,000 feet -LRB- plus change -RRB- deep . The max depth of the modern nuclear sub is about 2,400 feet . An antique diesel would be even less , probably half that . Even the volcanic vents they were dodging are much deeper than that.Finally let 's talk about the nukes themselves . The hero has to set the timers in them . He opens a flimsy access plate that has -LRB- I just happened to notice -RRB- , no rubber seal around the edges . Not only that , it would have to be several inches thick to be able to withstand the depth of the Mairannas Trench . That timer would have shorted out the second they depressurized the chamber used to drop it out of the sub.Does all this bother me ? Not really . I noticed it , yeah , but the movie , as a whole was thoroughly enjoyable . In fact , I even got a kick out of laughing at the wacky science and mechanics . What kept it from five stars was that they never even tried to make it plausible . Most icky bug movies do n't worry much about the real science , but it is n't as blatant as it was in this one . Still recommended .
 the movie was all right , would n't pay anymore than i did for it , overall it was entertaing , for simple minds
 This is a really good movie . I like science fiction movies . This is a well acted movie Polar storm is worth watching .
 I 'm a geologist and a Sci Fi Channel movie fan . And I found Polar Storm to be a solid geological movie . In fact it 's one of my favorite natural disaster movies ! It 's got solid scientific substance even though some of it may have been stretched a little , and it 's entertaining and keeps you hooked in . As a geologist , I enjoyed all the geological references , and yes , there was some stretching of the truth , but there was still quite a bit of solid science!I do n't know how many of you know that most Sci Fi movie concepts come from real life scientific facts and the concepts are not as out there as we think they are . Next time you are watching a Sci Fi movie that you think is out there , look up the general concept on the internet and see if there is any truth in the real world . I would be willing to bet that 90 % of Sci Fi movie concepts are based on real life things . Just about all the virus movies , space movies and geological movies are based on things that are already a reality or could happen and scientist are concerned about.Anyway , Polar Storm is a good movie considering it 's a Sci Fi Channel movie and it 's worthwhile to see . You ca n't beat the price either !
 I thought this was a very good movie . It held my attention thoughout the movie and it was just a good as movies of this sort . An enjoyable way to spend a couple of hours .
 Very well done . I 've been hoping for years that someone would work on documenting motion for artists , and this begins to fit the need . It 's short , and it could have offered much more , but it is worth the money .
 All of the videos in this series are excellent in the way the material is presented and explained . Great learning tool . My DVD was skipping and not playing sections I returned it and the company sent me a perfect copy.I view it once a week and I refer students to look at it during class time . The only aspect I do n't like is the fact that you can only see one segment at a time . You can not view the entire contents with one push of play.The contents can be seen only from the menu .
 This really breaks down human movement in a clear and concise format . You can really see what the human body does when it 's moving ... like leaning to one side when carrying a heavy box . The stop action video really catches everything . I found it very useful .
 Anatomy for Artists
 I ca n't believe we found it on DVD . Always a VHS favorite when my children were little , now we can enjoy it again . It came quickly and in excellent condition . Thank you .
 This is a fun story especially to be shared with children . -LRB- We had seen it before , but wanted our own copy . -RRB-
 Gasaraki is a futuristic , war-time tale utilizing `` mechas '' ; or `` Tactical Armor '' , as the weapon du jour . Gasaraki is an unfolding type of story whereas plot points are doled out sparingly and new characters are introduced frequently . Think war epics from the 1960 's with dozens of movie stars as an example.It is refreshing to see an anime that strives to be adult in a more geo-political and character driven way rather than by the over use of sex . The writers here worked very hard to create a refreshing storyline that creates a multitude of conflicts rather than focusing on a simple conflict as most animes do.The plots are many encompassing not just the war , the politics , and social interaction but Japanese spiritual themes are included as well . A heavy use of Shinto religious themes and icons gives the story a mystical edge.The story plays out by immersing the audience into the conflict by showing it from different points of view . You see this war from the media point of view , such as a `` live CNN-like '' report from the front lines with its grainy footage and color commentary , from the Generals ' war room , from within the Tactical Armor itself , and the `` mecha 's '' support crew as well.The Character design is very good , especially the hardware though one particular annoying choice the designers made was the use of long hair on a particular `` Tactical Armor '' pilot . You have a story line here that rarely dissapoints and takes military and political protocol as accurately as it can but a particular T.A. pilot has hair that is way too stylized for the type of detailed story . This could be my particular quirk but it bothered me that his fellow crew and mostly every other soldier had military looking short hair.The english Dub is very good . Generally speaking the actors did an above average job . The DVD interface is hassle free though I wish they would of included more extras.A final point that frustrated me about Gasaraki is the animation frame rate . At times it can be to static or the walk cycles can be choppy . Obviously the budget was spent on the designers , actors , and director rather than the `` in between artists '' . This is a must see anime but do n't expect it be flawless , just expect to be entertained .
 I am finding the series very interesting . But it does have it 's flaws . The plot as to what is really going on is very slow in being shown.There was a little more character development in these episodes which was good and alot more action . This series is far from perfect . But it is interesting enough to warrant veiwing .
 After the new TAs known as Fakes arrive on the scene , a batle starts and ends in a sand storm . That fight is continued later in the episode as the team of TAs walk right into the Fakes ' trap . The battle concludes leaving the TAs with a sample of the Fakes . The second episode is even more intense as the JSSDF scuries to get the TAs out of Belgistan , but then Yushiro runs off again to see Miharu . Miharu and Yushiro become targets of Symbol , but get rescued by a man named Phantom . Phantom gives them a place to stay and Yushiro gets picked up . The crew of the JSSDF takes off back to Japan and are then forced to take on Armekistan aircrafts with a TA latched to a steel teather . Seeing Captain Ataka trying to talk in English was a very funny part of the subtitled version . There is a lot of funny stuff on this tape that you can only get in the subtitled version . If you can afford it , get it . Its worth it . Action , intrique and little bits of humor . The perfect show .
 Now this is interesting because not only does one get more episodes of a cool series , Amazon.com seems to be secretly offering sub VHS editions even after ADV has announced the cancellation of sub VHS Gasaraki releases . Yes ! Amazon.com rules !
 I have seen both DVD , and both are excellent . The animation is perfect , they do n't miss any detail and the robots are the best . The characters are very similar to REI and Shinji , but I do n't have nothing against that . The giant Robots meet in combat and also the characters , and we have the first image of the `` TERROR '' -LRB- KUGAI -RRB- . I recomend this DVD because of the cuality of the anime , the story and the development of the series is extremly exciting .
 This is a great series , but like most anime , builds to climax near the end of the series . In this DVD there is some action but as usual , not all of the characters have shown themselves yet . So the final battle is not till much later in the series . this dvd still has fighting in it , but you might want to watch the later ones to see the better battles . its a great series and u should watch all the way through in order to get the full effect .
 This is the second installment in the soon to be long running series , Gasaraki . The previous review seemed to be comparing this particular volume to future episodes of the anime . Well , I have n't seen future episodes and can only base it on what I see now . True , Gasaraki is n't packed full of action sequence , after action sequence . But what it is packed full of is a deep and intricate plot . Within the current stage of anime , we see plots that have had crappy cliched story lines and bubbly characters that almost none of us can actually relate to -LRB- there just kind of funny to watch -RRB- . Gasaraki takes a giant step away from this premise and has a deep , serious , and engaging story line . If there 's not mechs or tanks duking it out on screen . Your watching the characters interact and watching how this interesting plot begins to unfold . Despite the intimate conversations taking place , Gasaraki does have quite a few action sequences . The action sequences are tense and suspenseful and are animated very nicely . One of Gasaraki 's highlights is its animation . After viewing the first two volumes I can easily say this has the best animation I 've seen in an on going series . Gasaraki is one of the most unique and original anime 's I have seen in a while . I greatly look forward to the next installments . I would recommend the series to anyone who like 's deep original plots . The first 2 volumes so far set up the stage for something wonderful . There characters all seem to have many different personalities , I look forward to finding out what they are . After viewing the first two volumes , I can tell you I definitely will be purchasing future volumes and you should do so as well .
 The series is deeper than most out there , and more interesting as well . The storyline and character development are in-line with quality of other great anime titles like Macross . The animation is very good , excellent for an on-going series . The story is the most original of it 's type since Macross , due to the overpopulated anime world of mechs . The characters are not cute little furrys and strange looking bug eyed types of alot of anime , but more in tone with mature audiences , characters you can relate to more than just emotionally but physically . The mechs for instance are n't as anime as Macross in that they are more like Metal Gear , military types with restrictions on what they can do . They are not skyscraper size yet agile , they are machines , extensions of the pilots as if they were real . They are under more real physics than alot of other mechs in anime , they actually malfunction when they get clogged with sand in the desert in this particular volume . Very entertaining and very interesting original story as well as well developed characters .
 If you saw the first tape , you know the drill . If not , that 's what Gasaraki is in a nutshell
 The war in Belgistan explodes in a violent eruption as the UN Forces launch a final offensive against the capital . Giant robots face giant robots for the 1st time as Yushiro and the girl that haunts his dreams meet on the battlefield . The JSSDF , the UN , the media , and opposing armies are pitted against each other as the puppetmasters of Symbol fan the flames of war into a conflagration that threatens to engulf the world . Something is amiss in Belgistan . It seems that this war was tailor made for some hidden purpose.This volume is much better that the 1st . There is more action and drama . The story is also starting to make more sense . Even though much is still very unclear , this series is pretty intriguing . I am starting to enjoy Gasaraki , but it is a long way from being anything akin to a great anime series .
 This was similar to the first volume . Now however , the TA 's have fought in real battle and there has been more action than the first volume - slowly things are coming together . Volume 3 is when you 'll decide if you like the series or not though - There is a lot more action and more character development than the first 2 volumes . Although Volumes 1 and 2 seem slow , it is important for a basis for the rest of the series so bear through it ! Again , I recommend you rent the first 3 volumes before buying them to decided whether or not you 'll like the series . I really enjoyed this series and it took the first 3 volumes to figure that out .
 The shoe picks up from where it last left off . Yushiro was in shock and the Fakes from Symbol are attacking . Yushiro manages to get back up into his TA , but then a rampid sand storm occurs and the TAs and Fakes draw back . They resume their battle later at an abandoned town in Belgistan . Yushiro gets an even closer encounter with Miharu -LRB- a girl who is strikingly similar to Yushro and possess the same powers as he does -RRB- . The battle is stopped when Tornado Bombers make a pass over the battle and film the battle to show to the world . They then proceed to bomb Belgistan . It appears that Symbol betrayed Belgistan and Belgistan is wiped out of the picture . The JSDF is now in a struggle to get out of Belgistan . However , Yushiro goes wandering off again to find Miharu . He finds her at the stone church of Akura and manage to explain some things . Yushiro and Miharu are soon split up again . Yushiro heads back to Japan and Miharu returns to Symbol 's custody . The extras on the DVD are very nice if you like to go in depth on this show . The Japanese dialoge is extremely good and more funnier than the English . Hearing Captain Ataka in Japanese trying to speak English is very funny . Not to mention some jokes about Japanese language . Anyway , dubbed or subbed , either way you view it , its still great . It does n't have as much action as the first tape , but it still has action and it still is great . A must have DVD .
 This was a great tape . The animation is still the best . And the dub is still good . The first episode picks up were the last one left off . And we get to see some robot vs. robot action . With Yushiro fighting the girl in his dreams . You will be pleased . We also learn more about the other TA piolets . Then in the second episode we see Yushiro meet the girl . With introducing new characters as well . Even though there is n't as much action in this one until the end , the story will still keep you intrigued . And the action is great to . I am not going to spoil it , But it is n't in the robots this time . The third episode is my favorite . As Yushiro is heading back to Japan , with the rest of the piolets , with the Ta 's in a big plane , get attacked . -LRB- forgive the run-on sentence -RRB- And how they handle it will keep you on the edge . This is a great series , and is highly recomended .
 Very impressive I must say . This second DVD is even better then the first one -LRB- although you have to buy vol .1 in order to fully appreciate this volume -RRB- . When i first heared about Gasaraki I though it was just a copy of Neon Genesis Evangelion , this was a mistake . Sure Miharu is VERY close to Rei , the plot , so fare , follows the same path as evangelion 's but still it is very different , mainly because Gasaraki has a very reallistic aspect , exept for the mechs there 's nothing futuristic . If you like Evangelion you 'll like this anime -LRB- probably even more -RRB- . For me it 's by fare the best anime of this year . VERY recommended !
 Thefirst volume of Gasarakireally surprised me . It was well written and thoughtful , trying to tell a deep story that was more about behind the scenes power plays than robot brawls.This second disc continues to add new wrinkles and complications . The war with Belgistan comes to a close -LRB- which surprised me as I thought it was going to run through the entire series -RRB- and the JSSDF forces prepare to pull out . We learn about a secret organization calling itself Symbol that was assisting Belgistan , though their motivations for doing so are still clouded.Yushiro causes some commotion when he heads off base and winds up in the middle of a kidnapping . We also see more of the mysterious girl from the first disc that seems to share Yushiro 's powers.Very little seems to happen episode by episode . If the disc is watched straight through it is very satisfying viewing , but I can see that if I were watching this half an hour at a time as it was broadcast it would have been tough to follow .
 Sharing thoughts , dances , and dining together was only the four-play . They shared something that only very close friends should ever share ... and that night brought them closer together . Very sensual , very sexy ... and a lot of fun . If you like RSD 's , this is a good one for your colleciton . Terry is calling me to the bedroom ... she just put in another RSD for a fun-filled Friday night ... lucky me.Terry ... I 'll be coming shortly
 This is a cute story about a little angel sent to give baby Jesus a crown , and how he figures out the true worth of giving and caring about others .
 This has to be my favorite Christmas story to show children at this very special time of the year . It kept all of my stuidents engaged and at the same time reinforce the true meaning of Christmas .
 It was just what I thought it was . I loved it . I watched a couple of time . I 'll have to take it with me to my brothers so my nephews can see it .
 I loved this movie as a child and was really psyched to find it on DVD at Amazon -LRB- and for such a great price ! -RRB- . I ca n't wait for my young son to watch this movie with me !
 I just bought two copies of this movie . I saw it probably 30 years ago ? If memory serves me it is the same story as the Little Drummer Boy . Timmy has nothing to bring the new born King , so he gives the baby Jesus a very special gift . I have been looking for this movie in stores for years . Luckily I found it on Amazon and ordered one for my self , and one for my 5 year old grandson .
 I bought this movie to watch with my young nephew at Christmas time . I think that he will enjoy it . It is easy to follow and understand what is going on for young children . I am glad that I found this movie because it is hard finding good movies for younger kids . Especially ones that will hold their attention . This movie is about a little angel that is asked to deliver the jeweled crown to baby Jesus in the manager . It talks about the star that was followed by everyone to the manager . If you are looking for a nice movie for young kids , I can not recommend this movie enough . I do have to say that it is a little on the short side as far as running time , just a little under a half hour . But I think that is just about right for a young kids attention span .
 This movie is so heartfelt and genuine . If you 're looking for a new Christmas movie for your family , this is the one to get ! I grew up watching this movie , and I 'm so glad that I finally found it on amazon !
 One of my family 's favorites ! Great animation and super sweet story . Brings the true meaning of christmas into light . There is action and adventure , and lots of love ! My kids all ages 4-7 love it !
 I have watched this movie since I could remember . I had this on VHS already but really for convenience , needed it on DVD . Love the movie and the message . Excellent
 Service faster then expected . Product better then hoped for . Grand-daughter was thrilled !!! Thanks so much
 The footage is astounding and the narration by Sir Laurence Olivier is perfect . The horror of war laid bare . I am looking for videos of Vol . 1-13 .
 Imagine if Ken Burns , instead of reading letters and diaries about the civil war , could have interviewed on film the people who actually fought and lived through it ? That 's why no one will ever make a better documentary about World War II than this . In addition to its superb footage of events , The World at War also includes many first-hand accounts by participants and survivors on both sides of the war , interviews which would be impossible to reproduce today .
 This is simply the best video documentary about WWII . Every child should be shown it at school . Every household should watch it every few years . The finest piece of historical filmmaking ever !!!
 An excellent documentary extremely well narrated . The World at War is a compelling watch with all facets of the war covered in the various episodes .
 Everyone should see these videos . Today 's history was written in the events described in these videos . Sir Lawrence Oliver was the quinesential choice to narrate this work of historical art . A must see to teach the latter generations what sacrifice and honor means , and this from someone BORN during the Vietnam War .
 I recently viewed this series through my local library and find it to be an excellent and thorough review of World War II . Olivier is superb . The series is somewhat Great Britain and Europe focused but not excessively so . A great resource , especially for the post World War II generation .
 a very nice movie where Joan Baez helds her role in the non violent revolution of the 70 's , her role as a mother coocking for her husband , her son ... while she goes on singing these beautiful songs that made her successfull ... Recommended to all Baez Fans ...
 This sixties , early seventies classic is finally available to Joan fans . The black and white photography is stunning . Of course the music is great and David Harris comes through with wisdom and courage . This was only shown in art house cinemas when it was in release . I 'm so happy that it is now available to the general public .
 The Enchantment Basin forms the southern half of the Lost World Plateau above Leavenworth , WA , fifteen miles east of the Cascade crest . It has been my favorite spot in this state since the 1970 's , comparing in my experience only with the Sawtooths of Idaho.Bill and Peg Stark produced the 7-1/2 degree shaded topo map that introduced me and a generation or two of hikers to this geological wonder , before the USGS gave up and adopted the names the Starks had given its features . For decades the couple have absorbed and photographed its stunning seasonal moods . When I picked up this tape in a store in Leavenworth , I was hoping for some good photos to remind me of my hikes there . It exceeded my hopes in photographic quality , and more . I was not expecting the degree of familiarity conveyed with the spirit and details of the place , nor the effectiveness with which Peg 's prosaic monologue recaptured my personal enchantment.I really wish I could get this on DVD . Since the Basin requires a lottery permit , I do n't know if I 'll ever be able to go there again .
 Review Clarification
 Line of fire alone is worth buying this box for . Eastwood s great in just about all his movies and this is no exception.This boxset offers good value for money , the titles all transfer to DVD well enough wihtout being spectacular , and if you like these titles you could do a lot worse than buy this boxset off Amazon.ocm
 I REMEMBER ALL FALL DOWN BACK IN 1985 BUT NEVER KNEW WHO SUNG IT IN 1995 I FOUND OUT IT WAS BUY A GROUP NAMED FIVE STAR I WENT OUT AND FOUND THE CASSETTE TAPE AND I WAS SHOCKED IT HAS SOME GREAT TRACKS ON THEIR BESIDES THEIR HITS MY OTHER FAVORITES ARE NOW IM IN CONTROL I JUST LOVE THEIR SYNTS WOW MUSIC WILL NEVER BE THE SAME I ALSO WOULD RECOMMED THEIR SECOND ALBUM I THINK IT SOLD MORE THEN THEIR FIRST .
 This is a great debut from the british sibling group Five Star released in 1985 , it 's songs are uptempo and catchy , quite bubbly but fun to listen too , it has a mixture of groovy R&B , dancey pop , and smooth ballads , a must cd for any fan of 80 's music
 This is one of my favorite albums from my childhood . A real classic .
 Like the last reviewer stated , the REALLY good songs on this album are `` R.S.V.P. '' , `` Let Me Be The One '' , `` Hide and Seek '' , `` Love Take Over '' , `` All Fall Down '' , & `` System Addict '' . As for all the rest , ok , to boring . I honestly skip all the rest of the songs . Other than that , this album is a classic !
 This group was underrated in the US . They had all the jams . Denise , Doris , and Lorraine were so cute . Great stuff !
 This group was considered the British version of the Jackson Family . Good songs and great videos , would turn up the sound and sing and try to catch their moves while watching . I miss the 80 's , but can bring those good times back with the music .
 What can i say about this stellar release from the Stedman family they are and still are classic artist IMO 7 BIG releases from this debut cd set everything in motion for this family from great songs to nifty choreography starting with the classic songs Love Take OVer , All Fall Down , Let Me Be The One , R.S.V.P. were some of the great singles from this release and the bonus tracks on the special edition is just FANTASTIC you ca n't lose with this winner ... Kudos to Cherry Pop for release 4 great re-issues on a legendary group !!!!!!
 Received my record in a timely matter and very well packaged for protection . It was still brand new and plays like a dream . Its FRESH like we used to say in the 80 's , LOl ... would recommend this company to anyone who likes quality products .
 A great cd . The best 5 star cd I think with all the remixes makes this a must for all 5 star fans
 I 've been looking for this CD , for awhile now . I have the album , but thankful that I have the CD , : - -RRB-
 If you like Five Star , get this reissue . It 's nicely packaged and the sound quality is definitely an improvement from the original cd issue . The bonus tracks are not really rare though . Even in America , they are easy to find . What 's missing is the a 12inch remix of Let Me Be the One . It 's called the ` dance remix ' and was on some 12-inch 's with the Philadelphia remix , depending on which catalog number was on the picture sleeve . Anyways , it 's a slamming remix that mixed All Fall Down in the intro and includes scratching , sampling , and a different sax solo . That version would have made this reissue a MUST BUY !
 Ignore Leonard Maltin 's whiney review ! Mark Pellington 's `` Going All the Way '' is ANYTHING but a `` familiar seeming '' coming of age story ! In fact , ignore the synopsis on this very DVD package that describes the film as a `` romantic comedy '' ! Although the characters may have sex on their minds , there is not much real `` romance '' to be found in this particular tale ! Based on Dan Wakefield 's 1971 novel of the same name , `` Going All the Way '' is a somewhat darkly-shaded character study of two unlikely friends in 1950 's Indianapolis . One of the charcters , Sonny Burns -LRB- played by `` Saving Private Ryan 's '' Jeremy Davies -RRB- , is the complete antithesis of a glamorous Hollywood leading man , and Davies completely brings to life the character described Wakefield 's original book . His brooding , half-mumbled performance perfectly captures Sonny 's underlying anger , confusion , and insecurity . Actress Amy Locane -LRB- who previously appeared in `` School Ties '' -RRB- also shines in a smaller part as Sonny 's longsuffering girlfriend Buddy Porter . Although she does not have an over-abundance of dialogue , Locane conveys a lot of emotion with her expressive eyes and facial expressions ... and as it turns out in the end , Buddy is probably the most `` with it '' character in this entire story . This new DVD release is a virtual tresure trove for fans of this film ! The original rough cut of `` Going All the Way '' ran 3 hours and 10 minutes , and was cut down to less than 2 hours for its theatrical release . The DVD provides us with well over an hour of that `` missing '' footage , presented here as `` deleted scenes '' . In fact the first deleted scene is an entire 45 minute subplot that was excised from the film . -LRB- Fans of Wakefield 's novel will recognize this section as the tale of Gunner Castleman 's ill-fated beard ! -RRB- . This lengthy outttake alone makes the DVD worth owning ! Some of the other `` missing footage '' shows us that Sonny 's mother -LRB- played by film veteran Jill Clayburg -RRB- played a bigger part in the original storyline , as did Gunner 's sassy girlfriend Marty -LRB- played convincingly by British accress Rachel Weisz -RRB- , and Locane 's character Buddy . There is also a more graphic take of the scene involving Sonny 's attempted suicide , and it will probably be a little too intense for some viewers ! A little less satisfying than the extensive `` outtakes reel '' is director Mark Pellington 's commentary track , spoken in a deep monotonous voice . Pellington does give some useful insights into the film , but he also has the habit of saying `` we shot this on location '' , without ever telling us WHERE the location is ! The director also fails to talk about the relation of the music to the film , although many of the 50 's - era tunes heard on the soundtrack draw obvious lyrical parallels to the action on screen . -LRB- See Sonny and Gayle 's `` love scene '' together for a great example of this . -RRB- Pellington mostly just comments on the performances on the actors , and how he could have shot scenes differetly . In fact Pellington reveals on the commentary track that he plans to re-edit and re-release `` Going All the Way '' within the next few years , adding some voice-over narration from Davies , and restoring some of the lost footage for an extended `` directors cut '' . Does this mean that I 'll have another `` Going All the Way '' DVD to buy a few years down the road ? That 's OK , this unique film is well worth it !
 The lowdown : Going All the Way is a touching story about learning to let go , coming to terms with yourself , love , and the power of friendship between two young men whose relationship `` is the core of the movie , '' says MTV Award-winning music video director Mark Pellington , whose debut film shows that he clearly knows what he 's doing , and that his talents can be set on more than one profession . Pellington tackles the challenge of presenting two authentic young men who we can relate to , and passes with flying colours.Jeremy Davies is perfect for these kinds of rolls , where he plays a shy , secretive , insecure young man trapped in a boy 's body , who 's trying to escape his parent 's domination ... having played two such intriguing rolls in one year , in Going All the Way and in John Patrick Kelley 's equally enchanting and moving -LRB- but ultimately a little too broody -RRB- The Locusts . And although at war with his parents , he also wants to try and make up for all the lonely years he spent in high school masturbating over fevered fantasies beyond the reach of fulfillment . I mean , sure he 's got Buddy -LRB- just the name makes me cringe -RRB- but she 's much too available and overall not the sort of woman out of his skin mags who 'll sweep him off his feet . Sonny Burns ' life is enough to drive anyone to the rubber room , and you truly share his pain . At times , it may have seemed as though he has finally reached that flight of stairs , merely to once again find himself at the very bottom of where he started , of his ultimate goal ... to happiness . Jeremy 's brooding , partially-mumbled performance perfectly captures his underlying disarray , insecurities , and anger . The thing that 's so unique about him is that , while he 'll make you sympathise for his suffering at times , he can be so funny at others , that he 'll also make you laugh like there 's no tomorrow ; not many actors have the capability to do that.This may not be the film that claimed Ben Affleck to fame -LRB- Kevin Smith 's Chasing Amy was -RRB- but it sure was enough of one to really get him noticed -LRB- after that , it was no more playing the vileness bully for this guy , I 'll tell ya that right now -RRB- . The man 's very presence commands the screen . You watch him , and he 's just so cool and casual , that you feel as though he 's not even acting at all ; he 's an expert . When you observe his character , Gunner Casselman , you basically have to look through his physical features , because that rebellious , tough-guy looking image he 's given does n't really say a lot about him since his visit to Japan . We see him depart from his rowdy old high school buddies in a bar to hang around with little old Sonny -LRB- even Sonny himself was surprised , as we were , seconds prior to them leaving the scene , driven to a surreal trip inside his head and learned that he thought he was being made fun of -RRB- , who he 'll drag along to art galleries and also take pictures with since Sonny shared his love of picture taking with him . When I look at Gunner , what I see is a hunk with a heart of gold and a fresh outlook on life , who 's really begun to discover himself and whose goal is to go to New York because that 's not only where he thinks a future career awaits him but it 's also a place where he wo n't have to deal with his naggy mother and her discrimination against his Jewish girlfriend -LRB- and Jews in general -RRB- . I also perceive that he 's quite impressed by Sonny , thinking that , while he scored all those touchdowns and lured the girls with his bod and charm back in his high school years , he was an intellectual , when really he spent those very years masturbating if not watching him with awe.Aside from the catchy oldies tunes , I really enjoyed the dialogue the two young men shared with one another , which was as absorbing as it is true . Among all , one in particular comes to mind , where Gunner was trying to prove a point that `` peach pie is fine , but that 's all you get ? I mean , morning , noon , and night , peach pie ? Breakfast , lunch , dinner , peach pie . Peach pie , day in , day out . Day in , peach pie . '' Jeremy and Ben were terrific together . As improbable a coalition as their character 's had , I thought that they , nonetheless , had perfect chemistry together , and were very enjoyable to watch.Going All the Way is based upon Dan Wakefield 's enormously popular novel -LRB- one of my favourites , as a matter of fact -RRB- . Mark Pellington read it at the early age of thirteen after he discovered it sitting in his father 's shelf , and immediately fell in love with it . Sixteen years later , he showed his love with the making of the film , which I thank him for , because it 's one of a kind . It 's a film with real depths to it , that is of a true depiction of the male mind .
 Not one of my most beloved favorites , but it was rather entertaining , funny , and deep , but not a masterpiece . Jeremy Davies is well cast as the returning vet who comes home to an overloving and over bearing mother and a strictly business father , and the girl he left behind . All of them eventually get on his nerves , and finds himself unable to control his sexuality . Ben Affleck is equally good as his buddy but has different views on life . From the looks on his face he looks as if he prefers to have worked with Matt Damon rather than with Davies , but what does that matter ? Not for everyone 's taste or pleasure , but rather amusing to see , especially if the girls saw Davies in `` Saving Private Ryan '' and want to see more of him . They should get more than their fill here .
 Sonny Burns -LRB- Jeremy Davies -RRB- and Gunnar Casselman -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- are two young men who strike up an acquaintance on their way home from the war in Korea . As students at the same high school , Sonny , the neurotic introvert , and Gunnar , the Golden Boy athlete , moved in entirely different circles . Now , following the life-changing experience of the war , this odd couple is able to provide much needed support for each other as they resist sliding back into the same old routine . Unlike Gunnar 's hard-drinking , partying high school buddies , Sonny takes Gunnar 's newly-found , `` inner-directed '' -LRB- as he calls it -RRB- , philosophical side seriously . Gunnar provides vital support and advice as Sonny tries to overcome the crippling neuroses that make it so difficult for him to relate to the opposite sex and break away from his controlling parents . The entire cast is excellent , but Davies really excels as the imploding , desperate Sonny . /
 This film , while it may be regarding every boy 's life growing up in whatever period of decade , not necessarily the nineteen-fifties , it can really relate to anyone . Not only does it voyage into Sonny Burns ' yearning for sexual fulfillment , but it also concerns the mothers of these individuals , who just do n't know when to let go , and it also voyages into the power of friendship , into the bond of two young men-one of whom being Sonny-returning home from the Army to discover that their attitudes on life , love , and the town in which they grew up in have altered in this bittersweet coming-of-age drama . Their chemistry was natural , and together they visually generated an improbable coalition rather than some silly contrast . Both men are circumscribed and callow , their inducement is focused on their genitals , and yet they burn with idealism , with fevered fantasies of their own eventual triumph -LRB- ... -RRB- The theme which caught my attention most was that of Sonny 's sexual frustrations and afflictions with his parents , whose religious beliefs are a matter in which they still assume he opts to follow , or rather neglect to face the fact that he just may no longer want to , like many individuals emerging a certain age , who 'll depart from the past and take their own path to whatever life and career that awaits them . But it 's not that Sonny necessarily was growing out of the whole scene of going to church every Sunday morning and saying a prayer before going to sleep . It 's more that , as detestation grew within him over the years , he has grown to hate God for never bothering to give a helping hand when needed one to pull him out of all this wretchedness , the misery of waking up each morning knowing that he is trapped inside the same slender , opprobrious body and enduring the same life that seemingly never really has any light shed upon it -LRB- ... -RRB- I was utterly moved and empathized such tortured souls , for I am quite similar to this character , thereby this very genuine film opens a tremendous amount of interest for its viewing , for I , every time I watch it , feel as though I was watching myself-resemblance between us is that great . I 'm not so much proud to admit of the fact , but it 's nice to see a film that does n't concern the usual farfetched subject matters regarding the most inane things , and one that rather concerns issues which can resemble amongst many others out there , such as myself , for instance . Jeremy Davies was terrific depicting this character , capable of delivering both humor and great poignancy to the screen like the natural that he is.After having to deal with well over fifty actors whose goal was to obtain the roll of Sonny Burns-which essentially exemplifies how many others relate to this character and would like to express their feelings of rage , if you will , on screen-Jeremy Davies impressed the filmmakers with his uncanny take on the character ; his brooding , indistinctly-uttered performance ideally captures Sonny 's underlying indignation , confusion , and insecurities -LRB- ... -RRB- While this synopsis may seem like the premise of a nineteen-fifties feel-good movie , Going All the Way emphatically subverts in any evoked nostalgic feelings . Its twisting narrative veers from relatively straight-although ennui-laden-jesting boy talk to surreal trips into Sonny 's disturbed inner world , culminating in a profound and painful moment of sexual humiliation . So while it may seem as a direct comedy , it really is n't , as such a character 's deepest desires disintegrate and are clear that a mere `` fantasy '' is all they 'll conspicuously be . Besides , since when has a film that features graphical scenes of those in the progress of slitting their wrists in an attempt to use such unusual actions as a method of rehabilitation , been humorous by any means ? Since when , huh ? My advice to you would be to ignore the ostentatious synopsis on the back of both the VHS and DVD package , which bluntly describe the film as a `` romantic comedy . ''
 This film about the friendship of two very different men was extroadinary . My hat 's off to the director , Mark Pellington , he will most certainly be one of the top ten directors in Hollywood in the very near future . In fact , I think he 's there already . It 's a must see film .
 I purchased this film mainly because I am a Ben Affleck fan . I rented it once on video and thought that it was a great film . There is an interesting story and stuff to get you roped in ... it was good
 This film 's prequel , The Heroic Trio , end with a triumphant mood as the sexy trifecta of Wonder Woman , Invisible Girl and Thief Catcher make good and rid China of a demon from Hell who threatened the very existance of mankind . When Executioners opens , it would seem that no one was paying attention to the evil people who lived on Earth because China -LRB- and the rest of the world by extension -RRB- is devastated in a post-holocaustic setting without clean water and with very little future to look forward to . The Trio comes out of semi-retirement to battle the evil forces of monstrous megalomanics and military murderers . Throw in a couple of superhuman freaks and the battleground is set . But fans of Heroic Trio should be forewarned
 Its hard to say that this movie was awesome , but it was close . I enjoyed the performances of the actresses more than the plot . AS strange as this may seem , each of the stars , possed skills that set them apart from the others . Anita Mui gave an outstanding performance with her talents using the sword . Not to say that Michelle Yeoh and Maggie Cheung gave there best to make this movie a classic . But the movie dragged at points . THe women made the movie worth the view !
 The overall story was great , I was happy to hear Anita Mui 's music in this movie.Editing denied us the pleasure in Heroic Trio .
 No where except Hong Kong can woman expect to get top billing . Executioners is a classic is the genere of HK fantasy , and the the sequel to the HK smash hit `` The Herioc Trio . '' Maggie Cheung -LRB- May in Jackie Chan 's Police Story I , II , III -RRB- Michelle Yeoh -LRB- Tomorrow Never Dies , Wing Chun -RRB- and Anita Mui -LRB- Druken Master II , Rougue -RRB- deliever . Yeoh rates these two films among her favorite so check them both out . For more Anita Mui CDs and DVD tiles for these ladies visit her website .
 I did n't understand the hype surrounding The Heroic Trio . Personally , I feel that pop art is just for crackheads . The Heroic Trio had such an unbelievable plot that I could n't watch it . This movie , on the other hand , had a more believable plot . The action scenes , though limited were great . Anita Mui is pretty good with the sword . Michelle Yeoh should have had more screen time . Maggie Cheung looked so much better in this movie than she did in The Heroic Trio . Overall , this was a wildly entertaining movie . All of the explosions were tight . The only thing that sucked was the annoying little girl .
 I think people watching this movie as a serious action movie are taking the wrong tack . I say , what happens when you take a script apparently written as a joke by grade-schoolers and then put it into film using some of the greatest and and most beautiful action stars on the planet ? What kind of brain-control was used by an evil genius to convince these people to take such a ridiculous story and work their guts out to make it work ? You get Grade A + hilarity . Watch this movie with a sense of humor and you 'll see that it 's one of the greatest `` bad '' movies evar !!! Especially the end , which I do n't want to spoil but why is n't Michelle Yeoh 's performance here posted on YouTube and getting a million hits ?
 Both films are great/classic Tori Spelling ` woman in peril ' movies . You 'll enjoy both of them . Great acting and great storylines .
 I passed my Dantes Astronomy exam studying these tapes and using an Astronomy book from the Library -LRB- which I used to look up stuff that the video did n't cover -RRB- . These tapes are funny/goofy and educational . It makes learning fun ! I would highly recommend this video-Update
 You can only get so much out of a book . This video really helped understand many concepts
 To all my fellow youth workers out there - this is a must see !!! Very honest film , tells it how it is , no sugar coating . You can use it as a tool to explain to the older generation why the youth are acting the way they are , and why they are so put off by organized relegion - and what they can do about it . Must see for parents of teens/students who want their kids involved in churches and faith communities .
 As a 60 + adult this video is vital as an educational and dialogue tool for older adults -- all ages , too ! We have grandchildren who are looking for spirituality in many places , not including church . We need to understand why and how to communicate . The same is true for young adults I meet traveling in the U.S. and other countries . Most are hungry to talk if they sense you will listen without condemning or overloading them with advice . They want authentic conversation and `` The Searching Generation '' helps to build bridges across generations . I strongly recommend it !
 So much important research is being released on the so-called ' 20-something ' generation , and `` Searching Generation '' adds powerfully to the conversation . Millennials , NetGens , NextGens , call them what you like , it 's absolutely vital for leaders -LRB- especially in the faith community -RRB- to understand what lies at the essence of young people . This documentary lets some of today 's most recognizable and powerful voices join the conversation . From a practitioner like Brian McLaren or Erwin McManus , to young philosophers like James Langteaux , or academics like Dr. Wales or Dr. Mintle , this program weaves a tapestry you must see .
 This came as a two for one price I have n't watched Sleep Dealer as it has subtitles and having sight in just one eye its to hard to read and watch at the same time . However Hunter Prey , sure its a cheapie but I sure as hell as a Sci Fi tragic loved it someone tried to do something outside the square and it worked for me . For the money give it a go I am certain you wo n't be sorry.Al Watts
 Esta representaci&oacute;n recogida a & ntilde ; os atr&aacute;s en formato VHS , llega ahora al dvd y no me queda m&aacute;s que reiterar nuevamente mis elogios hacia ella.El reparto lo encabeza una espl&eacute;ndida ANNE SOFIE VON OTTER , que hace un delicioso Octavian , tanto en lo musical como en lo esc&eacute;nico . KURT MOLL es , sin duda alguna , el mejor Bar&oacute;n Ochs de los &uacute;ltimos a & ntilde ; os y as&iacute; lo impone aqu&iacute; , con su voz uniforme y bien timbrada en todo el registro y su soberbia caracterizaci&oacute;n del personaje.FELICITTY LOTT interpreta a la Mariscala , con porte de gran se & ntilde ; ora de la escena , y una bell&iacute;sima voz , como bell&iacute;sima y delicad&iacute;sima es la Sophie de BARBARA BONNEY.Todo el amplio elenco de personajes secundarios cumple de manera sobresaliente , con especial menci&oacute;n al Faninal y a la pareja de intrigantes , aunque quiz&aacute; el Cantante Italiano no est&eacute; a la altura de la funci&oacute;n.CARLOS KLEIBER dirige a la Filarm&oacute;nica de Viena con absoluta perfecci&oacute;n , extrayendo los toques m&aacute;s vieneses de la magn&iacute;fica partitura de Strauss.La producci&oacute;n , de 1984 , sigue presentandose en Viena 19 a & ntilde ; os despu&eacute;s , y esto indica que es la mejor producci&oacute;n de Rosenkavalier que hay en la actualidad
 This is a great recording.Singers are terrific . The orchestra plays great under the direction of legendary Carlos Kleiber . He makes the orchestra play this very difficult music with ease and grace.A must get DVD .
 I purchased this DVD for the purpose of one Aria , Di Rigori Amato . What I ended up getting is a great performance treasure of a great show . If you love Strauss , this is a must have .
 You 'd probably have to call me a Rosenkavalier groupie . I 've loved the opera since I first encountered it on a Met broadcast in high school back in the 1950s . My first recording was the hallowed Karajan/Schwarzkopf/Ludwig from 1956 . I 've owned possibly ten different versions on LP and CD , including the abridged 1933 version with Lehmann/Schumann/Olszewska . I 've read the score repeatedly at the piano and even served as a sub-repetiteur for a local production . I 've owned the VHS version of this performance since shortly after it came out , kindly sent me by a friend in Berlin . So , when I converted to DVD there was no problem deciding which version to get . It had to be this one . It has everything.Consider this . The conductor is one of the giants of today , Carlos Kleiber . I already knew , from the earlier Munich CD , that he had this opera completely in his bloodstream , and here he 's conducting the Vienna Opera Orchestra who do , too , of course . And I was n't surprised when the VHS of this performance lived up to that standard . The three sopranos who are so important to the opera are , get this
 Carlos Kleiber 's conducting once made this Vienna performance of Rosenkavalier the preferred DVD of the opera . It has an inner glow and musicality hard to resist . It is mellow but never slacks . Perhaps it has a melancholy edge , but it does not exploit sentiment . The many thematic references -LRB- quasi leitmotivs -RRB- in the score are always structurally cogent , conducted as to be clearly and easily grasped without underlining , never losing momentum and flow . The Wiener Staatsoper Orchestra -LRB- outside the pit known as the Vienna Philharmonic -RRB- clearly return the love with which they are conducted . One could speculate that Kleiber fashioned this performance mindful of the Marschallin throughout , though the central character is indeed the Rosenkavalier . And in von Otter , it boasted THE Octavian of her generation . This veiled valedictory -LRB- never maudling -RRB- tone is not unique to Kleiber , and certainly not a misconception ; it is a distinctive characteristic of this performance.HOWEVER ... . now we have a new DVD of a Munich performance fifteen years earlier , and , as it happens , Kleiber 's strongest competition turns out to be his younger self . Munich gives us faster , more incisive tempos -LRB- indeed , the performance is 7 minutes shorter -RRB- . It is lively and rambunctious though always executed with the clarity and structural cogency found in the Vienna performance as noted above . If Vienna is in the spirit of the Marschallin , Munich embodies Octavian , who , after all , is young , happy , in love , and the character after whom the opera is named . And in Brigitte Fassbaender it has THE prime exponent of the part in the post-Christa Ludwig era.So , where do we come out ? The direction for both performances is by Otto Schenk -LRB- though Vienna is a revival of Schenk 's original by somebody else -RRB- . Anyway , it has not varied much in fifteen years . Munich seems fresher , more alert , indeed happier , mirroring Kleiber 's more extrovert conception . The Munich voices are all bigger and in excellent shape . Gwyneth Jones , a superb actress , then reigning queen at Bayreuth and without the unsteadiness which could occassionally creep into her powerful instrument , gives here , as the Marschallin one of the most subtle , colorful and moving performances of her career , one that has included roles such as all Brunnhildes , Sieglinde , Isolde , Ortrud , Aida , Cherubini 's Medea and Strauss 's Helen . Felicity Lott 's intelligence and thorough professionalism are no match for the sum of qualities , including vocal richness , Jones brings to the part . Barbara Bonney is a charming , vocally secure , sweet Sophie in Vienna , but , again , no match for the vocal prowess , communicative skills , the sheer musical joy conveyed by Lucia Popp as Sophie in Munich -LRB- note
 Although just appearing in a DG dvd , this is the taping of a 7-year old performance -LRB- a composite of several ones ? the booklet just says `` taped in Vienna , 3/94 '' -RRB- that must have sent home the fortunate ones present with a smile broad as their faces . And what a performance it is ! I wonder if there 's a conductor better equiped to tackle this complex score than Carlos Kleiber , who must have the score embedded in his genes -LRB- his father Erich , one of the foremost conductors of the first half of the 20th century , was also an outstanding exponent of the piece , his version preserved by Decca -RRB- . There 's an earlier taping of the original Otto Schenk production from which this one derives that has been severally available in vhs and laserdisc and which I have n't seen , but I could catch an actual performance in Munich many years ago and if my memory does n't betray me , this one is superior if only by notches -LRB- the actual singers may have been different in that 1974 evening from the ones featured in the video , though , so please bear with me -RRB- . Lott -LRB- Dame Gwyneth Jones in the Munich performance , with a few vocal problems but with an equally grand presence -RRB- is an ideal Marschallin , never losing her poise without appearing icy or aloof -LRB- as Schwarzkopf sometimes might -RRB- , her exit in Act III an example of true aristocratic flair and grace under the inevitable . Von Otter is too beatiful a woman to play a truly credible boy of 17 and her stage manners are way too feminine , but her singing is so ravishing one quickly forgets about it . Brigitte Fassbaender took care of this role in the Munich performance and I recall her portrayal as truly superior , her looks and ways more `` masculine '' and thus more up to the role -LRB- but I 'll keep Von Otter 's voice for pure pleasure ! -RRB- . The Ochs I saw in the Munich rendition under Kleiber I mentioned was Karl Ridderbusch , an outstanding Ochs if there ever was one , equally matched in this new video by the similar-voiced Kurt Moll , who perhaps might have shown more restraint in his stage ways -LRB- after all , Ochs is also of the aristocracy , not a rogue -RRB- . And the Sophie of your dreams is undoubtedly Barbara Bonney , here resplendent in voice and looks . The camera takes are thoughtful and made with good taste , never obtrusive or `` imaginative '' as in other videos . Mind you , look no further
 Carlos Kleiber , one of the most magnetic masters on the podium , leads this radiant and utterly enjoyable DVD performance of Rosenkavalier , recorded in 1994 , Vienna . His approach less brilliant , but more relaxed than his 1979 tape with the Munich Staatsoper . As to the principals
 First of all , any discussion of this DVD must begin -LRB- and probably end -RRB- with the superb conducting of Carlos Kleiber . From the first bar of music , you know you 're in for an altogether different `` Der Rosenkavalier . '' His is an extraordinary approach
 I own four versions of Rosenkavalier , including the Paul Czinner film -LRB- 1961 -RRB- that I saw with thousands of other Chicago kids at Arie Crown Theatre -LRB- I still have the playbill -RRB- . This is , without a doubt , the best sung of all of them . As a DVD , unlike the Italian version I also own , the subtitles are available in German , which makes this a spectacular tool for opera students . Barbara Bonney -LRB- Sophie -RRB- also appeared in another version in my collection , the 1985 Covent Garden production with Kiri Te Kanawa , available only on VHS . Even nine years later in this version , her Sophie is a hoot . I realize that von Otter is almost too beautiful to be Octavian , but suspend your disbelief . Vocally , she 's the best Octavian I have on any kind of recording . Lott treats the Marchalin role with more tragedy than Te Kanawa or even Schwartzkopf , but she 's splendid . Kurt Moll -LRB- Ochs -RRB- appeared on the PBS `` Great Performances '' version from the Metropolitan in the mid-1980s and seemed to me then the most menacing Ochs I 'd ever seen , but in this DVD , he 's quite mellow and has that trademark voice for which he 's known . Even if this is not my favorite version -LRB- I prefer the directing and acting in the 1984 Covent Garden production -RRB- , its subtitles , sound , and cast ability in general are the BEST .
 I purchased this Video at a slight risk as I 'd never seen the opera before but am a great fan of Von Otter . This performance only helps to emphasise why she is such a magnificent travesti actress and gifted mezzo . She shows great talent as a comic actress and her singing is flawless and ravishing , her opening duet with Lott and the closing trio are two of the most beautiful scenes I have heard . She is an striking Octavian and handsome yet her feminine beauty is very apparent as `` Mariandel '' . Felicity Lott gives a beautiful elegant performance as the Feldmarschallin . Her voice is in amazing form and her the dignity portrayed in the last act will move even the hardest soul . Bonney is the ultimate Sophie . I doubt you find another soprano who could play the young girl with such charm , grace and innocence . Her voice is delicate yet the character is full of determination , she is perfect . Kurt Moll is fantastic as the lascivious Baron , his voice is fascinating and his acting sublime.The presentation of the Rose is so overwhelming that one would pay for the whole opera just to see that moment . If it 's amazing singers and actors you want , this is the Video/DVD you should buy .
 Still , I am going to make them for those who need to choose between these two productions . Like a previous reviewer , I am going to suggest getting both . If you have to restrict yourself to one , get the earlier Munich production , it is marginally better.Both version opera have the same conductor and are based on the same stage director 's work . The earlier production had Gwyneth Jones , Brigitte Fassbaender and Lucia Popp as the Marchellin , Octavian and Sophie . Here we have Felicity Lott , Anne Sophie von Otter and Barbarba Bonney and a chance to see how different singers interpret these roles.In almost every way the Munich performance is better . The stage settings are far superior to those used in this performance . The singers are more evenly matched , but while Ms. Lott and Ms. Bonney are excellent , Ms Jones and Ms. Popp are superb . In fact , although Ms. Bonney is a charming Sophie , Ms. Popp 's portrayal is luminous and shows a young woman of great depth.As a previous reviewer have stated , the two Octavians are almost evenly matched . In acts I and III I would give the edge to Ms. Fassbaender , who come across as the more masculine of the two and whose acting has more depth . This is odd , because Ms. von Otter 's height and build are more suited to playing a trouser role than the shorter , more rounded Ms. Fassbaender.Ms . von Otter comes into her own in Act II . The presentation of the rose is so beautifully sung and so brilliantly acted that the DVD is worth buying , just for this . The brief duel with Baron Ochs is also more convincing in this performance , though overall , I prefer Manfred Jungwirth 's performance in the Munich version.I do n't regret buying either version . I love them both .
 The sheer nobility of the ` Presentation of the Rose ' scene and the trio of the three excellent sopranos toward the end of the opera brought tears to my eyes . Those two scenes alone are worth the DVD price , but equally good are the Baron 's voice and his appearance . In fact , there 's not a mediocre voice in the opera that I can put a finger on . The orchestra performs quite well ; it 's a pleasure to watch the conductor 's virtuosic movements.All in all , a great team work . A winner CD even for a non-opera fan .
 -LRB- sung in German , with subtitles in German , English , French , and Chinese -RRB- Der Rosenkavalier -LRB- the Cavalier of the Rose -RRB- can entertain you on various levels.First , there is the heavenly , ethereal music which is almost too beautiful.Second , there is a delightful sense of humor -- a bag of tricks with surprises for nearly all of the main characters.Third , there is romance . Although several of the characters are `` in love , '' on different levels , the musical capture of the exquisite moment of `` love at first sight '' between Sophie and Octavian is one of those magical moments to cherish.Fourth , the camera-work is the best ever recorded . You can see & feel Sophie 's and Octavian 's moment of falliing in love.Fifth , as if all the great entertainment were not enough , Richard Strauss has given us a moral lesson
 This is a terrific film about the sad case of Genie , a child so horribly abused it boggles the imagination . It is a great resource for anyone interested in child development.I must say , though , that I am mystified a the phenomenal cost for an out-of-print DVD that used to sell new for $ 15.00 I have two copies , so I suppose I could sell them and retire in a few years at the rate the price seems to increase . I have no idea what the justification for this would be .
 Secret of the Wild Child tells the compelling story of Susan Wiley , a young girl who was rescued from a dysfunctional home during the 1970s by a system that ultimately failed her . Nova explores her journey from Hell to Limbo in an unforgettable documentary that shows the darkest sides of humanity and the captivating innocence of a child . You too will be haunted by this beautiful girl whom everybody simply referred to as Genie.I would so love to own a copy of this DVD !
 This little autistic child 's history of abuse is most heart wrenching , and therapists seem overwhelmed with the challenge of helping her grow up.This report may upset you !
 The only information that should be corrected , is that JEAN lived in Temple City and not Arcadia . The house is still there , on Golden West , about a block north of the park and City Hall !
 I watched this movie approximately 10 years ago . And I have never been the same since . This story will destroy the final thread that ties you to the belief that there is hope for humanity . If you are looking for a good reason to hate people -LRB- all people -RRB- . This is a good place to start .
 In Los Angeles , California on November 4th , 1970 , a young girl at 13 years old is rescued from her home by social workers . What they found was that she was isolated for a decade in a locked room and tied to a potty chair . She had virtually no human contact and no tactile interaction of any benefit and this helped to deprive her of any semblance of a normal life . In effect , she was underdeveloped , unable to communicate , she could barely walk and she exhibited many unusual behaviors . Due in part to a dysfunctional set of parents , it was difficult to get a proper history of all the horrible neglect that occurred here.Eventually named ` Genie ' by the doctors and experts that worked with her at a children 's hospital , so began a time of medical examination and analysis that lasted from about 1970 to 1975 . During this time , Genie was , for lack of a better word , juggled between many people and environments in an effort to rehabilitate and heal her . At the end of this time period when these efforts were discontinued , Genie was shuffled between various foster homes which proved to be very detrimental in part because she was subjected to more abuse , punishment , and harassment in these different locations.Because of additional difficulties caused by foster care , Genie was again returned to the children 's hospital for further treatment . To compound an already fragile situation , Genie 's mother filed a lawsuit against the many experts and the hospital that worked with her citing ` excessive and outrageous testing ' . This coming from an irresponsible and unconscionable parent that was , in part , responsible for this entire ordeal from the beginning . The suit was eventually settled out of court and Genie is currently a resident in a care home in California to this day . ` Secret of the Wild Child ' , although not very long , seems to do a credible job in detailing the known facts and events that played a significant impact in Genie 's life after her rescue . There is a decent mix of interviews from various experts and a good portion of video footage showing Genie 's therapy and rehabilitation and it makes for a worthwhile production in my opinion .
 This is perhaps one of the most important stories in the field of Child Development . Not only does it illustrate a story of unimaginable child abuse and provide unparalleled insight into the effects of social isoloation on the psychological and mental development of humans , but it also reveals the darker side of science -- a part so driven by notoriety and money that it ends up abusing Genie over and over.All students of psychology , child development , linguistics , social work , and related fields should see this program and get to know it intimately .
 I first became aware of the `` Genie '' story because the home where she was kept was a few blocks away from me in Temple City , CA . Her story was front page news in 1970 as more and more details came out about how she had never left her bedroom for her entire life , and how dysfunctional the family was . The father committed suicide less than a week after the headlines for hit.The PBS documentary on Genie is excellent and must see for all psychology students , brain researchers , and anyone interested in the whole concept of how a child develops in the `` wild '' .
 I 've found this to be the most professional , fair-minded summary of Genie 's story yet . The footage of Genie is fascinating , although I do wish there were more details about the results of the tests on her . I was disappointed to find that half the movie is about a different feral child named Viktor , but the parts that are about Genie are excellent .
 As a professor teaching an Introductory Child Development course , I fully recommend this movie . The students in my course were captivated and many chose to write about Genie for an open-ended project . It is a great way to talk about topics such as nature vs. nurture , language acquisition , abuse , and research ethics .
 Secret of the Wild Child tells the story of Genie , a 13 year old girl who was discovered by social workers . Genie had been raised in a small , featureless room since the age of 18 months -- strapped into a potty chair by day and a crib by night , no one was allowed to talk with her , play with her , or give her the least sign of human affection and communication . This video shows the struggle of the psychologists and caretakers who tried to teach Genie the simple everyday things that we all take for granted -- how to wear clothing , how to feed herself , and how to talk . Her struggle to learn language was a key issue for cognitive theorists who believed that there is a critical period for learning language , a period that Genie missed . Powerful and moving .
 This episode focuses on the discovery of a child that had been abused andsecluded in a small room with little human contact until she was found at13 years old . The seclusion had resulted in severely limited childhooddevelopment , including the lack of acquisition of language . The documentarytells the story of her rehabilitation , and the missteps that occur during it.Ultimately , `` Wild Child '' Genie 's rehabilitation was unsuccessful , and herprofound handicaps and doubtful rehabilitation leave a deep sorrow in theheart . Very moving and an interesting glimpse into some of the issues aboutchildhood development.There is also a good book on Genie , Genie
 I first saw this video on TV . Channel 13 here in New York . I could n't stop thinking about this child and that it could happen here in the USA . Gripping , informative and sad . Should be watched by everyone .
 This episode of Nova fascinated me and I think it will captivate most viewers . The story is of a real case ; a young girl is rescued by social workers when she is 13 ; she has been brutally kept in solitary confinement by her father since she was 2 years old when he found out she may have been slightly developmentally disabled . The story tugged at my heartstrings and moved me deeply . Although the film is scarcely one hour long , Nova packs quite a bit into it and thus the story never gets boring nor is there anything to be edited out of this film . I also like how they mix archival footage of `` Genie , '' with more recent interviews and the narration.The film begins with the discovery of a girl who is called `` Genie '' to protect her identity . Unfortunately , not much more about this poor girl gets protected . She had been imprisoned for over a decade by her viciously abusive father in a small back room of her parents ' home in California , chained to a potty chair with no real human interaction . Apparently when her father would give her what little she had to eat he would actually bark or growl at her instead of using words ! Worse yet , she was beaten for vocalizing or trying to say anything ; she learned early on not to open her mouth for fear of being beaten . In addition , `` Genie '' had an odd way of walking that they described as a `` bunny hop '' type of walk most likely because of her inability to learn to walk normally when she was much younger . We 'll never know the full extent of what the poor girl endured because her father killed himself just days after she was discovered and her mother was nearly blind and quite emotionally unstable.And all of that got the ball rolling . `` Genie '' was taken to Children 's Hospital where all of the staff wanted to help her ; yet I think they were so unprepared for her case that they did n't truly think through the best way to handle her . For example , some scientists also functioned as therapeutic surrogate parents and bonded with her ; this was not a good idea . Researchers and scientists , sensing an opportunity to make their mark in scientific history , wanted to experiment on `` Genie '' to determine a number of things including whether she could learn language when she was already 13 or 14 and even the best of them cruelly abandoned her when federal funding to study and heal her dried up.I could tell you so much more but I do n't want to ruin it for you with spoilers . Suffice it to say that you 'll be amazed by the true story of `` Genie . `` Overall , `` The Secret of the Wild Child '' should be mandatory viewing for anyone in the helping professions and/or child development ; this case raises ethical issues that deserve critical thought . Persons who like documentaries in general will not be disappointed .
 I use this film in the Developmental Psychology class I teach . It has all the qualities you want from a documentary
 WITH GUEST APPEARENCES BY ROBERT DUVALL , JOHNNY CASH , JESSI COLTER & HANK WILLIAMS , JR.VIDEOS-THE CONVERSATION - -LRB- DUET WITH HANK WILLIAMS , JR. -RRB- IF SHE 'LL LEAVE HER MAMASETTIN ' ME UPWHATEVER GETS YOU THROUGH THE NIGHTNEVER COULD TOE THE MARKWHERE WOULD I BE WITHOUT YOUAMERICA -LSB- DIRECTED BY DAVID HOGAN -RSB- NOTES
 I bought this video for the `` Conversation '' video where Waylon Jennings and Hank Williams Jr. are playing their guitars , singing , and sharing whisky . I like when they raise their whisky glasses to each other . This is a comical , well put together video with Robert Duvall . I like the 3 videos that tied together like a mini-movie ... EVERY WALON JENNINGS FAN SHOULD OWN THIS GREAT VIDEO ! ...
 I bought it just for the `` Conversation '' video with Hank Williams Jr. . I liked seeing them at the bar sharing whisky , playing their guitars and singing about Hank Sr. . This is a comical , well put together video . It had 3 separate videos something like you would see on CMT , if they would play Waylon Jennings ' videos , that tied together like a mini movie . The America video was great too . My favorite video on this video is called `` Whatever gets you through the night '' . I wish that song was on a CD somewhere . YOU JUST HAVE TO BUY THIS GREAT VIDEO !!
 I saw this video several years ago and loved it . I have seen it a couple of times since and was hit the same . I am a Waylon Jennings fan from the time I was 14 , so just about anything waylon , I like . This is one video that to me , portrays on one hand the tough side , and on the other , a tender side as when singing with his wife , Jessie Colter . The man really loved his wife.I think this video would be good for the person that has never heard Waylon Jennings before and is curious . Waylon to me was still in top form at the time . It was before he kicked his cocaine habit after which he seemed to lose that edge for a while . He still put out good stuff , it just did n't have the fire . He was as I 've heard it put , '' working without a net '' and was lost for a while , but he got it back ! In a big way . This is a damn good video ! Get it !
 I bought this years ago at a truck stop on VHS . Glad to see it made it to DVD.It was filmed in 1984 to go with his album `` Never could toe the mark and never could walk the line '' . It has a few storylines in it . Being a very early Video album and Country at that , it 's a really well done short film . The begining and ending where tagged together with 2 videos , `` The Conversation '' with Hank Jr and `` America '' . Johnny Cash has a quick cameo in it . Great 40 mins of a flim .
 I ` m Proud Of Being An Owner Of This Tape . It ` s In My Oppinion A Must Have , For All Waylon Fans .
 If you are a true Waylon fan you will enjoy this DVD . . however short it is you still come away with a feeling of satisfaction of extracting a bit more knowledge of what made this man tick , where he drew from for his songs and the love he felt for Jessie is `` oh so obvious . '' I never get enough of Waylon and this treasure just adds to my collection.My one regret in life is Waylon will never know the hearts he continues to touch .
 This is an ordinary video it does have lots of humor . What you should n't miss is Waylon singing a love song to Jesse while she sits there . Can you think of any other man who would do this with such sincerity -LRB- and courage too -RRB- . Also his song `` America '' is worth buying the video for . In this age of flag waving and commercialism here is a man with quiet sincere patriotism-not afraid to criticize his country while at the same time loving it too .
 I remember this show as a kid , and always liked the show . I found this one cassette , and enjoyed being a kid again . It is fun just eating popcorn and watching an old western !
 There are 24 movies in this set . If you want to look it up further , just go to echo bridge entertainment website .
 Russell Crowe was excellent in this movie . He can look like any type of character with such ease . Russell is one of the finest actors living today . I found the movie very entertaining and well done .
 What 's not to like with the excellent script and superb actors in yet another incredible BBC drama . We love this mini-series and continue to play it often .
 Wow ! I could n't stop watching this well-written , well cast , fabulously performed movie . From the opening moments until the credits rolled , it blew my eyes out . McAvoy is obviously the best known actor to Americans , but the entire cast was STUNNING . Even those with small parts were entirely believable and added their piece to making this one incredible mini series . There was only one tiny misstep and that is why did the police shoot to kill the hitman when they could have taken him down without that ? Ah , I guess the answer is that you would n't have had such a great time unraveling `` who dunnit ! ''
 The British have shown us once again what excellent television is . Thought provoking , insightful and provocative . Brilliant acting . Loved it !
 Originally aired in 2003 in Great Britain , and in 2011 in the States , this BBC produced six-part series calls for compulsive watching.Directed by David Yates and written by Paul Abbott , State of Play follows a group of journalists , John Simm , Kelly Macdonald , Bill Nighy , and James McAvoy investigating the death of a young assistant to a Member of Parliament , David Morrissey.Apart from having an absolutely enthralling storyline , the series is perfectly cast . Watch for an Oh so very young James McAvoy and a wonderful Kelly Macdonald playing a Scottish lass . I love her accent .
 Everything about this is amazing . The acting is amazing . The story is full of unpredictable twists and turns . Much , much , much better than the film remake ! Though in fairness , the movie had only 2 hours to convey what the mini-series allowed to unfold over 6 .
 I caught the series first on BBC America and wanted to see what had been edited out . Very good program with good/great actors and directing . Everyone should check it out
 I heartily agree with the high praises this production has accrued . It is a masterful blend of an intelligent and throughly credible story-line , superb acting , a finely-tuned pitch of suspense , and thought-provoking relevance . Highly recommended .
 One of the best series I have ever watched . If I could I would give it more than 5 stars . I discovered State of Play quite by accident when checking out James MacAvoy 's filmography . John Simm was totally unknown to me and was great in the lead role . David Morissey , Bill Nighy , Kelly MacDonald , Polly Walker , and of course , James MacAvoy filled out the main cast . I was immediately drawn into the story and could n't wait for each installment . I then made the mistake of watching the movie with Ben Affleck and Russell Crowe , for comparison . I love Ben and Russell , but it was so disappointing , even though by then I was in on the twists in the plot , the original story was so much better than the one they ended up with in the movie . Sometimes you just can not get the same results from a story without taking some time to let the plot and characters develop . This is a case in point . Highly recommend even for those who are not James MacAvoy fans , and for those who are , definitely a must see .
 This excellent political/journalism drama features terrific acting and directing supported by a great script.In six episodes , I had a hard time refraining from watching the entire show at once . Totally worthwhile .
 The Brits , who put us to shame when it comes to mysteries and complex characterization , hsve done it again with this brilliant miniseries . Cast is superb , although the Engish subtitles should be used to pick up the dialogue from the Scottish reporter . The multi-talented Bill Nighy stands apart as the wily editor . His sly mannerisms and droll humor are a hoot . Do n't miss this exceptional DVD .
 One of the best ever , TV or film .10 times better than the movie and the movie was pretty good.As good as any TV series I 've ever watch anywhere.Masterpiece .
 `` State of Play '' is a wonderful political thriller that crosses a group of newspaper reporters , members of Parliament and the police . It is directed in six one-hour parts by David Yates who directed the most recent Harry Potter films . `` State of Play '' has a superb cast including many familiar faces
 WOW . This is one heck of a heart-pounding roller coaster ride . In some ways , it was like `` All The President 's Men '' on speed.Everything about this series was top notch
 `` State Of Play '' -LRB- 2003 -RRB- This BBC-produced miniseries is a taut , intelligent political thriller with fine acting contributions , notably from the venerable Bill Nighy , who plays an arch , politically savvy newspaper editor . A series of seemingly random killings appear to be linked by ties to a multinational oil conglomerate ... and our heroes have to discover the truth of what happened , lest more lives be lost . If you like thrillers that are n't packed with overly-recognizable A-list Hollywood types , then this one 's for you ! -LRB- Joe Sixpack , Slipcue film reviews -RRB-
 Political thrillers are always very tricky and difficult , maybe even dangerous . But the BBC loves those difficulties and carries them out with grace and effectiveness . The paramour of an English MP around 2005 , hence quite obviously under a Labor government , dies by being pushed in front of an underground train in London . The MP is chairing a special committee on energy and is confronted to the hostility of oil companies and other energy lobbies . At the very same time a young black man is killed in an alley and another witness of this killing is shot though not dead . Are the three events connected since they happen in exactly the same time bracket , in sequence and in the same area?It will appear that the killer of the two people on the surface is the person who pushed the lady-friend of the MP , a lady who was important because she had just been hired by the MP for her energy competence and expertise , though it will appear that she was by far not the best qualified person and that she was very directly connected with one dominant oil company . So why was she hired ? Pressure on the MP or favoritism from the MP ? In the middle of the series we learn that she was pregnant , which the MP ignored . Most of the investigation is done by a small team of journalists and one important editor in one London newspaper . The police is marginalized by this active press team , and they resent it for a long time , though after a while they have to reckon the journalists have methods that enable them to get more information out of the witnesses , and even eventually the MP and other members of the majority and government . Just for this responsible but obstinate and constant role of English journalists this miniseries is a lesson to the world about the media , even concerning the clear pressure they are under from political bodies and from corporations , often disguised as some kind of criminal activity.To do that job is a real fight with the world , life and even death when a witness dies before questioning , or a murderer is shot dead at point blank by the special forces of the police preventing any kind of questioning and truth discovering , which can only come after an arrest , not a burial . The second genial element in this film is of course the tremendous case of lobbies , here oil and energy lobbies , and how they infiltrate all kinds of bodies to get direct information from inside , and at times this infiltration is done with the help and support of some members of the cabinet -LRB- ministers in other words , members of the government -RRB- . They also use a lot of money to cover up all kinds of shady events and to pay all kinds of bills so that the beneficiaries are more lenient and attentive to their recommendations . That kind of lobbying is clearly criminal in the fact that it is always trying to hijack the political machine and to impose their interests as the norm for everyone . It is unjust , unequal , discriminatory , unreasonable most of the time , since it is the will of the very few who gets the ears of the decision makers of a nation and it is the interests of these few that are taken into account instead of the more objective needs of the vast majority , of the many . This miniseries is crystal clear about that kind of functioning and the perverse effects it may have on the governmental and legislative machines . But the film is a lot more than just that.It is full of suspense and that suspense never stops till the very last minute of the sixth episode . The suspense is about the role of the MP , the determination of his best friend , the freelance journalist leading the investigation , the wavering of the MP 's wife who should be irreversibly angry at that paramour and affair , and at the pregnancy of that outsider , and she should either accept the situation for the sake of their children , or ask for a divorce , the second probably first . But she beats about the bush and develops an affair with the journalist for the obvious reason of getting some information from him , and drops him at the end with the beautiful words `` arrogant prick '' . And it is at this moment the role of the MP in the killing is going to be finally discovered with a final revelation from him to the journalist . Have a good time watching that miniseries of nearly six hours and never believe what you may think is obvious at any moment in the film.It is so well built that you will have to wait for the last five minutes to finally be sure of what the truth is , just like journalists must do
 I enjoyed completely all the chapters of this miniseries , it was thrilling . I did n't expect what happens at the end . The performances from all the actors are great . I was n't desapointed at all . I wanted to watch it before I 'll go to the movies to watch the version of this story in Rusell 's Crow new movie with the same title . I am very satisfied with the adquisition of this DVD .
 When I watched `` State of Play '' , I made a BIG mistake
 Well written , superbly cast , well acted , good ending -- a thinking Brit 's thriller with newspaper reporters and editors as the heroes .
 I was captivated from the start and was sorry to see it end . I especially liked seeing the interplay between politicos , journalists and police . Highly recommended .
 Excellent ! BBC is always great , and this is no exception . Fast paced and interesting to watch . Enjoyed every minute ! Highly recommend . Bill Nighy -LRB- as usual ! -RRB- is great , as are the other cast members .
 I tend to purchase DVD 's that star actors whom I admire and whose work I enjoy watching . Bill Nighy , McAvoy , Morrissey are but a few of them and do not disappoint . This miniseries is loaded with formidable British actors . The suspense is electric and the characterizations are crisp and often malevolent , which British espionage thrillers do so well . I highly recommend this one .
 Best journalism movie sinceAll the President 's Men -LRB- Two-Disc Special Edition -RRB- , and Bill Nighy is perfect and fabulous as the managing editor .
 A conspiracy thriller which depicts the relalationship between politics and the press , and goverment and corporate power .
 I 'm so happy that I bought the BBC miniseries . The Hollywood version was horrible !
 This 2 DVD Set About 6 Hours Long With Closed Caption -LRB- Subtitles -RRB- / / Is One Of The Best Mystery Series That I Have Ever Seen/The Acting Of The Complete Cast Is Wonderful All Pros/This Series Has A Really Great Ending That No One Can Guess / / So If You Have The Time Treat Yourself To BBC State Of PlayStanley Cooper Jupiter Florida -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This production is the best for this type of story . There are a lot of stories that need to be untangled in order to make sense . I had to put the English subtitles on just to understand the various accents -LRB- a plus -RRB- . It was a joy to watch .
 Strong story supported by strong actors make for a strong story . This moves fast but at a nice pace . Only downplay on this one the actors accents are somewhat thick and you will need to rewind and replay . But you will be glad you saw this . Janet McTeer is amazingly subtle as the retiring detective and Bill Nighy is the true editor that will protect his story even if he knows not what the story is yet . I do n't even think the American movie version could live up to this version . That 's why the british did it first ...
 Thank you for the prompt delivery of my order . Excellent condition as promised . Look forward to more DVD 's in the future .
 Even thought this series was produced in 2003 , the depiction of the British press and the manipulative tactics they undertake to get their story is very timely and makes me think of the current phone hacking scandal in the UK . The way the story unravels through the persistant digging by the reporters is very exciting . The focus of guilt keeps shifting and keeps you on the edge of your seat . This works better as a movie that you watch all at once , rather than the episodic treatment currently seen on BBC America . I recommend the DVD .
 This is , without a doubt , one of the absolute best mini-series produced in England , second only to the Prime Suspect series with England 's finest actor , Helen Mirren . Taut , well written script brought to life with superb acting particularly by Bill Nighy who never gives a bad performance and Kelly MacDonald -LRB- Gosford Park -RRB- . Too many reviewers have rehashed the story ; therefore , I will spare you . But , I must say this is an ABSOLUTE MUST BUY for your library.Nothing since Band of Brothers has been made decent television viewing much less Emmy deserving . This was made in 2003 and the English both before and after have beaten the US film makers -LRB- TV -RRB- hands down and this is the best of the best.You wo n't regret purchasing State of Play -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
 I was n't familiar with this drama when I checked it out from the library but soon spent the majority of my Sunday watching this . Featuring a wonderful cast and well-written script , this political-media thriller wo n't disappoint . I would have given it 5 stars if the ending was n't so frustrating , but then I suppose how else could have it ended ? Definitely not predictable and will keep you guessing till the end . Please note there are 6 episodes , with 750 minutes -LRB- 12.5 hours -RRB- total so be prepared to watch as you can give it your full attention or you will be at a loss when trying to keep track .
 This is a five star + mini-series , exquisitely written , with a superb plot and cast . If only there were more programs of such high caliber!Perhaps the last time a movie captured the excitement and intrigue of investigative journalism was `` All the President 's Men '' . What sets this mini-series apart is the seamless blend of politics , corporate greed , police detective work and dogged investigative journalism . It is a must-see for anyone considering a career in journalism -- the untiring curiosity and unceasing questions that must be asked to uncover the truth.As the threads of the plot unravel , evidence of other motives and sub-plots emerge . So finely are the layers woven together , that the viewer is glued to the screen waiting for more . Read the other multiple reviews for specifics of the story . But , do watch this outstanding piece of British drama .
 If you 've read all 37 or 38 reviews to this point , you 'll probably have worked out that ` State of Play ' is really rather good . My wife and I got the DVD for Christmas and if it were n't for the fact we have two small kids , and therefore do n't get much sleep , we would have watched all six episodes in one evening . Alas , we had to end the first night after just three , and could only manage two the following evening . That left one glorious , highly anticipated episode which we watched last night . Of course , this morning we feel rather sad it 's all over.Without a doubt , the most gripping TV drama I have ever seen .
 These Miniseries are excellent , if you like sophisticated scripts , good acting , intelligent ambiance , this is for you . No one can beat the British on this genre .
 It 's hard to invest six hours on a TV movie but I had no regrets after watching this accomplished story of a wayward British politician . As usual in a UK drama , people lacked the physical perfection -LRB- and general implausibility -RRB- of most American TV actors but more than made up for this with gritty , real-world characterizations . The dialogue is regional ; American viewers may need captions to keep up with the dense plot , but please do that for full enjoyment . Bill Nighy -LRB- ` NOTES ON A SCANDAL ' -RRB- gives an entertaining performance as a Ben Bradlee-type newspaper editor . David Morrissey -LRB- BASIC INSTINCT -RRB- is compelling as the tortured MP and John Simm is authentic as the world-weary journalist . Watch out for James McAvoy -LRB- ATONEMENT , KING OF SCOTLAND -RRB- in one of his early roles . Ask yourself
 I got this DVD on a Satuday evening and thought I 'd watch the first of the six episodes . Four hours later , I had to stop because I was sleepy but the next morning I immediately finished off the last two hours . This is a great mini series and I highly recommend it . The interplay between the press and the politicians seems realistic and the plot is pleasantly complicated . Do n't count on doing something else while watching this -- it will take your full attention to follow the twists and turns of this brilliant movie . Bill Nighy , as the newspaper editor , steals every scene he 's in and you 'll also get a look at James McAvoy before he got more well-known for his performance in `` Atonement '' . If you 've seen the new version of this with Russell Crowe and Ben Affleck -- this one is more complex and interesting .
 A very interesting movie . The premise was exciting and the acting was well done . An early James McAvoy
 Although we struggled with the Manchester accent , this did n't deter us from really , really enjoying the miniseries . The acting was great and the plot moved quickly . We spent a lot of time discussing the events and trying to unravel the whys and wherefores . That 's what a good movie is all about . The character Dominic was a bit overdone because he started out as a sort of comical feature of the story but as it moved on he became a pathetic victim . The writers could have improved this aspect of the story . Bill Nighy , however , was fantastic.This is another keeper but to be lent out to friends .
 Believe what everyone else has said . The story and the acting -LRB- lots of names/faces you 'll know -RRB- is top notch . I rate this as some of the BEST television I 've ever watched ; the other shows being Our Friends in the North and Life on Mars -LRB- both also out of the UK -RRB- . You 'll be hard pressed to stop watching till you are done and you 'll hate that it is over ; however , it is one you can watch a number of times . Brilliant - TV at its best .
 If there were more stars I would give it more . It is a little hard to understand but if you stick with it , it will begin to fall into place.I wish there were more British mysteries like this . I highly recommend it for something different .
 The series is riveting , dramatic and suspenseful , everything American television is not . The series is believable , the actors ply their craft with a passion not often seen or experienced on out small screen.Thoroughly enjoyable and I will be looking for more of this to enjoy .
 This was an excellent TV series ! It features some of my favorite British actors . Bill Nighy is excellent with his deadpan humor in his role as editor ~ but so are all the others . The script never drags along so the audience can not lose interest . It has been produced for American television -LRB- condensed to two hours with a different setting and different stars -RRB- due out in April 2009 . I do n't see how one could improve on the original , however . It is well worth the time you will invest in watching . It truly does have an unexpected twist at the end !
 being a John Simm fan am always on the lookout . this is great tv even if a bit dated . Always find Amazon spot on for finding and delivering the goods . Thanks
 Let 's face it , the BBC puts American TV to absolute shame . While US TV continues to crank out a potpourri of lowest common denominator claptrap , the BBC produces quality , exciting , very well written and acted productions , such as State of Play . It 's worth every penny ! And while you 're at it , check out The State Within too . Another fantastic effort from the BBC .
 I loved it ! Great actors , lot of suspense , well directed . Bill Nighy 's performance alone is enough reason to see it ! I agree with others that towards the end it looses a bit of grip , but to me it 's still an excellent series and I enjoyed it immensely !
 Excellent mini-series . Looking forward to feature film based on this story to come to theaters . Filming now with Russell Crowe , Helen Mirren and Ben Affleck .
 I bought this from Amazon in July . Unfortunately , I only opened it last week to find out it was a defective on the first disk . It played the first and third episodes perfectly but the second episode had 20 minutes of skipping . Amazon has absolutely no way of reporting this after your window of return has expired . So buyer beware . If you are slow to view your DVD 's you can be screwed . I have always had good luck with Amazon until now.The series is excellent and quite intriguing until the end . I enjoyed it despite the skipping in the middle .
 `` The more compelling moments of the series come not in the various subplots surround the mystery in front of us -- although it is a great mystery indeed -- but in how indoctrinate and incestuous the interplay between politics , media , and industry are in the modern information age . All three stand at cross-purposes , yet secretly acknowledge that none can succeed without careful consideration of the other two . Vital communication often runs deep underneath the observed interactions between the groups , taking place in back-room meetings and clandestine e-mails , and through veiled threats . '' Judge ArsenaultHaving just come off the viewing of 10 weeks of the critically acclaimed HBO 's TV show ` The Wire ' , I needed a pick me up , and wowser did I find one . This BBC 6 show series that aired in 2004 has it all and it is an even toss up with me as to which show is best , ` The Wire ' or ` State of Play ' . In both series the acting is superb . Bill Nighy as the wry , buttoned down , full of himself editor of the Herald hits the mark every time and won the UK 's Best Actor award . Polly Walker known to most of us from HBO 's ` Rome ' is the politician 's wife and is flawless . David Morrissey , as the politician , John Simm and Kelly Macdonald as the intrepid reporters for the Herald mark this cast as fully realized.The shotgun murder of a drug-related killing , and the apparent accidental death of Sonia Baker , a researcher for Member of Parliament Stephen Collins seems unrelated . The one difference is the makings of a scandal when the news of Sonia 's death hits the streets . Stephen Collins the Parliament member who employed Sonia is visibly shocked and upset when her death is announced . The editor of the Herald suspects some hanky-panky and sends two of his best investigative reporters out to look the matter over . Cal McCaffrey and Della Smith find that these two deaths are not only related but were linked to the oil industry and the British government . One scandal after another is uncovered and this minor story soon leaps to the largest story of the year.The story of corruption and mayhem and lies and deceit are all realistic . The fact that the media , government and industry could all be in collusion seems all too true to those of us in the US looking at the war in Iraq and what has been wrought . What we do n't count on is that once we think we have everything figured out , a new twist occurs . Some of this is a little over the top , but the superb acting counters any fallacy . ` State Of Play ' shines on the media , in this case , the newspaper , the Herald . Financial success is intertwined with the government , and it is not easy to convince the CEO and the board that publishing the story is the right thing to do . Everyone in this series is touched in some manner by the final decisions and actions that take place . The action , the suspense , the writing , the cinematography are all as one to produce one of the best BBC series I have viewed . Helen Mirren and Russell Crowe are at this moment filming a movie version of this series . We have the best here , how could they ever top this series?Highly , Highly Recommended . prisrob 03-13-08The Girl in the Cafe8 1/2 Women
 State of Play -LRB- Miniseries -RRB- Outstanding story , great cast and superb direction ! The cast includes some of the best British actors of current day . A great story that , for once , does n't talk down to the audience . If you appreciate a good suspense film try this one . Everyone I have shown this to loves it . I ca n't imagine how this can be shortened into a feature length movie , at least the film is using the original writer . Here 's to hoping that there will be a second season of this series .
 I caught most of this series on BBC America , but the Tevo missed the last episode and I 've been waiting with baited breath for the commercial release in the US . This is so well scripted and acted , it is as good at television gets these days -LRB- this and The Wire -RRB- . I 'd definitely suggest seeing the BBC original over what I imagine will be a mediocre Hollywood adaptation that should be out in late 2008 .
 This riveting mini-series from the BBC is television drama of the highest order . We watched it over a period of six weeks on PBS . On the seventh Sunday , we were bereft . Its brilliance is undeniable.The cast is incredible - John Simm -LRB- Life on Mars -RRB- , David Morrissey -LRB- later to attempt self-immolation of his career inBasic Instinct 2 -LRB- Unrated , Extended Cut -RRB- -RRB- , Bill Nighy -LRB- Still Crazyand countless other classic , untouchable pieces of droll excellence -RRB- , Polly Walker -LRB- Rome - The Complete First Season -RRB- and Kelly Macdonald -LRB- No Country for Old Men -RRB- ... oh yeah , and a smaller role by one James McAvoy , since gone very large in little things like , oh , The Last King of Scotland -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- andAtonement -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- . He gets pumped up here with middle of the cover box treatment , but his role is smaller.The excellence of the production hangs on the intersection of journalist Cal McCaffrey , as portrayed by Simm , and MP Stephen Collins , as portrayed here by Morrissey . To complicate issues between the two , Collins ' winning campaign for MP was managed by McCaffrey , and there 's the not small matter of Cal 's less-than-subtle pining for Collins ' wife -LRB- Walker -RRB- . Over 500 IMDB reviewers have weighed in with an average review of 8.8 -LRB- on a 10 scale -RRB- , pretty much a chart-blower by that discriminating audience -LRB- The Godfather and The Shawshank Redemption are 9.1 -RRB- .
 This is an outstanding BBC Mini-Series that aired in 2003 . A British politicians assistant is found dead on the subway -LRB- underground -RRB- . Is this a random incident or is there more to the story . Complex , with great dialog and a taut script . Well acted . I saw this when it aired and have been waiting for the DVD . This is TV as it should be .
 A couple of years ago , while reviewing `` The Queen , '' I wistfully semi-wished for a West Wing-type TV series set in the world of British politics . Turns out such a series already existed , the BBC 's 2003 series , `` State of Play , '' released at last on region one DVD.Stephen Collins -LRB- David Morrissey -RRB- is a rising young hotshot Member of Parliament and chairman of the ostensibly independent Energy Select Committee . On the same morning that his beautiful young research assistant Sonia dies under mysterious circumstances in a subway station , a teenage bag-snatcher is shot to death on the other side of London . While investigating the teenage boy 's death , newspaper reporters Cal McCaffrey -LRB- John Simm -RRB- and Della Smith -LRB- Kelly McDonald -RRB- realize that the youngster made a phone call to Sonia the morning they both died . Further controversy arises when it 's revealed Collins was romantically involved with his assistant . There 's another wrinkle
 The best of British acting talent , a relentless script , brilliant direction , furious pacing , and all the elements come together with no loose story ends . It can be watched numerous times and yield new treasures on each occasion .
 It is shows like this that make cable or satellite TV worth the extra expense from over the air broadcast.There was a time the US made decent mini-series , but as the public airwaves became less for the public and more for the broadcasters ' profit margins , the downhill spiral of quality began , and now we are the land of such high brow programing as Are You Smarter Than a Third Grader ? Or watching people prostitute themselves for their 15 minutes of fame by appearing on shows like The Apprentice , or Survivor.Our cable and day time TV , even worse , Dr. Phil ? Please , give me the chance to be on TV and I 'll let you rip me apart emotionally . But if one surfs long enough , you can find outstanding shows.The Brits do n't do long dragged out series , the original Office , six episodes per season , two seasons . MI-5 , six episodes per season and we are up to six seasons . Wire In The Blood , Silent Witness , six episodes per season and still going strong . Life on Mars which sadly the writers only allowed two seasons of 6 episodes each , concluded this year . All fine shows , made without the being lowered to lowest common denominator.State Of Play is not only in the same class as those shows referenced above , but in fact may surpass . Others have set out the plot line , and intrigue so I wo n't revisit or reveal more.However , I strongly suggest purchasing and viewing this excellent mini-series because as with anything of any quality , American producers have grabbed a hold of this and are going to turn it into a movie . And not like the Lord of the Rings kind of movie where all of the plots and subplots play out over three movies . No , they are going to take 350 minutes of high drama , political intrigue , and the presses inability to provide objective coverage without undue influence , and if we are lucky , we will receive 120 minutes , or approximately 1/3 of the story.Save yourself the trouble of paying for a cheap knockoff , and watch the real thing . Turn off those `` reality '' shows , tell Dr. Phil that pop psychology as entertainment is not only unethical , but pathetic , not just on the part of the shows ' guests , but on the host himself.BBC may only be able to keep producing quality shows if their viewer ship extends beyond their advertising free public airwaves . Yep , advertising free , like PBS used to be.I 've seen this on BBCA but out of my loyalty for quality TV , I 'm buying not one set , but two . One for me , one for someone as a gift .
 I saw Kevin MacDonald 's film of `` State of Play '' before I saw the BBC miniseries on which it was based . The movie is very good , but the miniseries -- with its more clearly delineated characters and its greater sense of tragedy -- has to be one of the best television shows I have ever seen . Paul Abbott 's writing is a marvel , combining an intricate yet coherent plot with dazzling dialogue . The acting is also first-rate ; I had never seen the show 's stars , John Simm and David Morrissey , in anything before , but I certainly hope to do so again . The supporting cast , meanwhile , is stuffed with many of my British Rep favorites -- Bill Nighy , Kelly Macdonald , James McAvoy , Polly Walker -- and they are as wonderful as ever . This version of `` State of Play '' is not only superior to the movie , but in my opinion stands with `` All the President 's Men '' and `` Nothing But the Truth '' as the best screen delineation ever of the uneasy relationship between journalism and politics .
 Excellent . `` State of Play , '' is without question one of the best written television thriller , adult-oriented -LRB- and I do n't mean sexual content -RRB- I 've ever seen . -LRB- And it 's certainly in the running for the top honors . -RRB- I have n't been this satisfied by a political suspense thriller since I saw `` The Lives of Others '' -LRB- Germany , 2006 - winner of the Oscar for Best Foriegn Language film , 2006 -RRB- . Yes , `` State of Play '' is that good !
 Top notch writing , directing and cast . Exciting . Keeps you at the edge of your seat the entire time . Hard to keep yourself from watching it all in one sitting even though it 's several hours long .
 Forget the lame 2009 movie ; the 2003 BBC miniseries that inspired it is the keeper . Think of it as an updated and sexier version of All The President 's Men , but you ca n't guess how it ends.I first saw this excellent six-part political murder mystery in the UK , where it enthralled everyone . It deserved the gaggle of BAFTAs it won that year . I 'm delighted to have it now on DVD , especially as it features commentary for the first and last episodes.The extremely complex story starts with a bang , literally
 BBC created miniseries about MP with a secret life . MP is young , seemingly immune to corruption an happily maried to a successful business woman with whom he has two children . Then suddenly , tragedy strikes . His young research assistant who helps him on legal issues regarding oil industry is killed . She is shot and pushed under the train.Being that politics and media go hand in hand , media becomes particularly interested in a case when MP can not hide his distress and tears from the public , journalists and TV camera . It is obvious to everyone that connection between the young researcher and her boss is more intimate.I loved all the characters involved in the story as they were perfectly developed . One can not be but intrigued with connection between lobbyists , politicians , government and media . Shattered families and personal lives and feelings are only minor side effects in this compelling story.Great cast , some of the British finest . I particularly liked Bill Nighy -LRB- in his role of a newspaper editor -RRB- , James McAvoy -LRB- his son , freelance journalist with estranged relationship with his editor father -RRB- and Polly Walker -LRB- MP 's distressed wife who is the picture perfect of a modern wife and mother that takes charge of her own destiny and life -RRB- . Be prepared for the shocking and unexpected closure of the story .
 This is a wonderful production . So smart and very entertaining.My husband and I loved it .
 Very intriguing British mystery . Thoroughly enjoyed it but I must admit I had to use English subtitles since some of the accents were pretty heavy . I recommend it .
 Item was as described or better , arrived very quickly , professionally packed . Recommended . Great UK Mini-series !
 This is one of the best things I 've seen on television - ever . The story , the acting , the action , the filming - all first rate . I have to admit that I thought the end was a little contrived , but when I gave it more than a moment 's thought , I realized that a man could be `` a woman scorned '' and end up shooting himself in the foot while trying to get revenge for the wrong done to him by others .
 This one has it all -- a taut political thriller with the best actors in the business . Not only do you get Bill Nighy -LRB- think of his performance in `` Love Actually -RRB- , John Simm , Philip Glenister -LRB- the sparring police rivals from `` Life on Mars '' -RRB- and other sure-fire crowd pleasers , but Marc Warren 's performance alone is worth the price of admission ! Kudos to Paul Abbott -LRB- writer -RRB- and David Yates -LRB- director -RRB- . Drama does n't get any better than this !
 I loved this one
 This almost six-hour-long BBC miniseries is brilliant ! Great cast
 There was only one problem with this series ... the leading lady has a Scottish accent and a high voice ... it was often hard to understand her ... Bill Nighy is good , as always , and David Morrissey is excellent .
 The Series was good . Why is it that somebody ca n't do a series without such trashy language . Why ca n't everybody clean up the language .
 When I saw the movie , I felt there was something missing with the way the Russel Crowe character was developed ... He was far too central in a manner that appeared as though EVERYTHING eminated from his know-how ... how god-like is that ? Glady I sat through the movie -LRB- I did like it -RRB- and learned that it was based on a BBC teleplay . I ordered the DVD and as I watched it I could see that much of the Crowe 's movie character seemed very much a composite of characters that were in the BBC production . The DVD showed other reporters that , like real beat reporters , have a particular expertise in their given assignments . The movie showed a rivalry between blogger versus print ... The BBC production presented the cooperation between the reporting team . The movie lost that on the audience , instead EVERYTHING centered on Crowe . The BBC DVD had a good and realist ensemble of beat reporters in character . The pulse of the newsroom was depicted rather well , with its hard-nosed and quirky characters was done with some accuracy . All-in-all I was taken away with the BBC production . It had very strong character development that I believe was lost on the move . I 'm grateful that TV production provided so much more . John Simm was also brilliant in `` Life on Mars '' another favorite which also is far better than its US-counterpart .
 Wow ! Ditto for the first review . Best thing I have seen since '' North and South '' on BBC -LRB- which I also bought ! -RRB-
 A well acted , well crafted , story with lots of twists and turns , will keep you in suspense to the end . Interesting to see a very young McAvoy in a minor role .
 State of Play was suspenseful to the end , It kepted you guessing.most enjoyable.Certainly worth the time to watch it .
 This mini-series was jaw-dropping from beginning to end ! If you like `` 24 '' , you 'll LOVE this . . and I think it 's better !
 I really enjoyed this Miniseries ! I would love to see more Movies like this made ! The acting was well done by all cast members!This Miniseries has a little bit of everything that makes for a great story that will keep you going and wanting more each Episode.Mystery , Suspense , Murder , Romance , and that great dry British Humor here and there to make it even more fun and appealing . It has a lot of twists and turns within the story to throw you off and keep you guessing till the shocking end ! I 'm not giving it away ! But keep a hanky handy.I let a friend borrow it , she told me today she just started the first Episode . She 's hooked and already loves it !
 My first shipment of the DVD - State of Play arrived with a damaged disk . A new dvd was shipped upon my reporting the problem and the damaged dvd was returned postage free . I like this dealer because they consistantly offer British dvds at a very reasonable price . I am a big fan of BBC TV and movies , so I thank them for that .
 This mini-series is a taut thriller that I recommend to anyone . It 's no surprise that an American version is in the works . It is well written , the charcters are real , the choice of actors is perfect , and none of the dialogue is gratuitous . Very compelling TV .
 Gripping story , weak ending . I was really into this series and waited eagerly each week for the next episode . The acting is top notch and the writing clever , but the end , to me , was abrupt and it felt almost too simple . I wo n't give anything away , but I felt a little disappointed and had hoped for an epilogue of sorts to give us involved viewers some closure . i do want to mention that the series is far better than the movie remake .
 I am looking to find out what the song is being played in episode 5 when the editorial staff is in the bar . The song was played earlier in the season , too , but I ca n't remember what episode.Thanks
 As I write , the Press Lord of Great Britain and the United States , putting aside other nations in which his media disseminate their product , has just been testifying before a Parliamentary Committee on the illegal and unethical practices in which his media have admittedly engaged . It is not now a question of whether it was done but who knew about knew that it was being done and who ordered it to be done.This extended BBC television drama is a tense exciting view of the interactions among powerful economic , political , communications and law enforcement elites . It is best viewed with an open mind , as a drama in which some guys -LRB- male and female -RRB- can be seen as Good , some as Evil , and , most , as some combination of the two . The acting is top-notch , ditto the script , ditto the direction , ditto the filming -LRB- cinematography -RRB- . Depending on one 's personal outlook one will sympathize with one or another individual character . It is to the credit of the creative staff that none comes out without being tarnished in some way , everyone fails to live up to the ideals of their roles . To what extent this fiction can be generalized beyond the specific case , as probably the writers desired , certainly , I could not say . My reading of the film is that it shows clearly that nobody comes to the table with clean hands regardless of their motives ; I assume that is what the film was intended to show.The film begins with a murder and adds another early on . I found the revelations with regard to the perpetrator -LRB- one who saw that these were done -RRB- to be almost entirely subordinated to other concerns . In fact , the murder seemed only to be a dramatic device to add punch , seasoning , to the central story . You may see otherwise . Regardless , the average viewer of law and order/press drama , should find this mini-series quite satisfying .
 Action , suspense , politics , social commentary , great writing , great characters , great acting - there 's nothing to dislike here.Any recounting of the plot would spoil the pleasures of watching it all unfold for the first time . And the pleasures hold up on repeated viweings - I 've watched this 4 times in the last year.I highly recommend this DVD - and though I 've not seen the truncated and Americanized remake , I know it ca n't compare to the original . So watch this one !
 This is simply one of the best shows I have seen , and I have seen quite a few . It is long but I wanted it to be even longer . Top notch stuff here !
 State of Play by BBC miniseries is the best thing I 've ever seen on TV . The only thing I did n't like about it was that it ended . It was given to me by one of my sisters who loved it . Though it is six one-hour episodes , I watched this with my husband and mother over the course of three days ... we were totally addicted . It was suspenseful and quite humorous in parts in addition to being a great murder mystery . I am buying this for my other sister as I know she will love it , too . I recommend watching this before watching the movie State of Play with Russell Crowe .
 It is n't often that something literally comes along and changes the standards of a viewer for an entire genre . By the time I got through the nearly six hour of State Of Play the first time around , that was exactly what had happened to me . Having watched it again in virtually one sitting I am once again surprised not only by how well the mini-series holds up during a second -LRB- or in my case fourth -RRB- viewing but just how high the quality of the mini-series really is.To begin with , the series features one essential element for any good story
 I discovered the BBC series -LRB- from Amazon reviews -RRB- only after watching the Hollywood film , which pales in comparison . In fact , the BBC series , `` State of Play , '' was so good that I sat for 360 minutes watching it in its entirety . As suspenseful as it is well acted , this intelligent political thriller had me riveted to my television set , to such an extent that I could think of doing nothing else until the plot with all its complex twists unfolded to its conclusion . I can hardly wait to play the commentaries of episodes one and six -LRB- but not tonight -- or rather , this morning -RRB- . I especially enjoyed the performances of John Simm as the persistent , but conflicted , investigative reporter ; Bill Nighy in his inimitable persona as the crusty managing editor ; and James McAvoy as the son , whom Nighy deigns to hire as long as the young man uses his mother 's maiden name . All the characters were well developed and one came to care about them -LRB- although the Member of Parliament at the center of the budding scandal , was cast in what I think was a thankless role in that he emerged as a bit of a whiner -RRB- . The BBC has provided English subtitles , so that not a word of the fast-paced script will be missed.I recommend this engrossing suspense yarn for anyone who likes to be kept on the edge of one 's seat for six hours that will seem to fly by .
 I ordered this series long before the movie came out . I really enjoyed it and was quite excited when I heard the story was being made into a film starring one of my absolute favs , Helen Mirren . This BBC series is MUCH better than the film . The relationships are explored more fully and I found the ending of the series much more satisfying . If you saw the film and liked it , I think you will prefer this series version .
 State of Play kept my attention every step of the way with well developed characters , action , and layered plot . It 's one of the best dramas that I 've ever seen on TV . Each turn and twist ; each relationship ; politics , journalism , or love interest keeps you guessing the next step . Great writing and great acting put this series at the top . Loved it !
 The plot of the series was so complex I have viewed the DVDs at least twice to catch all the nuances . Acting superb .
 Honestly , one of my top five for best acting and plot.I found I had some difficulty understanding parts of the dialogue not only because of the accent but the colloquial as well . So I started over using ` subtitles ' . Problem solved . So much easier following the story and all of the nuances surrounding it .
 The DVD arrived neatly packaged and completely scratch-free . Plays perfectly and has high quality sound and visuals . The reversible slip-cover is a nice touch.Anyone purchasing this series should at least have volume 3 for the sake of owning episode 14 . While having the context of the original PC game Fate/Stay Night supports the context of the episode , it is still solid and enjoyable on its ' own . The English vocal dub track is passable . I recommend the Japanese track instead due to better vocal expression/voice matches and higher levels of GAR .
 AS THE MAGE WARS RAGES ... SABER AND HER MASTER ARE NOT EXACTLY TEAM PLAYERS . THEY BICKER AND ARGUE AS TO THE BEST WAY TO FIGHT THE MYSTERY WITCH AT THE TEMPLE , AND AFTERWARDS SABER GOES OUT TO FIGHT HER ALONE , RUNNING INTO THE SIXTH SERVANT , ASSASSIN -LRB- FOR THOSE KEEPING TRACK THERE IS SABER , ARCHER , RIDER , LANCER , AND BERSERKER . THE ONLY ONE LEFT IS CASTER -RRB- . WHILE THE TWO FIGHT IT OUT , RIDER TRIES TO USE THE CONFUSION TO KILL ASSASSIN 'S MASTER , BUT RETREATS AFTER A FAILED ATTEMPT . AFTER THE FIGHT SABER AND SHIROU HAVE ANOTHER ARGUEMENT ABOUT ATTACKING THE WITCH , BUT BOTH SOON REALIZE THAT THEY ARE BOTH TRYING TO PROTECT EACH OTHER AND A MORE PERSONAL BOND STARTS TO GROW . MEANWHILE SABER AND RIN BOTH DECIDE IT IS TIME TO IMPROVE SHIROU 'S COMBAT AND MAGIC ABILITIES , WHICH INCLUDE BEATING HIM SENSELESS AND MAKING HIM BREAK THINGS WHILE LEARNING CONTROL . DURING A BREAK IN THE ACTION , SHIROU RUNS INTO BERSERKER 'S MASTER AND LEARNS THAT SHE REALLY IS NOT A BAD PERSON . LIKE HIM , SHE IS FORCED INTO THE GRAIL WARS AS A MASTER THROUGH A TWIST OF FATE.BUT THINGS GO FROM BAD TO WORSE WHEN RIDER 'S MASTER ACTIVATES A BARRIER TO SUCK THE LIFE OUT OF ALL HIS CLASSMATES TO STRENGTHEN HIS SERVANT , LEADING TO AN ALL OUT BATTLE BETWEEN ONCE-FRIENDS AND SERVANTS . FORCING RIDER TO RETREAT WAS A PARTIAL VICTORY SINCE SHE HAS A LATENT ABILITY THAT ALLOWS HER TO ESCAPE BATTLE AND FORCES A FINAL CONFRONTATION BETWEEN SABER AND RIDER . THE BEST PART IS WHEN SABER FINALLY REVEALS WHAT HER WEAPON IS AND GIVES US ALL A MAJOR CLUE AS TO WHO SHE REALLY IS -LRB- SORRY FOLKS , HER IDENTITY IS STILL NOT OUT THERE DESPITE WHAT THE BOX SAYS . -RRB- SO FAR THE SERIES HAS NOT DISAPPOINTED WITH THE STORY AND THE ANIMATION . I LOOK FORWARD TO THE NEXT DISC ...
 This movie is pretty much what it says , explicit transfers of `` Archival Print '' with an Asian woman in each scene . Shooting quality is n't too bad , though focus is obviously manually adjusted here and there . The film obviously degraded prior to being scanned , so there is some screen static throughout , and no original sound . The scenes are certainly contrived , but many of the women are attractive , and I enjoyed it . This is a DVD for people who enjoy some older erotica , without implants or extreme overacting . It 's certainly not an exploration of the ancient cultures of Asia , or even really a wide variety of Asian women.This disc has six scenes -LRB- with a total run-time of around 53 minutes -RRB- ; one scene where a blond guy visits an Asian `` massage '' parlor , three threesomes , the MMMF scene , and one scene with an Asian woman and her black boyfriend.There are n't any extras to speak of . The scene selection only links to four scenes on the disc , and in fact there are no `` chapters '' to jump between . The disc is fair quality , but both Windows Media Player and my DVD player kind of `` froze '' at the end of the disc .
 This movie is pretty much what it says , explicit transfers of `` Archival Print '' with an Asian woman in each scene . Shooting quality is n't too bad , though focus is obviously manually adjusted here and there . The film obviously degraded prior to being scanned , so there is some screen static throughout , and no original sound . The scenes are certainly contrived , but many of the women are attractive , and I enjoyed it . This is a DVD for people who enjoy some older erotica , without implants or extreme overacting . It 's certainly not an exploration of the ancient cultures of Asia , or even really a wide variety of Asian women.This disc has six scenes -LRB- with a total run-time of around 53 minutes -RRB- ; one scene where a blond guy visits an Asian `` massage '' parlor , three threesomes , the MMMF scene , and one scene with an Asian woman and her black boyfriend.There are n't any extras to speak of . The scene selection only links to four scenes on the disc , and in fact there are no `` chapters '' to jump between . The disc is fair quality , but both Windows Media Player and my DVD player kind of `` froze '' at the end of the disc .
 This film was very informative and intriguing . The research is thorough and easy to follow .
 Scientific and Medical findings on our Brain and mental function are accumulating fast . This video gives good update .
 I am amazed how the brain functions are configured to work the way they do . Also , the DVD gives us a clear view of this powerful organ which coordinates the entire body interactions . Moreover , I can not understand how the big-bang theory , or evolution could attribute the complex design of the brain to random selection , evolution , adaptation or similar views .
 Item arrived as scheduled . Information put into perspective and shed more light on mind and the brain according to neuroscience . Try brushing your teeth with your other hand and see what happens .
 Dr. V.S. Ramachandran presents many cases of injuries which affect the human brain . For example
 Interesting look at the brain and some of the unusual disorders which can occur in it . You ca n't help but to be drawn in by some of the first-hand stories of reinforced non-recognition of the familiar -LRB- `` everything here has been replaced by an exact duplicate '' -RRB- , phantom pain from amputated limbs and blind eyes that see . The discussion by Dr. Ramachandran of these cases is absorbing and the computer animation showing what is going on in the brain is very helpful . Well worth watching !
 This doctor will take you to an insight into the brain like you have never thought before . He is the quintessential , cutting edge researcher into the brain , his work is scholarly and original .
 Intriqued by questions of consciousness and the puzzle of mind boggling brain injuries?This DVD stimulates an awarwness that - was not there before?Is seeing believing?Dr . V.S. Ramachandran 's unique knowledge of neuroscience and his intuitive way to solve the seemingly impossible , is worth the price alone .
 A very interesting look at the human brain . Gives you some interesting theories on how the brain re-routes itself to make good on missing limbs and brain damage due to car accidents . Insightful , but semi-repetitive . Worth seeing though !
 Very very cool . Sort of like sherlock holmes on the brain . Interesting and easy to watch . Its amazing .
 As a high school IB Biology teacher I showed this video as part of a unit on the brain . Students were most taken with Case # 1
 In `` Secrets of the Mind '' we gain insights through various tragedies that have affected others , thanks to the logic and insights of Professor Ramachandran regarding what he calls the most complex organized matter in the universe.The DVD begins with `` phantom limb syndrome '' - pain and sensation in missing body areas . Ramachandran 's reasoning , confirmed through a CAT-scan , is that the brain has a map of various body areas , and that eg . the right arm and right face areas of the brain are adjacent . Thus , missing body areas can lead to interference by those associated brain areas trying to cope with stimulus deprivation - eg . `` cross-wiring . `` However , we are still left with the problem of treating pain in a body-part that no longer exists . Dr. Ramachandran found that placing the remaining opposite body part -LRB- eg . hand -RRB- into a mirror-box fools the mind into receiving feedback from the missing part and no longer sending ever-increasing -LRB- and unmet -RRB- signals that cause the pain.Visual activities take up almost half the human brain . Dr. Ramachandran is confronted with an individual who can `` see '' -LRB- detect -RRB- movement but not recognize what the object is . His explanation is that there are two pathways from the eye in humans
 if you are the least bit curious on how the mind works and the infinite mysteries that it holds then this DVD is for you . Some of the fascinating things that scientists , psychologists and physcians have discovered about the inner workings of the brain is unfortunately the result of brain injured patients . These people are the subjects of this DVD . It concerns their weird symptomalogies after surviving a truamatic , mechanical head injury , all of them real interesting subject matters but ofcourse the star of the show is the charismatic and engaging , Dr Ramachandran . He 's obviously very smart and the top of his field , Nueroscience but he also has the enthusiasm of a keen five year old boy . His best asset is his charm and the rare ability to transform his own fascination about the brain into an interesting and compelling subject for the average , lay viewer . The camera loves him and he knows how to engage the camera . He would make a personable science TV host . The subject matter is interesting in itself for people in the medical field but Ramachandran makes it interesting for everyone . Highly recommended , it can be purchased by itself or as a set of three DVD 's . But I thought it fair to review each DVD individually .
 Dr. Ramachandran is not only a great researcher in the active field of brain science , but is actually helping people . This is an excellent feature which illustrates several real life examples of helping people in dire need of medical assistance while doing good research and solid science . Dr. Ramachandran is as brilliant an educator and public speaker as he is a researcher . This was a totally engrossing demonstration of ongoing research applied to people and their problems . Another very interesting DVD featuring Dr. Ramachandran , as well as other important brain researchers is `` Consciousness '' , also available from Amazon .
 I highly recommend this video . The brilliant Doctor clearly and simply explains some of the most perplexing neurological problems that have plagued mankind for decades and in the case of phantom pain , across centuries . The explanations offered are realistic and understandable by both the novice student and seasoned professional . This presentation should be mandatory viewing in all Introductory and Neuropsychology classes .
 This DVD opens up your mind to try to understand another 's mind . You are helped to see the world as others perceive it and some of the aberrations that can occur . The brain is such a complex organ that the more you learn about it , the less you seem to understand it .
 V.S. Ramachandran is just that.I found this special to be utterly fascinating . I must admit that I was under the impression that the human brain was more mysterious than it seems to be . There are still great mysteries there but I obviously have n't kept up with our advancements.V.S . is charming and brilliant . He understands how to comunicate grand ideas to the common man/woman . This is fantastic time to be alive . The scientific advances in our time are simply astounding .
 Neurobiologist Vilayanur Ramachandran tells of some of his most fascinating case studies , and what he has learned from them . His focus is on technological methods to study what was previously -LRB- even quite recently -RRB- interpreted as merely behavioral or `` crazy . '' These are patients with brain damage or , as in the first segment , amputations and the phantom limb syndrome.The last case study was the most intriguing . A young man with severe epilepsy who interprets his experiences as religious . The research into exactly what is going on in his brain during a seizure raises marvelous questions about the nature of religious experience.But the study is as significant for what it avoids saying as what it says . Much of what the young epileptic describes is quite familiar to me as LSD experiences . But no mention of that connection is made , possibly because LSD is illegal , even for research . I have long suspected , however , that there was a connection with epilepsy , especially since having close friends who have seizures . And since epilepsy is a disorder which has been known from ancient times , and often interpreted as `` the hand of God '' in some form , we have to ask those hard questions.I like Dr. Ramachandran very much , and Like NOVA for having produced this documentary . Makes me want to go back and look for more NOVA documentaries that I have not yet seen .
 I use this DVD as an intro to brain disorders in my high school anatomy and physiology course . It really drives home the idea that we learn more and more about the brain every day from patients who have suffered brain injuries . Interesting and the perfect length for viewing and discussion . Highly recommended .
 Received product in excellent condition and in a timely manner . This product gave interesting observations and insight into what our brains perceive over matter . Moreover , some interesting insight into areas of our thought perceptions that may or may not be `` REAL '' or tangible , but are mentally REAL . Parts of the video deal with phantom pain , how real this pain is to those experiencing it , and ways to deal with or aleviate the brains memory path to body parts that no longer exist .
 This is one of those werewolf films that 's more comedy than anything else . Leslie , -LRB- Susan Blakley -RRB- gets bitten by pet store owner Harry -LRB- John Saxon -RRB- who is in need of a wife to keep the werewolf legacy alive . Leslie 's daughter Jennifer -LRB- Katrina Caspary -RRB- follows her mother to the pet store -LRB- thinking she 's having an affair with another man -RRB- and watches thru a backdoor window as Harry seduces and bites her mother . Jennifer then turns to her best friend Stacey -LRB- who 's a monster comic fanatic -RRB- and Madame Gypsy -LRB- Ruth Buzzi -RRB- to help rid her mother of this curse . Leslie begins to grow fangs and sees more hair than usual on her arms and legs and things get pretty `` hairy '' after awhile . Jennifer 's Halloween party is a riot with Leslie covered in long hair , fangs , etc. while all along the party goers think she 's made up for Halloween . Finally , seeing as though holy water , crosses and garlic do n't work on the werewolf , a knife made of silver does the trick in an all out fight between daughter , mother and werewolf in the bedroom . Saxon is stabbed by the silver knife and Leslie is rid of the curse . Again , this is a funny movie and even kids will enjoy it .
 I normally hate horror spoofs , but this movie made me laugh . The suspence is great and the plot does not get off the subject like most spoofs . This movie can be viewed by the whole family -LRB- YES , EVEN THE KIDS CAN SEE IT -RRB- , because there is no nudity or bad language . Buy it today !
 I have n't seen this movie in a long time , but I remember everything and it 's great . I plan to buy it for the house , but definitely not from here . This movie is way overpriced and you can go to another site and get it for under $ 15 .
 Kool family flick ! Combine this with the Teenage Werewolf two and have a howling good time ... hey , it 's a werewolf , it 's funny , how can you go wrong ?!
 Good Halloween show . We like it because I saw the original on tv . My daughter is sixteen and she liked it too
 This is a great story showing how a family and community can come together and help a child in need . And this , unlike most Halloween fare , really illustrates the good natured spirit of Halloween the way it 's suppose to be for kids . Thank you .
 This is a wonderful Halloween tale centered around a teenage boy who 's very distraught by his parents ' divorce . As he reluctantly goes trick-or-treating with his friends , he comes upon the magic spirit of Halloween in the form of a Pumpkin and a scary but kind neighborhood hermit who offers understanding and guidance to our young hero . I highly recommend it - it is one of my children -LRB- 8 & 12 -RRB- favorite videos and very uplifting .
 I have not seen this movie , but back in October , some relatives and friends helped me make a movie called Pumpkin Man , but I had no knowledge of this other movie . I will tell you about MY movie called Pumpkin Man!On HALLOWEEN in 1998 , Jeffrey Crown killed his parents by poisoning their apples . He was sent to Livingston Asylum for life . During his time in the asylum , he drew over a thousand pictures of pumpkins and wears a grotesque pumpkin mask , thus earning him the name ` Pumpkin Man ' Ten years later , he breaks out and returns to his home town of Paducah , KY. . He goes to a house where people rent rooms . Miss Shaw is the landlady and the tenants are Ben Givens and Detective William Slade . Throughout the HALLOWEEN day , Ben and Miss Shaw hear about Pumpkin Man escaping . Slade is at work , trying to figure out where Jeffrey will go . He seeks help from Dr. Manchester and Dr. Raven . When Ben and Miss Shaw are babysitting some kids , Pumpkin Man comes and crashes the party . I think it 's an absolute masterpiece . I highly recommend PUMPKIN MAN !!! Updated on October 24th , 2009
 ****************** Videos : ****************** 1 . Too Many Times -LRB- Duet With Anita Pointer -RRB- 2 . Crowd Around The Corner3 . Once In A Blue Moon4 . Angel In Disguise5 . Love Do n't Care -LRB- Whose Heart It Breaks -RRB-
 Long before * The Green Mile * and * Prison Break * , the French director Jules Dassin made * Brute Force * , a melodrama about men 's lives in a prison system intent less on social rehabilitation and more on draconian punishment . The film 's liberal-humanist approval of rehabilitation is movingly captured by the inmates ' flashbacks to their lives before prison
 Brute Force is a surprisingly tough look at life in a prison , given the time when it was made . Burt Lancaster stars as an inmate who plans his escape to be with his critically ill girlfriend , Ann Blyth . He enlists the help of his cellmates and an older , experienced inmate , Charles Bickford . Standing in their way is a brutal , ambitious guard played very well by Hume Cronyn . There are a number of great scenes in the movie , including Cronyn 's beating of an inmate to the sound of classical music , and the death in a giant press of an inmate that informed . The performances are good , the film moves at an excellent pace , and the ending surprised me somewhat , again given the time that it was made . Brute Force is a very good movie .
 Burt Lancaster stars in this tough , grim noir-drenched prison flick , in which a sadistic prison guard -LRB- a young Hume Cronyn -RRB- manipulates tensions and weaknesses to produce an explosive situation . The film 's liberal message butts up against its obligatory `` crime never pays '' ending ; the convicts are sympathetic , but doomed from the word `` go . '' A little stagey and lurid , but overall tense and suspenseful -- the ending is a real nail-biter . Recommended .
 Made just prior to `` Naked City , '' Dassin 's gritty prison melodrama puts a twist on the archetypal bust-out scheme by revisiting , in flashback , the pre-penitentiary lives of Collins -- ably played by an intense young Lancaster -- and his crew , colorfully brought to life by character actors Whit Bissell , Howard Duff , and John Hoyt . In a fine performance , Charles Bickford appears as the prison 's gruff de facto leader and newspaper editor who throws in his lot with Collins . The other ace in Dassin 's deck is Cronyn , playing a corrupt , savage prison guard bent on bringing `` discipline '' to his inmates , while nursing a megalomaniacal ambition to replace the wimpy Warden . Aside from the ominous noir visuals , Dassin explores issues endemic to prison life and wraps them up in an ugly finale meant to evoke a Nazi bloodbath .
 Excellent movie ! Unlike today 's movies with lots of special effects and very little story developement with dialogue , this movie is the opposite.A must-see for all Burt Lancaster fans .
 The film is great in every way . Truly a prison `` film noir '' classic . But everytime I watch it , I always , wonder `` Six guys in a cell and no toilet . '' Must have been quite a problem !
 A wonderful prison movie that was ahead of its time . Burt Lancaster is spectacular . The movie paints a grim vision of what it is like to be in prison . Great supporting cast to help the movie .
 The Bottom Line : A somewhat forgotten film whose Criterion release should heighten its exposure , Brute Force is a raw and intense film about an prison riot that belies its Hays Code era setting to deliver violence and tension throughout its running length ; if you like your films rough and ruthless , get Brute Force .3.5 / 4
 This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.Brute Force is about a group of people attempting to escape from a prison . The prison has a particularly sadistic guard who beats the prisoners savagely . The film also has a prison riot in it which is somewhat intense.The special features are audio commentary by Alain Silver and James Ursini , an interview with Paul Mason , author of a book on the depiction of prison life in popular culture , a trailer and a photo gallery.This was an exciting film and is sure to please .
 `` Brute Force '' is one of the most violent film noirs of the classic era , as well as one of the most pessimistic - and this is after some violence was removed to comply with the Production Code . The story takes place within the confines of Westgate Penitentiary , an overcrowded prison whose deficient living conditions and sadistic guards make the inmates ' lives nearly unbearable . Prison life is no less than a war between the inmates and guard Captain Munsey -LRB- Hume Cronyn -RRB- , who routinely uses blackmail and torture to control the prisoners . When the warden revokes all the inmates ' privileges in response to the deaths of two men , inmate Joe Collins -LRB- Burt Lancaster -RRB- hatches a violent and risky escape plan with his cellmates and a senior , well-respected prisoner named Gallagher -LRB- Charles Bickford -RRB- . Director Jules Dessin does n't let a glimmer of hope into this film . The violence is brutal and wholly without sentiment or regret . The utter hopelessness of the situation in the prison is overwhelming . Brute force is the only means in Westgate Penitentiary . The standout performance is by Hume Cronyn as the Nazi-inspired Captain Munsey , an unabashed sadist who uses social Darwinism to rationalize absolute dominance of the prisoners , who are , after all , behind bars , not free to challenge him . The prison doctor , a disgraced surgeon named Walters -LRB- Art Smith -RRB- , numbs himself with alcohol and articulates the film 's themes . `` Do you know what this prison is ? '' he says . `` One big human bomb ! `` The film is a little too long , and the flashback scenes of wives and girlfriends are superfluous . This is perhaps the most blatantly existential film noir . It takes the position of Sartrean philosophy , articulated by Dr. Walters , which is juxtaposed with Nietzschean philosophy , articulated by Capt. Munsey . I 'm not normally captivated by either of these schools of thought , but `` Brute Force '' kept me interested for the duration of the film . It is a brutal , beautiful film with sharp dialogue , solid character writing , and great attention to detail.The DVD -LRB- Image Entertainment 1999 -RRB-
 The Criterion Collection presents `` BRUTE FORCE '' -LRB- 30 June 1947 -RRB- -LRB- 98 min/B & W ;-RRB- -LRB- Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered -RRB- -- Burt Lancaster had one of his first starring roles in this hard-hitting prison drama -- Capt. Munsey -LRB- Hume Cronyn -RRB- is a cruel , corrupt prison guard who has his own less-than-ethical ways of dealing with inmates , enough so that Joe Collins -LRB- Lancaster -RRB- - the toughest inmate in the cell block - has decided to break out -- Collins tries to persuade Gallagher -LRB- Charles Bickford -RRB- , the unofficial leader of the inmates and editor of the prison newspaper , to join him , but Gallagher thinks Collins ' plan wo n't work -- However , Collins does have the support of his cellmates , most of whom , like himself , wandered into a life of crime thanks to love and good intentions -- Collins pulled a bank job to raise money to pay for an operation that could possibly get his girl out of a wheelchair -- Fabulous score by composer Mikl&oacute;s R&oacute;zsa.Top flight power performance from Burt -- and the rest is history!Under the production staff of : Jules Dassin -LSB- Director -RSB- Richard Brooks -LSB- Screenwriter -RSB- Robert Patterson -LSB- Story -RSB- Jules Buck -LSB- Associate Producer -RSB- . Mark Hellinger -LSB- Producer -RSB- Mikl&oacute;s R&oacute;zsa -LSB- Original Film Score -RSB- William H. Daniels -LSB- Cinematographer -RSB- Edward Curtiss -LSB- Film Editor -RSB- BIOS :1 . Jules Dassin -LSB- Director -RSB- Date of Birth
 `` BRUTE FORCE '' , ever since I first saw it on TV forty years ago , has been one of my favorite films.Directed with great vigor by Julues Dassin , it tells the story of `` the men on the inside '' , and `` the women on the outside.Burt Lancaster , Jeff Corey , Howard Duff , and John Hoyt , are some of the men `` on the inside '' , Ann Blyth , Ella Raines , Anita Colby , and Yvonne DeCarlo are the woman on '' the outside '' . Hume Cronyn gives a masterfull performance as the sadistic , fascist Caption of the guards.All the male characters , which also includes Charles Bickford , Sam Levine , and Roman Bohnen -LRB- as Warden Barnes -RRB- are oustanding , the women less so.This is not an easy DVD to get , so I wish someone maybe Universal , the original releasing company , would come out with a full-length commetary , with a special emphasis , on the political repercussions that were felt by many members of the cast and crew of this and other left-leaning films.The films message is definitily anti-capitalist . The film rates 5 Stars , the DVD , with no special features rates a 3 and half Star rating .
 Enjoyed every last minute of this raw and uncompromising vintage crime classic , Burt Lancaster was tough as nails , gave a memorable performance as the gangster caught up in prison hell , the actor who played the sadistic warden of the prison was spectacular , this flick had all the elements that made it great , riots , break out attempts , total feelings of gloom and doom , the confrontation between Lancaster and the warden near the finale was worth a second viewing , loved it ! reminded you of the old Cagney crime classics , a keeper ... peace
 The film opens in the pouring rain at a prison . The proceedings are advanced by an electric cast including Lancaster , Bickford , Cronin , John Hoyt , Whit Bissell , Art Smith and Howard Duff . In the finale , when Lancaster learns who the pidgeon really is ... the look on his face will send chills up your spine ... No dialogue is needed . Bleak and almost surreal !
 this film is without a doubt the best prison film ever made to this present time 1998 . it stars burt lancaster and hume cronin in the best roles of their career -LRB- its probably one of their first films -RRB- the supporting cast is also supperb , the last half hour of the film is chilling.view it today .
 There 's a feverish undercurrent to this prison film that occasionally erupts into outright delirium -LRB- the prison break , the interrogation scene -RRB- . As delivered by blacklisted director Jules Dassin and screenwriter Richard Brooks , the film 's anti-fascist message is put in your face , not in your lap . Still it 's exciting stuff , except for the draggy domestic scenes that are meant to humanize the cons , but instead disrupt the film 's relentless pace and super-charged atmosphere . Burt Lancaster gives a career performance , while Hume Cronyn is surprisingly effective as the sly Nazi-like warden . There are many familiar faces in the supporting cast , especially Art Smith as the humane but feckless doctor and Sir Lancelot as his calypso assistant . I suspect there 's a provocative parable lurking somewhere in the subtext , something about the inability of liberals -LRB- the old warden and the doc -RRB- to contain the brute force it takes to keep people in prison . This is revealed at film 's end when the camera dollys back to reveal the doc behind office bars and speaking toward the camera . Then we know the movie is about more than a bunch of desperate convicts trying to break through prison walls . Despite its many flaws , this stark melodrama keeps coming at you with the mesmerizing force of an uplifted hammer and should not be missed .
 `` Brute Force '' is still one of the most powerful prison movies ever made . Despite the many years that have passed since its initial release on June 30 , 1947 , this tense , searing drama about a volatile mix of tensions building up in a maximum security penitentiary to the point of explosion , is still one of the key films in the genre . Credit is due to the powerhouse performances of a remarkable cast , incredibly taut direction by Jules Dassin , and outstanding production values highlighted by Miklos Rozsa 's masterful score and William Daniel 's moody cinematography.By the time he filmed `` Brute Force '' , Burt Lancaster already had three movies in the can ; however , this was only the second of his films to be released to theatres . His performance as Joe Collins , the hardened leader of the prison gang , is amazing , and contributed heavily to his rocket ride to stardom . Even when he 's not in the scene , Lancaster 's powerful characterization dominates the proceedings . Hume Cronyn as Munsey , a sadistic and manipulative weasel of a prison guard , provides the perfect foil for Lancaster . The resolution of their conflict at the end of the film is well worth waiting for.But in fact , almost every role in the film is perfectly cast and performed , from Roman Bohnen 's ineffectual warden and Art Smith 's alcoholic doctor to Charles Bickford 's aging felon and Sam Levene 's resolute non-informant . The distaff members of the cast , playing the remembered sweethearts of the convicts in flashback sequences , appear only briefly , with Anita Colby and Ella Raines making particularly strong impressions . Yvonne DeCarlo is ravishingly beautiful , although her Italian accent is none too convincing ; only Ann Blyth truly disappoints as Lancaster 's crippled girlfriend , but on the other hand , her saccharine role would have been nigh impossible for any actress to carry off.Criterion 's restoration and transfer of this cinematic gem deserves the highest praise . I 've seen this film previously on television and at a revival house , and it never looked even half this good . The contrast is perfectly balanced , there are only a couple of barely noticeable jumps in the print , and the soundtrack is crisp and clear . The DVD has a wealth of extras , including the original theatrical trailer , a pungent commentary by Alain Silver and James Orsini , some special short features and a neat little booklet containing essays and articles on the film and its makers . `` Brute Force '' is a film that is most deserving of the Criterion treatment , and the company has provided viewers with a package that is bound to please the most discriminating consumer . Most highly recommended !
 What can I say ? Burt Lancaster and Hume Cronyn -LSB- as the Villian ! -RSB- . Excellent cast and direction .
 This has to be the turning point in this excellent series.You finally find out who and what the Jovians are and you probably could have never guessed who they really are . I recommend this series to anyone its great and it only gets better in volume 7 !
 The space ship Nadesico `` I thought it was called Yamato '' continues on its journy to pick up Akito ... and also to solve the mystery of WHO the Jovian Lizards are . The answer to this will shock and amaze you , and at the same time be entertaining . So watch the next episode of Martian Successor Nadesico for all of your giant robot action ... and the occasional Gekkiganer , ENJOY .
 The first episode has Akito beeing rescued on the moon -LRB- shades of episode 8 -RRB- but thats not the coolest part on the tape . The best part is when we actually get to see what the Jovians look like in the second episode . And they are ... HUMAN ! What the heck is going on ? What will he reveal ? Is he different from us ? AHHHHHHH ! I 'm confused ! ADV HURRY UP AND RELEASE VOL . 8 OF NADESICO !
 I 've gone through all the playmate centerfolds from Dec '53 to Dec ' 99 . I love to say that Anna Marie Goddard is the most attractive and beautiful playmate I 've ever seen . I 'm looking forward to the future playmates to challenge my point of view .
 This is just a wonderful example of a master artist sharing the gained knowledge of experience . The DVD is assembled into chapters that make it very easy to follow and understand . Sometimes instructional DVDs have left me feeling like I did n't quite get all the information that I wanted or needed to reproduce the results . That is definitely not the case with this DVD . You can truly reproduce the amazing results that are achieved in this DVD by following the detailed instructions.If you want to learn how to pit fire and burnish , I highly recommend getting this DVD .
 Will gladly buy more books from this seller!Fast shipping and well packaged ! I 'm a happy with my 500 series ! Got more 9 so far ! It 's time to start reading to gain more knowledge!I 'm a happy camper ! Beach , books , and coffee ! Ciao !
 Star Blazers
 The Star Blazers series was the first Japanese cartoon I really liked . It captured my young imagination . And it made me curse things like dentist appointments that forced me to miss episodes . I have never seen the entire series , so seeing this come out on DVD is very thrilling.The quality of the DVD however is nothing special . There are no extras on disc one , and the only optimization made is to not force the viewer to see closing credits after every episode . I also was not entirely thrilled with the price especially when you start to realize that a good 15 % of every episode is spent recapping.But I digress , the series is so cool , especially for its time , that it is well worth adding to the collection . I ca n't wait to have all the episodes of the first series . No dentist appointment will prevent me from knowing what happens next .
 The Starblazers series -LRB- originally Space Cruiser Yamato -RRB- was translated and aired on low end TV channels in the latest seventies and early eighties in America . UHF channels would continually rotate this unique Japanese space opera for kids to enjoy , and we did . Amid a flourish of horribly derivitaveand sadly animated Hanna-Barbera garbage was an odd perpendicular to American kids animation . Starblazers did everything that the rest of children 's TV did n't and the ones who were able to enjoy this show always remember it fondly twenty years later.In the year 2199 the earth is being decimated externally by a series of constant bombardments by odd radioactive ` planet bombs ' sent by a faceless enemy from beyond Jupiter . The remaining population of earth has moved underground into cities away from the surface radiation which has left earth a red desert devoid of life , water or proper atmosphere . In one year the population will die of radiation due to the contamination slowly seeping lower into the cities . As the last of earth 's battle fleet rages against the enemy ships near Pluto , a mysterious guided capsule slashes into the solarsystem and crashes on Mars where the two prominent heros , Derek Wildstar and Mark Venture , are posted in the military . On research they find a dead lady in the crash clutching a vial containing information from beyond the solar system . On earth , the information is deciphered to be an invitation to cross the galaxy using the plans of an alien warp drive in order to pick up and return with a radiation nulling device called the Cosmo DNA . Utilizing all remaining resouces , the government and military build a space ship using the remains of the WWII destroyer Yamato buried in the Marianas trench . Led by the ancient , battle weary captain Avatar , a group of young enthusiatic military personel go out into uncharted space to find the planet Iscandar , and return with the Cosmo DNA . However , the enemy -LRB- Gamalons -RRB- have fleets everywhere in the galaxy waiting to destroy the Starforce and posess a lifeless earth in order to restore it and colinate it with Gamalons as their new capitol to an ever expanding empire.Granted this series was made in Japan around 1974 , yet it still was well made enough , and well written enough to carry modern audiences quite well . Leiji Matsumotos comics and animation works always tend to have a very fantastic side to its sci-fi , howeever this series always seemed slightly more grounded in the science of science fiction rather then farfetched style accomodation . The wide cast of characters are extremely well draughted and the absolute determination extant in both sides of the conflict makes the story absolutely plausible as everyone lays down their lives for their hopes and beliefs against insurmountable odds . Although the first five episodes presented in this DVD are some of the less memorable because they build the series , they are brilliant because all the energy of the remaining episodes reflect from the expositional storytelling of the earlier episodes . ` Starblazers ' is one of the few anime classics which should always be in print , and I am surte it will always have a hardcore fanbase because of all the emotion and cunning crafted into it . I gave the DVD 4 stars instead of 5 because of the slack menu and packaging of the material . None of the shows have the original opening or closing credits , and the revised ones bookend the etire run of episodes on every DVD . WHY ? The nostalgia of this series dictates that it be presented in original form ! Shame on the releasing company for such schlock presentation , but I love the series so much I could n't eliminate more then one star . If you have never heard of Starblazers and love anime , please get this DVD - you will never regret it , despite the age of the animation and story it is still a heavy hitter . And like it 's allusions , it is the Illiad and Odessy of anime .
 About 15 years ago , I found an article in a comic book advertising Star Blazers on video . I was excited at the prospect of watching my favorite animated series all over again . However , when I got the tapes I found the picture was very dark . I had to adjust the bright and contrast on the tv and even then it was not a perfect picture -LRB- my videos were made by Kidmark , INC. -RRB- . While this occured on the entire `` Quest for Iscandar '' series , the next two series , `` The Comet Empire '' and `` The Bolar Wars '' were normal . I did acquire a tape of the original movie `` Space Cruiser Yamato '' - which the Quest for Iscandar series is based on for American audiences - so I at least had a good picture , but it had a drawback too since I do n't understand Japanese . Now that I got the first dvd of `` Quest for Iscandar '' , I am happy that I have a very clear picture . To all who read this-and to those who may have experienced my problems with the videos-I recommend this dvd .
 One day I was discussing anime with some people at work and it made me think of the Star Blazers tune back from when I was 7 or 8 years old . So , I went lookin on the internet for the series on DVD . At the time they had n't even released part I yet , so I waited and bought it the day it came out . The grainy film -LRB- it has n't been touched up -RRB- and quirky music only seem to add value for me because it is exactly the way I remembered it . Enhanced sound may have been okay though , since I did spend a lot of money on my surround system . -LRB- Thus one star deducted -RRB- Also what may be a point of interest ... I filled in the registration card that came with the DVD . Then I waited for a long time for the second disc to come out . When it finally came out I popped in the disc and they had added all the features I requested . Lost footage , etc. . Except for better sound .
 I ordered this DVD with the expectation that it 'd be an amusing return to childhood diversions of getting up early to watch Star Blazers before school . I was pleasantly surprised how well it translated to DVD and how well the story held up . No , it 's not a work of genius , and I had hoped for some `` DVD special features '' , but it was everything I expected and then some .
 I disagree with the comments above about the picture and sound quality of the Star Blazers DVD . For a animated TV show that was made in the mid 70s I think the quality is really good , especially compared to the video tape collect I made of the series over 15 years ago . This really is an exceptional animated series and even if the quality had been poor , I 'd still buy it because of all the great memories from my youth that it brings to the surface . I have not seen the VHS version so I do n't know how the DVD quality compares but the Star Blazer DVD is definitely a must have for any fan . Voyager does need to do a better job on the DVD menu as well as add some bonus material but I believe they are planning on doing this based on response from the fans . So if we want to see more of the series then we have to show Voyager that we will purchase their product .
 I was first introduced to Star Blazers as a 12-year-old in the fall of 1979 . I only caught the second half of this series , but I loved it , and I love it as much today.Of course , having watched other sci-fi series like Star Trek
 Not sure what DVD the other reviewers were looking at , but the one I bought had a slideshow tour of the Yamato on it , so it is n't quite exactly right to say there are * no * extras -LRB- though a somewhat disappointing extra -RRB- . It is true for Part II of the series , though . All in all , it leaves the viewer only nearly satisfied . The price is just a bit high for what you 're getting .
 The Starblazers series -LRB- originally Space Cruiser Yamato -RRB- was translated and aired on low end TV channels in the latest seventies and early eighties in America . UHF channels would continually rotate this unique Japanese space opera for kids to enjoy , and we did . Amid a flourish of horribly derivitaveand sadly animated Hanna-Barbera garbage was an odd perpendicular to American kids animation . Starblazers did everything that the rest of children 's TV did n't and the ones who were able to enjoy this show always remember it fondly twenty years later.In the year 2199 the earth is being decimated externally by a series of constant bombardments by odd radioactive ` planet bombs ' sent by a faceless enemy from beyond Jupiter . The remaining population of earth has moved underground into cities away from the surface radiation which has left earth a red desert devoid of life , water or proper atmosphere . In one year the population will die of radiation due to the contamination slowly seeping lower into the cities . As the last of earth 's battle fleet rages against the enemy ships near Pluto , a mysterious guided capsule slashes into the solarsystem and crashes on Mars where the two prominent heros , Derek Wildstar and Mark Venture , are posted in the military . On research they find a dead lady in the crash clutching a vial containing information from beyond the solar system . On earth , the information is deciphered to be an invitation to cross the galaxy using the plans of an alien warp drive in order to pick up and return with a radiation nulling device called the Cosmo DNA . Utilizing all remaining resouces , the government and military build a space ship using the remains of the WWII destroyer Yamato buried in the Marianas trench . Led by the ancient , battle weary captain Avatar , a group of young enthusiatic military personel go out into uncharted space to find the planet Iscandar , and return with the Cosmo DNA . However , the enemy -LRB- Gamalons -RRB- have fleets everywhere in the galaxy waiting to destroy the Starforce and posess a lifeless earth in order to restore it and colinate it with Gamalons as their new capitol to an ever expanding empire.Granted this series was made in Japan around 1974 , yet it still was well made enough , and well written enough to carry modern audiences quite well . Leiji Matsumotos comics and animation works always tend to have a very fantastic side to its sci-fi , howeever this series always seemed slightly more grounded in the science of science fiction rather then farfetched style accomodation . The wide cast of characters are extremely well draughted and the absolute determination extant in both sides of the conflict makes the story absolutely plausible as everyone lays down their lives for their hopes and beliefs against insurmountable odds . Although the first five episodes presented in this DVD are some of the less memorable because they build the series , they are brilliant because all the energy of the remaining episodes reflect from the expositional storytelling of the earlier episodes . ` Starblazers ' is one of the few anime classics which should always be in print , and I am surte it will always have a hardcore fanbase because of all the emotion and cunning crafted into it . I gave the DVD 4 stars instead of 5 because of the slack menu and packaging of the material . None of the shows have the original opening or closing credits , and the revised ones bookend the etire run of episodes on every DVD . WHY ? The nostalgia of this series dictates that it be presented in original form ! Shame on the releasing company for such schlock presentation , but I love the series so much I could n't eliminate more then one star . If you have never heard of Starblazers and love anime , please get this DVD - you will never regret it , despite the age of the animation and story it is still a heavy hitter . And like it 's allusions , it is the Illiad and Odessy of anime .
 The only thing keeping this DVD from a 5 star rating is the lack of extras -LRB- there are none to speak of -RRB- . Having not seen this series in about ten years I was amazed at how well the story telling held up . As interesting today as in my youth . The animation is n't as crisp as the animation of today , but the characters more than make up for it . Whether your reliving your childhood or giving you children something worth watching you ca n't go wrong . I ca n't wait till the next installment . Enjoy
 i just picked up the dvd of the first 5 episodes and must say that the vhs version -LCB- by jupiter -RCB- was much smoother and cleaner than this -LCB- dvd -RCB- version . however this is better than nothing as stated by others and my wife who has been a fan for nigh on 25 years now . so if you must have your starblazers as my wife does then definitely pick this up.AND SEND IN YOUR CARDS .
 I remember watching this and some of the other older anime series . I still enjoy it.Humans have to be saved from extinction , and aliens provide the potential means to save the planet . The only problem is the Earthlings have to travel to the aliens to get the help.The DVD itself does n't have the extras that most anime DVDs have . The DVD menu seems almost pointless . You only have the dubbed version here . I wish they had left it as individual episodes instead of making it one long movie.Even with these problems , I would still recommend this DVD to any fan . It 's a much better deal than getting the tapes .
 Not to be a broken record , but I must agree with many of the other reviewers . This is a shoddily produced DVD . There is essentially no menu , and there are no extras at all . However , the picture and sound quality were fine by my standards.On to the show
 well time to write a good review of the dvd itself . all the other reviewers wrote about thier childhoods . the volume 2 dvd is far better than the volume 2 dvd . volume 2 has it all.well almost . picture restoration is up a bit comparable to volume 1 . this time there is actually a menu . included are ship crew bio 's and a deleted scene that was in the movie but not the series . you can ethier chose to play the epiodes in movie form or in singles . all in all a good improvement . if you want to see something cool check the art of the charaters . its when you look at their bio 's . look different . Well it should . It 's from Yamato 2000 : The Quest For Iscandall . Aremake of series one with up to date animation . email me for more .
 I loved this series as a child and still find the plot interesting . However , the science is a bad , snow on Mars etc. . If you can overlook this the story is great . No DVD extras other than chapter search . They make up for this in the second DVD with a scene cut from the original Japanese series , character bios and better navagation . Not the best DVD production , but at least someone is putting this classic series on DVD . A must it you loved the series as a child or for your own children .
 I used this DVD in my forensic science class for my unit on explosives and ballistics . I think that it is a good video as far as showing several true cases that were solved and some that were unsolved . It gives variety as far as things that were bombed , suspects , and reasons why . I think it gives a good overview.My only problems with the video is that I wish it went further into detail , and now is becoming quite antiquated , since it was made in the mid-1990s and so is now over 10 years old , so does not cover some of the cases that students would be more familiar with . My students had no idea about the Oklahoma City bombing .
 I was very happy with the dvd . My class enjoyed it tremendously . I have the original &#34; timmy &#34; dvd and both of them were excellent .
 This has to be the turning point in this excellent series.You finally find out who and what the Jovians are and you probably could have never guessed who they really are . I recommend this series to anyone its great and it only gets better in volume 7 !
 The space ship Nadesico `` I thought it was called Yamato '' continues on its journy to pick up Akito ... and also to solve the mystery of WHO the Jovian Lizards are . The answer to this will shock and amaze you , and at the same time be entertaining . So watch the next episode of Martian Successor Nadesico for all of your giant robot action ... and the occasional Gekkiganer , ENJOY .
 The first episode has Akito beeing rescued on the moon -LRB- shades of episode 8 -RRB- but thats not the coolest part on the tape . The best part is when we actually get to see what the Jovians look like in the second episode . And they are ... HUMAN ! What the heck is going on ? What will he reveal ? Is he different from us ? AHHHHHHH ! I 'm confused ! ADV HURRY UP AND RELEASE VOL . 8 OF NADESICO !
 You 've waited FOUR YEARS to see it and now finally CHAPTER PERFECT makes its US debut on DVD!Dan Brazda makes a masterful debut as director in this murder mystery that has you constantly second guessing who the REAL murderer is.Wilford Brimley gives his best performance since Cocoon as Chief Hawkins . Can he stop the murder before they write the next chapter in `` The Perfect Murder . '' Lucky Vanous in his first motion picture - if you liked him in the Diet Coke commercial - well I guess you 'll want to see this too . However , the real surprise here is Chrissy Lucas who steals the show in her motion picture debut as Kelly Glover . Beautifully filmed on location in Blowing Rock , North Carolina .
 A classic mystery with plot twists throughout to keep you guessing . Watch for a spell-binding cameo by Stephen Herbster , virtually buried in the credits but more than worthy of praise .
 Length :
 If you 've seen the first part of the Rurouni Kenshin Tsuioku Hen series -LRB- aka `` Samurai X '' -RRB- , `` Trust , '' then there should be absolutely nothing stopping you from seeing the conclusion , `` Betrayal . '' The third episode further develops the characters of Kenshin and Tomoe as they live a life as Husband and Wife in Otsu . The fourth and final episode will leave you on the edge of the seat the entire time during the shocking conclusion . Anime does n't get any better than this .
 It was a complete accident
 First of all , I really would suggest that you watch the TV series first before watching the OVAs , you would understand and feel the OVA plot more than if you start blank because this tells the story of Kenshin 's past -- how he became what he became , and what he encountered along the way from being a Battousai to a Rurouni . The OVA series definitely has a strong plot , however the characters lack emotions , which is why you would understand what is going on in Kenshin 's head much more if you 've seen all the 95 TV series episode that clearly portray Kenshin 's feelings , emotions and philosophy of life in open air . If you have seen the TV series , be ready to be disappointed by the way the characters are portrayed physically in the OVA series . They do n't have big twinkly teary beautiful eyes . They are made to look `` more human '' -- which could be good , or bad , depends on audience 's taste . Overall , this series is excellent . And please , for ultimate viewing satisfaction , do n't get the english dubbed version . Never ever even bother with any english dubbed version .
 This is a wonderful anime . It 's got nice animation , interesting storyline , good character development , and great action sequences . This is one of the best series that is currently being released . You will not be disappointed .
 I 've been a yoga student for several years now , and I 've been through my good share of yoga classes and yoga DVDs . I can say without hesitation that this DVD blows all the other DVDs out of the water.Mas has crafted three absolutely beautiful practices . In a yoga class , it 's difficult to balance between a good physical workout and a calming emotional experience . The balance can often tip one way or the other , leaving you at the end of your practice as either physically fulfilled but mentally frazzled from all the fast movements and lack of meditation , or blissed out but with very few challenges posed to your body . I feel these practices , however , are perfectly balanced between the two . The practice is difficult enough to get you sweating and feeling physically engaged , but calm enough to prevent you from getting frazzled . The addition of meditation and pranayama in these practices strengthens the mental/emotional experience of the class , which so few yoga DVDs seek to do.Most importantly , the DVD has really gotten me excited about yoga , and I ca n't wait to do these practices again . This is a practice that you will WANT to do every week , rather than feel like you SHOULD be doing . I always feel enlivened after it . My day is just plain better when I practice with this DVD .
 purchased this yoga DVD set `` sight unseen . '' i 've been looking for a good , solid DVD set for my personal practice . Kundalini Yoga is my preferred style , but i needed something that was a bit more physical . Mas Vidal accomplishes this -LRB- for me -RRB- in his sets while incorporating pranayama and meditation . his instruction is concise , encouraging and challenging while offering variations for those of us that are less flexible . it 's nice to come across a DVD i can grow with .
 This movie is kind of hard to find probably have to order it . Even Amazon only has used copies . This is a great flick , kinda emotional . youll love it.Steve
 This is a great movie , one of the best I 've ever seen ... it has romance , suspense , murder , and a lasting friendship . This is about a man who lends a lipstick camera to his friend -LRB- and secret love interest -RRB- Omy . She finds out her boyfriend cheated on her and now the woman is missing without a trace . Omy and Joule -LRB- Corey Feldman -RRB- try to unravel the mystery . A compelling end as Joule dies after finding the truth . Omy finds a video tape of him telling his true feelings for her . She gets her chance to be a real reporter as she tapes the confession of her guilty boyfriend . A stirring story . One your not likely to forget . a real tear-jerker yet at the same time a dynamic thriller ...
 i liked the movie and i think that you should acknowledge the director and writer , mike bonifer . cates has nothing to do with the lipstick camera . other than that i think it was the best movie i 've ever seen .
 This series is great , and John Romer is someone who breates life into history . I think many Christians are afraid of comparing history objectively to their beliefs and bibles ... afraid that some `` facts '' will undermine their beliefs somehow ... but what Romer reveals enhances the meaning and beauty of the bible , and it 's clear from the first episode that he has great reverence for the bible , and has pondered it extensively . In one episode , Romer traces the sources of the flood story ; in another , he picks up a hair comb and piece of ancient glass from rubble and sand , and paints a picture of the ancient biblical era people who used these items . Throughout the series , he introduces the viewer to obscure libraries and museums where the fragments and documents that were part of the chain in preserving scriptures and from which we get the words we use as the authority for the explanations scholars have debated for centuries . He also introduces us to powerful church fathers , like Irenaeus , and Jerome , who made the first decisions that afected how we read the bible today ; and he illuminates the debates people had even at the earlies times , over what should be included , how it should be ordered , and translated . I hope that someday , this fascinating series will be reissued on DVD .
 John Romer does a good solid job in this one of his earliest films . The only real compliant I have is that it is way too short . It is a very meaty subject -LRB- The New Testament and its early history -RRB- that could of easily have been explored further . That and the photography was not up to his usual standards.Hopefully he will come back to this subject soon and in DVD format ! I can recommend highly his other films , `` The 7 Wonders of the World '' and `` Byzantium '' .
 For anyone interested in this or David 's other short lived show called ON THE AIR , you can find them on DVD at WWW.REVOK.COM . Enjoy ! I hope I helped someone out !
 for those lynch completists out there -LRB- and i must be one of them -RRB- , this is a must have & is extremely difficult to find . i had actually caught hotel room on HBO many a moon ago but it took me awhile to find this on vhs . god willing , one day i will own the dvd of this . trust me , you should already know whether or not you like the work of david lynch & should need little persuasiopn on my end if you do . hotel room is actualyl three vignettes which really have nothing to do with one another other than the mere fact thye all take place in the same creepy hotel . as with most lynch films , there is a strange & surreal atmosphere which crawls underneath your skin . you might pinch yourself every once in awhile just to make sure you have n't actually slipped into the world of lynchian madness . there is betrayal , murder , & madness here as you would expect to find but all stories will keep you guessing & scratching your heads as we 've come to expect through classics . think blue velvet , twin peaks , or his last great masterpiece mulholland drive . if you did n't appreciate or understand those films , i seriously doubt you will have much use for or enjoy hotel room . the performances here are nearly stellar & my favorite vignette was the last one with crispin glover & the underrated actress alicia witt . the first & the second vignette -LRB- both directed by david himself -RRB- are bound to give you the chills or make you feel atleast a lil ' uneasy after viewing . it 's really a shame that lynch 's work is not all readily available on dvd but what 's sadder is the high prices we would have to pay for import copies or cheap bootlegs for alll those completists out there . contrary to most people 's belief , you cna actually get eraserhead on dvd but you have to purchase it through the david lynch.com website for right now or settle for those cheap bootlegs on ebay which really suck . if hotel room never sees the light of day on dvd , perhaps HBO would bve so kind as to let us all see hotel room again sometime for those who ca n't find the vhs copy of this little known masterpiece . long live david lynch !!
 I 'm not quite sure what the previous reviewer was referring to , exactly . The movie is in three scenes , the last one of which is equal in length to the first two combined . Though the first two scenes are relatively uneventful , the third scene is most certainly a masterpiece . It is a work of genius - the enormous levels of tension wrung out of so little dialogue . It 's a shame that HBO does not frequently re-release their older videos .
 A bit raw , but great for Lynch fans . First story is typical Lynch weirdness , with vague implications , and typical funny , wacky characters . The second story is surprisingly very ` normal ' , quite funny ... and very ` Sex in the City ' ... in the 1990 's . Ca n't say it was my favorite . Maybe that 's because it was n't directed by Lynch . The third and final set was a great , simple story about loss and forgiveness , depicted in typical Lynchian style . Crispin Glover and Alicia Witt deliver very simple but excellent performances . All in all , if you 're a Lynch fan , Hotel Room is definitely worth seeing . If not , then you probably do n't need to bother ...
 This obscure work by David Lynch , made shortly after the collapse of Twin Peaks and the strange prequel/coda Fire Walk with Me , is brilliant piece of television . It could have been a series if David Lynch had wanted to continue working on it but instead he left it at three episodes . The mind-warping events that occur in the same hotel room in three different time periods all have their particular flavor and tone . They work toward a whole that is as brilliant as anything Lynch has done . If by any chance you are somebody reading this and not familiar with David Lynch 's work then you would be well-advised to tread to this territory with an open mind . There are no fancy and/or clever plot twists here , you have to be patient to be rewarded by this work . It should be mentioned that this is obviously a made-for-TV production . If you expect this to be a movie , you will lose focus because of how disjointed the mini-series -LRB- which is what this really is -RRB- plays with you.The first of the three episodes takes place in the 1969 and is a great bit of dark cosmic coincidence bringing in themes of guilt and destiny . Confounding and familiar , playful and depressing . The second episode is a lighter tone and not directed by David Lynch . It takes place in modern day -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and captures the feeling of that late 80s , early 90s yuppie love in all its contradictions but love nonetheless . The final episode takes place in 1936 is a cathartic , soulful story of a couple stuck in a blackout waiting for an important phone . Together they reminisce about the troubles they endured in almost perfect dark . It is a tour de force of filmmaking and achieves astounding heights with a minimal amount of set-up . It is strategically placed as the last episode to bring the viewer closer to the time-stretch happening right before their very eyes.This VHS tape is the only way to access this amazing work . It is a dark treasure since it is not consumer television and not easy to digest . It requires astuteness in viewing because David Lynch is constantly playing with the audience here , even -LRB- especially -RRB- when it 's not him behind the camera . You can find all three episodes on YouTube so if you want to watch it , check it out there . If you want to have a vintage product that is something altogether different then spend a couple bucks and get this used because it 's surely worth it .
 This is an arrangement of scenes between men and women that displays a complex mess of cynicism and childish vulnerability . John Irving might appreciate how it wrings a twisted amusement out of you . Laughing at insanity , knowing possibly it 's seed is squirrelled away inside you , is an interesting sensation . Which is why some people laugh at ` South Park ' and ` The Simpsons ' too . A great date movie . < end sarcasm >
 Ric Mixter is a Great Lakes shipwreck researcher , and in `` The Edmund Fitzgerald Investigations '' has produced an excellent documentary on the history of the `` Fitzgerald '' from design , through construction , operation , and ultimately , of course , her sinking . To me the amazing thing about this DVD is the amount of motion picture film that Mixter uncovered of the `` Fitzgerald '' . I was especially interested in her modular construction , and found the details of the boiler installations fascinating in particular . There is no doubt that the `` Fitzgerald '' was an impressive freighter , and the DVD really brings her to life , although footage of the bridge would have been welcomed.Mixter details the multiple investigations into the accident and their varying conclusions , interviewing people on all sides of the issue with fairness and respect . Although Mixter does n't offer a definitive conclusion about the cause of the sinking , he does allow the chief proponents of each to clearly state their case . The interviews with Great Lakes sailors , and especially former `` Fitzgerald '' crewmembers are very enlightening , as are the interviews with shipyard workers who built and launched the `` Fitzgerald '' . The documentary reports on all the expeditions to the `` Fitzgerald '' , with some truly amazing underwater photography of the wreck . Mixter also details the memorials and museum displays dedicated to the lives of the 29 men who died in one of the worst storms in Great Lakes history , while setting it in the context of the crew being 29 of an estimated 30,000 sailors to have perished on the Great Lakes.This is a special `` 50th Anniversary Edition '' -LRB- so designated because it was updated for the 50th anniversary of the `` Fitzgerald '' being launched -RRB- , that has loads of additional footage and extras . These are particularly strong , showing details about all the expeditions to the `` Fitzgerald '' and the submersibles involved , the bell recovery and preservation effort , the memorials , a five minute piece filmed on a modern Great Lakes freighter showing what onboard life is like -LRB- and interviewing the freighter 's Captain , whose first Third Mate job was on the `` Fitzgerald '' -RRB- , and previews from other Mixter documentaries.This is a great DVD for anyone interested in the `` Edmund Fitzgerald '' , Great Lakes shipwrecks , or maritime engineering and failures . This documentary does what it set out to do , it both educates and entertains
 If a person is into the '' Fitzgerald '' sinking I believe this DVD documentary will be a worthwhile investment . Not so much as a minute by minute record of the '' Fitz '' sinking slowly from approx 15:00 hrs onward but there is worthwhile knowledge of the boat to be had with some interesting interviews from men that built her to men that sailed on her.Even the actual radio transmissions of Capt.Bernie Cooper conversing with the Coast Guard after she disappeared , presumed lost . Also included was the mention of the mystery body that lies beside the forward end on the bottom . The retired investigator that in other interviews seemed in my view to blame the crew on the faulty hatch cover issue has this time around changed his view leaning away from crew negligence . Some very interesting points are brought up by all those interviewed.I think the more a person rehashes this DVD the more they 'll learn , I think it 's a good addition for those who are interested in the tragedy to compliment their other books , tapes , DVD 's , etc. . It has a few surprises from people who are in the know , enjoyed it ! 5 STARS .
 I 'll be honest , I purchased this based on reviews , and I now agree with every positive review . The DVD itself has a hint of cheapness - for example , it is an hour long and has no chapters at all , the sound balancing for the music is a tad off , and the DVD audio as a whole seems to be much louder than normal -LRB- just turn your TV down a bit to compensate and it 's 100 % normal -RRB- just little things like that , however the program itself is very good . Personal interviews , archived footage , etc - all of which more than make up for the tiny formatting complaints mentioned earlier . I am very happy with the purchase .
 Now you can invite America 's favorite dysfunctional family in to your home whenever you want . Selected by the executive producers and creator Matt Groening , these definitive Simpsons episodes are availible on video for the frist time.Volume 7 `` Bart Gets Hit by a Car '' When Bart get 's hit by a car driven by Mr. Burns , Homer sues his boss for $ 1 , 000 , 000 . WInning the case means lying in court , but Bart 's so so convincing it looks like te money 's already in the bank . Then Marge takes the stand . Will she lie ? Or should Homer kiss his $ 1 , 000 , 000 good-bye ? Phil Hartman guest stars . `` One Fish , Two Fish , Blowfish , Blue Fish '' The Simpsons go out for sushi and Homer ends up eating deadly blowfish venom . With only 24 hours to live , Homer makes a list of all the things he wants to do on his last day on earth - if he dose n't oversleep in the morning . Larry King and George Takei guest star.Volume 8 `` The Way We Was '' Ay Carumba ! The TV is broken ! Now the Simpsons have to ... talk to each other . So Marge tells the kids the story of how she and Homer fell in love . The trip fdown memory lane leaves Lisa with stars in her eyes - and Bart with his finger down his throat . Jon Lovitz guest stars . `` Homer Vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment '' The Simpsons have cable ! But they 're not paying for it . While Lisa wonders why the world is such a cesspool of corruption , Homer rejoices that one little wire can bring so much happiness . As for Bart , once he discovers the adult channel , he just rejoices . Phil Hartman guest stars.Volume 9 `` Three Men and a Comic Book '' Bart is desperate to won the very first `` Radioactive Man '' comic book , but he dose n't have the money . So he buys it with two friends . But who get 's to take the precious collector 's item home ? Looks like the boys are in for a lesson in sharing - and other silly stuff . Cloris Leachman and Daniel Stern guest star . `` Lisa 's Substitute '' Lisa 's substitute is the best teacher she 's ever had . Compared to him , Homer 's more of a wash-out than ever . Mr. Bergstrom teaches Lisa that `` life is worth living . '' What does Homer teach Lisa -RRB- besides burping -RRB- ? Perhaps more than either of them ever would . Sam Etic guest stars .
 This is the best wave of the bunch . Volume nine - Three Men and a Comic Book and Lisa 's Substitute are two of the greatest episodes ever . But they 're all great . Buy this set if you are thinking of buying one of the four . Trust me !
 All of the movies in the Gift Pack were `` fall out of your seat funny ! I was laughing SO hard ! This is one of the BEST simpsons gift packs ever ! You have got to pick it up at amazon.com !
 ANYBODY THAT DISLIKES `` THE SIMPSONS '' IS DUMBER THAN HOMER ON HIS WORST DAY . THIS COLLECTION FEATURES SOME OF THEIR BEST EPISODES PLUS EXTRAS YOU DO N'T GET ON TV . PLUS NO ANNOYING ADS ! I WOULD RECOMEND THIS OVER VOL .1 SINCE THE EARLIER EPISODES ARE N'T QUITE AS FUNNY AS THE `` MIDDLE '' YEARS . IF YOU CA N'T AFFORD THESE JUST MAKE YOUR OWN TAPES . EACH EPISODE IS LIKE A CHAPTER FROM A MOST RICHLY DRAWN BOOK THAT STANDS ON ITS OWN , YET BECOMES EVEN BETTER WHEN COMBINED WITH THE OTHERS . HOMER IS THE MAN !
 I am a hardcore simpsons fan and the quality of these videos is outstanding ! I personally like the shorts in between the two episodes on each tape from when the simpsons were on the Tracy Ullman Show .
 if you like the simpsons this box set is a must buy . i hav n't seen the forth set but of the ones that i did see this is the best set yet . my suggestion is that you order it right now .
 This video set contains , Bart Gets Hit by a Car , One Fish Two Fish Blowfish Bluefish , The Way We Was , Homer Vs. Lisa and the Eight Comandment , Three Men and A Comic Book , and Lisa 's Substitute . Each one is a gem and a keeper .
 First of all let me tell you the episodes this collection contains
 This is a cheap , quality video . Where else can you get 6 episodes and 3 hours of family entertainment for under ... bucks ? I only wish FOX would produce more boxed sets like these of their more recent episodes .
 The directors cutAmazon provides a thorough plot explanation so i wo n't go over it again , however what exactly is Malpertuis ? In Film Comment 's July/August 2007 issue it earns there Editor 's pick of the month , Gavin Smith says to try to `` imagine a hammer movie co-directed by Jean Cocteau and Raul Ruise and your getting warm.Malpertuis is a haunted house movie filled with dreamlike horror , one of the best , weirdest , and creative I have ever seen . As we see lanterns being put out by some sort of creatures lurking in the dark , we do n't see them just hear there childlike evil snickering . What is in the attic and what experiments have taken place in the basement ? The movie is filled with eroticism most of which is attributed by Susan Hampshire who plays three roles a virginal sister , Medusan cousin , and a sexually devouring aunt all equally sensual and sexual . Throw in some drama and even science fiction and you have something for everyone . In the 15 page booklet included with the dvd it spots H.P Lovecraft as an influence for writer Jean Ray who wrote the novel Malpertuis.The story starts with an illustration of Alice in Wonderland and from there we as viewers are taken for a trip through a rabbit hole ourselves.The scene where Orson Welles who plays the patriarch of this curious clan tosses out witty insults to them from his death bed degrading every member of his family , who await his death with glee is a classic.Orson Welles character Cassavius has alot in common with Citizen Kane . Both will die alone , even though Cassavius has family there he is still alone . That is not a plot spoiler he dies somewhat fast and i believe it is in the amazon review as well . Welle 's Citizen Kane Character liked to surround himself with rare and valuable pieces of art , Cassavius also likes to surround himself with rare treasure the question is what , we find that out in a shocking ending Film Comment magazine editor Gavin Smith refers to as `` one of cinema 's most flabbergasting never-saw-it coming denouements of all timeDVDIncludes a 15 page information packed booklet on the movie.The dvd receives a criterion like treatmentDisc 1-Malpertuis
 My only previous viewing , of this incredible film has been a very poor quality video tape , released by MPV , Motion Pictures on Video in 1987 and running ninety minutes . Having read about this work in an encyclopedia of Horror cinema , nothing could have prepared me for this intense , captivating vision which induced feelings of great humbleness , childlike wonderment and joy in this adult viewer . Film as art , beautiful , haunting , arresting the senses like little else.I urge anyone who loves film to support Barrel Entertainment and purchase this incredible 2 disc package , for more information take a look at Barrel 's website .10 / 10
 This gorgeous art-house shocker is a winner , but I 'm one of the few who prefer the 1971 theatrical cut to the 2002 directors cut . -LRB- Thankfully , both are included here . -RRB- Why , you may ask ? Did n't the director restore all the missing footage and present the film as intended to be seen ? Well , sort of . He also REMOVED certain shots and dialogue that were in the original , mostly the more campy , fantastical bits . This is similar to what happened when Picnic At Hanging Rock was restored - the director took a look and said , `` Whoops ! Kitsch !!! Cut it ! '' Now , however embarrassed you may be about past work , why edit a restored version and present it shorter , or at least incomplete?Sylvie Vartan 's song and dance number in the club Venus is butchered here , intercut with dialogue.A lot of the new version 's editing and fades seem a bit abrupt and unpolished , why not bring in the best in editing for such a prestigious project?Another peeve , why present the `` uncut '' restored director 's cut in DUTCH , when it was shot in English sync-sound ? We are even shown behind the scenes footage of the cast doing their scenes in English , which makes it weirder.Well , at any rate , the director 's cut looks gorgeous , much better than the theatrical version on disc 2 , sadly . I do agree with the new , more slower pacing ... and the added scenes all work brillantly . If only they had just added them in English and not messed with the rest of the film .
 For anyone who is into very esoteric cinema in the vein of '' Black Moon '' -LRB- another wonderful surrealist movie -RRB- , you will appreciate '' Malpertuis '' ! Surrealism , in part , is existentialism face to face with horror . The deepest theme of Malpertuis is the face to face encounter of each new generation with the legacy of horror inherited from a previous generation . Inevitably , each new generation either embracing that legacy , or forfeiting it , must come to confront itself , and determine its own destiny . On a secondary level is the cautionary allegory about the political and social identity of European youth coming of age in post WWII Europe with the legacy of Nazism and the notion of ` the master race ' . The other reviewers give you a synopsis of the story , so I wo n't duplicate it here . However , characterizing Nazi Germany as a deranged State , Malpertuis presents a subliminal examination of the relation between the individual and the State , and the ultimate responsibility of the individual to determine his or her own destiny by the choices made , bearing thematic resemblance to '' Sauna '' , a very excellent existential period horror piece the main theme of which is this very relation.Harry Kumel is an excellent director , and it is fortunate that he was able to work with Orson Wells , allowing him to essentially direct himself . Orson Wells gives a great performance , and knew exactly how to accentuate the underlying horrific elements of the story . Kumel gave similar freedom to Delphine Syrig in Daugthers of Darkness , one of my favorite films with one of the most memorable scenes in all of cinema
 A rare look inside Belgium movie making in the early 1970 's . The movie is a mixture of Fairytale & Horror , with Orson Welles primarily in the first 30 minutes of the film . Susan Hampshire is a fantastic actress playing four different roles in the same movie -LRB- you will not recognize her in her different characters -RRB- . The DVD box contained a glossy sixteen page booklet , and Bonus Features on two DVDs . I would recommend this DVD movie to anyone who is a fan of Orson Welles .
 FOREIGN LAND / Brazil-Portugal 199513 December 2003 The best part of this film is how much it surprises . It 's a B&W film from Brazil and deflates expectation as it starts out almost like a student film - slow , awkward and seemingly uninteresting , with so much of gritty grain that it is initially annoying . Yet the change of pace and the transition into a gripping tale of innocence , love and adventure is so seamless , that only in the end do we realize what sheer cinematic delight we have been privy to . * Mise-en-scene
 One of the best movies in the Brazilian history . It shows the human impact of the Brazilian financial instability in the early 1990s in the every day life of the population using the example of one single individual who get involved with traffic to keep his simple dreams possible .
 `` Foreign land '' is a film that has made my mind in my late teenage years . The story is alright , but it impresses for the image and sound composition . First , the photography of Walter Carvalho , black & white , Bresson-style . Then , the music , `` vapor barato '' , an anthem of the seventies in Brazil -LRB- and the song was not in the film , it became part of it when the director asked Torres - the character Alex - which song she considered important in her life . She was hearing Vapor Barato in her walkman -RRB- . It 's a moody film , and tells much more about the life of the characters -LRB- foreigners/expatried -RRB- , who search for something beyond , than about politics . It 's about people , not countries .
 Sometimes , movies that are not overly well-known and that you happen to watch just by chance give you a good surprise . `` Foreign land '' -LRB- = `` Terra estrangeira '' -RRB- , a Brazilian film in black and white directed by Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas , is one of those movies.The plot is simple
 This film is spectacular . The plot and theme take us from the economic and political realities of Brazil into Europe , which is one of the forefathers of middle-class . This symbolic return helps us discover what to be Brazilian is . Obviously , the film is much more nuanced . And for those Brazilians -LRB- and non-Europeans -RRB- who have lived in Europe the comprehension and enjoyment is unique.The direction , art and sound are beautiful and enticing , which is to be expected of Salles jr. , who well knows how to use scenes and actors on the big screen . Particularly , his landscape shots are breathtaking . Like in Behind the sun they are simple , expressive but not manipulative of the viewer.Last but not least , the ending song an emotional catharsis , which is symbolicaly and artistically pertinent . Just the director 's later film Central Station it is an integral part of the film.if you have n't seen this yet , then you know what to buy/rent next !
 This film is spectacular . The plot and theme take us from the economic and political realities of Brazil into Europe , which is one of the forefathers of middle-class . This symbolic return helps us discover what to be Brazilian is . Obviously , the film is much more nuanced . And for those Brazilians -LRB- and non-Europeans -RRB- who have lived in Europe the comprehension and enjoyment is unique.The direction , art and sound are beautiful and enticing , which is to be expected of Salles jr. , who well knows how to use scenes and actors on the big screen . Particularly , his landscape shots are breathtaking . Like in Behind the sun they are simple , expressive but not manipulative of the viewer.Last but not least , the ending song an emotional catharsis , which is symbolicaly and artistically pertinent . Just the director 's later film Central Station it is an integral part of the film.if you have n't seen this yet , then you know what to buy/rent next !
 Brazilian movies can be real good , this one is not an exemption . Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas made an intelligent and exeptional movie . Just do n't know why it was produced in black and white . Watch `` Central Station '' as well , you wo n't be disappointed . By the way
 A great film ! It really shows the real Brazil . The direction and cinematography was absolutely gorgeous . The story was very moving . I give it four stars .
 I bought season 's 1-4 whe they first started to come out , i was so happy because i like will smith and the show well is a classic , he brought a lot of things to my life that i ca n't explain , the 80 's feel the early 90 's clean fun comedy , classic Nike and air jordan sneakers , carlton , Beautiful Hilary i mean the whole cast was just the perfect fit . thank you for Making such a great show and also for making it a part of my Middle school & high school years . so with that said Let 's go bring on Season 5 and sooner then later Season 6 thank you `` Will Smith `` Fresh Prince '' hahaha ...
 According to Wiki , this item will be released on May 4th 2010 . I hope it 's true , and I hope they release season 6 within this year as well . YAY !!
 Great price , great item , great p & h. I would definitely buy from you in the future .
 The Fresh Prince Of Bel Air Season 5 is the continuation of the always funny and often heart wamring tales of Will Smith playing a character of the same name . Season 5 leaves off where season 4 ended . When we last saw Will , he had returned to Philadelphia with his California Aunt and Uncle and cousins in tow . After attending a Phillies game and reenacting scene 's from Rocky will finally confronts the very bully that sent him packing for cali in the first place . The first episode of season 5 leaves off with Will 's dilemma of now that he has finally erased the unfair label of him being a chicken in philly , should he stay or should he go back to California . Other memorable episodes in Season 5 , and there are many is Aunt Vivian and Uncle Phil 's appearance on Soul Train , to commemorate their anniversary . Will Smith also shows his acting chops and shows his dramatic acting abilities in the episode where Will takes a bullet for Carlton . An image that still evokes emotion is the final scene of the episode where Will lays in a hospital bed and begins to cry after he convinces Carlton to hand over the gun he purchased to protect himself and his cousin Will . Season 5 introduces Will 's new and through the rest of the season love interest Lisa played by Nia Long . Which results in even more hillarity . Especially Will 's interaction with her father played by John Amos . -LRB- Good Times -RRB- Ironically a little know fact is Jada Pinkett Smith was originally cast to play Lisa , but producers deemed her too short to play a love interest to Will who is 6 ' 3 and chose Long instead.If your a fan of the series , Season 5 is definetly a must have to add to your collection . The great thing about Fresh Prince is there isnt a weak season in the series and the show doesnt loose steam through it 's 6 year run . As always Will 's one liner jabs at his Uncle Phil are plentiful and the consistant comedic timing and chemistry of the odd couple cousin 's of Smith and Alfonso Ribeiro characters is worth the price of the dvd alone . I highly reccomend this dvd to anyone who is a fan of Will Smith and who loves any of the other previous season 's of The Fresh Prince Of Bel Air . My two year old daughter even loves to watch The Fresh Prince and always sits to watch it when I pop in a dvd of the show or we catch it on tv . And that 's saying something because she doesnt sit through many tv-shows and isnt captivated by them unless it 's Elmo or Nickelodeon cartoons.You can really see the cast enjoyed working together and had fun . Especially when they would show bloopers at the end of the episodes . Maybe then it 's no wonder why anyone who has watched Fresh Prince can easily imagine The Banks as a real family .
 I have been waiting so long for this season to come out ! This season is packed with hillarious episodes ... The show never gets dull & is always fun to watch ... I dont see as many re-runs on tv as I used too , so buying this season was the best thing I could have done !!! Also , please release the other 2 seasons right away ... We all want to see them again too ... Thanks ...
 I love all movies , television shows and videos Will Smith has ever been in ! I 've been very patient , now it is time to start bringing my collection of `` Fresh Prince of Bellaire '' to a close ! If you like clean cut family fun and entertainment , with a life lesson or two , then this is the series you want to get ! I recommend the entire collection 1-6 . Will Smith is an awsome rapper/actor and I love his work ! SO THANKS FOR SEASON FIVE AND COME ON SEASON SIX !!! I am a huge fan !
 I am so happy to add this to my already existing Fresh Prince tv series , and could n't be happier with the series . I have watched the show since I was a kid and never get tired of it ! Old school tv rocks !
 I bought this series , season by season , as a gift for my fianc&eacute; . They were a hit and we love them ! Fast shipping , great price and product .
 The fifth season was okay . Not as good and the first four seasons . Too much about sex and girls . The earlier seasons were much funnier . Still good though , you ca n't help but like Will Smith . The whole cast is still funny .
 it 's fresh prince of bel air . the best show ever made . never seems to fail me . .
 Season 4 of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air ended on a poignant cliffhanger . With Will becoming reminded of how much he truly loved his Philadelphia roots upon experiencing them firsthand during the Banks ' family vacation thereto , Smith hesitates to return to Bel-Air . But , after thinking it over -LRB- in this case , by contract agreement -LSB- got ta love the hilarious opening scene of the Season 5 debut -RSB- -RRB- , Will quickly heads out west to resume his alter ego.Speaking of the season opener , the two-part beginning to the series 's fifth year in operation -LRB- `` The Client '' / `` What 's Will Got To Do With It '' -RRB- parodies Motown in its caricature of record company founder , Berry Gordy , as `` Gordy Berry '' . -LRB- For those viewers who have seen the miniseries , The Temptations , actor Obba Babatunde played Berry Gordy in that movie in 1998 , four years after the brief stint as `` Gordy Berry '' in Fresh Prince . -RRB- In terms of the plot of this episode , Will attempts to help Ashley launch her signing career through auditioning for Gordy , with the hopes of getting her discovered in the music business . While the result is unfortunate , the hilarity and cleverness that ensue in the buildup are not to be reckoned with!Many of the episodes of Season 5 contain thick plots and detailed storylines -- whether elaborated upon over two episodes , or packed into one , each -- which help to make them -LRB- and the season itself -RRB- quite memorable . A lot of classics are featured this year , including `` The Wedding Show -LRB- Psyche ! -RRB- '' -- in which Will and his girlfriend-turned-fiancee from this season -LRB- Jackie from Season 4 has querily vanished from the face of the earth -RRB- , Lisa , flee from their fathers ' bickering about wedding arrangements and head to Vegas for a trippy yet hilarious Shaft-style `` wedding ceremony '' -LRB- the late , great Isaac Hayes guest stars in this episode -RRB- . By replacing `` Shaft '' with '' -LSB- Will -RSB- Smith '' , and absorbing Lisa 's father 's fiery wit towards Uncle Phil during the opening scenes
 Item matches description exactly . It is also an amazing christmas present and I would definitely recommend this product to anyone .
 Good product . Arrived in time.Perhaps not the best of the Fresh Prince serier , but enjoyable for the most part !
 I LOVE WILL SMITH IN FRESH PRINCE . . Love the show , so I ca n't wait for season 6 . .5 th season has 3 discs . . no problems with any of the discs . . the packaging is great.I do n't have to say anything about the 5th season shows as all fans of Fresh Prince already know , Will Smith NEVER disappoints . .
 My son loved this sit-com and has been waiting for the 5th season . He has watched it several times and enjoys it every time he sees it . It is Will Smith early on in his career and it makes for interesting viewing . Good buy .
 these are a riot to watch - great for the whole family , with a lot of laughs !
 well i 'm so happy and relieved that they are finally releasing season 5 since that long wait . A funny sitcom with good actor Will Smith . Ca n't wait !!
 I had bought all the DVDs up to season 4 and was dissapointed that they stopped issuing the seasons . All in al , the features are the same as the other seasons and the dvd 's are a must have for any fresh prince fan !
 I bought this for my son , who has the other seasons . He loves them all !
 For years we have waited . Now it 's time . One of the greatest shows of all time is finally on its way to being fully released on DVD . Bring it on !
 Its about freaking time !!! i thought i was going 2 have grandchildren before they released this and i dont even have kids yet !! thank you very much !!!!! Please dont make us wait so long for season 6
 It 's about time that it 's here . But I remember reading somewhere that it was because of rights to certain music in seasons five and six that was taking them so long . So now that five is here -LRB- or close enough , anyway -RRB- hopefully six should be here shortly after . After all , if they had to wait for rights for season five , they should have gotten them for season six , too , right ?
 You ca n't go wrong with this Will Smith classic ! Will Smith showed us his comic skills in this fun family friendly series . Also , who can forget the Carlton dance . Love it !
 This is the last good season of the show . I always did think it was a great show although I do n't even know how I got into it . The show should have ended here because it ended with Will getting married . I mean yeah he does n't in the end but I still think it should have ended this way.Did you know that Will Smith wanted the series to end because his movie career was gaining momentum at the time and he wanted to focus on that . He was also going back into making albums as well with Big Willie Style in 1998 and the show would have been in his way with the time commitments required for taping . There are rumors that Smith was ready to call it quits earlier -LRB- going back to Philly -RRB- but with the show still being popular , he decided to continue for a little while longer to satisfy the fans.Season was a great season but their were some weak episodes . Save the Last Trance for Me was probably the worst one of the season and I think would have fitted better for season 6 . Kim Fields and Sherman Hemsley appear again but as different charterers . Lisa -LRB- Nia Long -RRB- was great . She was a great actress and a good girlfriend and almost wife for Will.I doubt I will get season 6 because to me this is the end . Great show .
 Amazon did a very good job delivering my movie on time . . i will continue to order from here until they mess up . . over all the service was great !!!!
 I love the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air and was happy to add to my collection season 5 . I will look to add season 6 soon .
 I just love fresh prince of bel-air , when it was on tv.so I just had to buy itwhen it came on dvd.I laugh so much it 's a great show to watch , forall ages .
 I absolutely love the Fresh Prince , and buying this season was a great investment ! I personally think Season 4 is the best , but this one is a close second . Also , Season 3 has bloopers at the end of every episode that I love , but I do n't believe any of the others do ... which is a little disappointing . Regardless , I will be buying Season 6 soon !
 we now come to season fiven of the fresh prince of bel-air . this season is pretty good . i love this show . ca n't wait until season six comes out in april .
 I purchased the fifth season of Fresh Prince of Bel-Air for my niece for Christmas and she was so happy . The order came in just in time for Christmas!Very Pleased with Amazon 's service!Emma - Marz
 Watch it all the time . . have all the seasons . It is very funny and is a classic . Got ta love the classics .
 This show is my favorite of all time . There 's not many shows that put you in a good mood no matter how you 're feeling when you watch it . This one is a show that will do that for you.The entire cast was great & while some were supposed to be really annoying , you still could n't really dislike them b/c the show was so good & their roles were so evenly balanced that you never ended up disliking anyone -LRB- at least I did n't -RRB- , which is rare for me b/c I ca n't remember a show where you do n't dislike at least one person . Even when they changed the mom , they did n't really seem to lose their stride . I liked both mom 's very much & was mad at first but the new one grows on you also , pretty quick.Will Smith is great at whatever he does & is up there on my list of top actors of all time .
 All 5 episodes were classic Anthony Bourdain . Pre-No Reservations , Layover and all but two of his books , I believe . I like his honesty , even with his own show and bad choices . His love fo real food of the people , not food of books really shows .
 gritty realistic and severe . I wish this was the only show on T V because there is notihg lie it and it is well acted and great story line . very real .
 This is the family you love to hate . William H. Macy is totally despicable . He 's filthy , crude and seemingly only out for himself , but he does have his human moments . Ms. Rossum is magnificent as the eldest daughter called on to keep the clan together.I have watched a little of the British series from which this was adapted . For me there was no comparison .
 What can I say about this series ? It is first-rate - great TV watching . I ca n't wait for Season 2 .
 I thought my family was bad , very good actors ; love Wm H Macy . Ca n't wait for season 3 . This is not forPG ` rs , my spouce wo n't admit he likes it and ca n't fathom this kind of dysfuntion exists . Will have to checkout the English version .
 This is a great show , funny , has a lot of , LOL , and &#34; wow really ? &#34; factors . Almost as good as the BBC version , But Macy makes this one .
 There is a great moment in Shameless -LRB- SEASON 2 -RRB- in which Fiona finds herself on the run from the wife of the guy she just shagged . Ducking for cover , she hides underneath Sheila 's -LRB- the AMAZING Joan Cusack -RRB- table . Laughing to himself , Frank hides with her and the two share a father/daughter moment . At this point I -LRB- ALREDY A BIG FAN OF THE SERIES -RRB- was hooked . The second season of the funniest show on TV just gets better as we see the Gallaghers through tough situation after tough situation . Never has a show been written to such lengths of honesty . Shameless Season 2 just gets better . If you LOVED season 1 , then you 'll love season 2 . SHAMELESS -LRB- The most creative show on TV -RRB-
 Fiona is so HOT . If you saw Season 1 then you have to see this season . Lots of T&A , and of course Frank is still drunk all the time and is still a low life .
 Ive watched this show from the beginning . This show is laugh out loud funny . You can really relate to the characters and if not you just enjoy the story .
 This Shameless series is so funny and so delightful to watch , you will buy the whole season and watch it all in 2 or 3 days ... . This series gets very high marks from me ... . Laughed for hours
 Great show , I would assume not for everyone , but definitely a good dark-humor comedy that is richly entertaining ! Great cast , great story plot , and the chemistry of all the actors is outstanding ! Ca n't wait for the next Season !
 It 's a train wreck family but with necessary dysfunction . Very entertaining , funny , sad , ridiculous , too close to home sometimes . I had a hard time not watching when I knew I had episodes left .
 Sooo yummy , I 'm psyched up for the third season now ! This was exactly what I wanted , and everything was in perfect , excellent condition .
 one of my favorite shows . . Must admit Sheila is my favorite person ... all the people are very interesting , quirky ... unrealistic but fun to see who gets away with what ...
 This show never fails to surprise , sometimes shock me . When this show is on I drop everything else I 'm doing to ensure I do n't miss it .
 You have to watch this series . I ca n't wait till the three season comes out . Watch the first two seasons . Great series
 I was told by a friend to watch this show it 's so funny great plot line , acting is phenomenal and the HD Quality on the kindle was great took a long road trip up to Vermont watched 6 hours straight and enjoyed every minute of this show .
 outstanding writing can relate to a lot of issues and funny as all hell spent 4 days watching 1@2 now ready for season 3
 I ordered season 1 and 2 , so addicting.This show is very entertaining and funny . If you have n't seen it , do yourself a favor and start .
 What is n't there to love about this show ??? Frank is a babbling alcoholic , dingy mother that pops in and out , Fiona holding the rest of the kids down ... Lip , Ian , Debbie , Carl and Liam ... i ca n't get enough of this show !
 I bought this to gift my friend in India . So it came in time and I am happy about it .
 Awesome show _ a trainwreck , but an awesome trainwreck . Acting , writing , directing , every thing works well together . I have already turned quite a few friends on to this show
 I love this show . I am so addicted to it that I think I finished the season in less than a week . I am dying for season 3 .
 Another Al Bundy type comedy but I love it nonetheless . Awesome show , cast , storyline . This is one of the few good shows on tv . Every episode is an adventure so you have to buy it . Now predictable at all .
 the funniest show on tv . showtime outdid themselves . bought both seasons and cant wait for season three . macey is brilliant
 This is is most messed up family I have ever encountered . Entertainment to the Max . Shameless is a must see .
 We were latecomers to the Shameless phenomenon , but we 've really enjoyed the show . The second season is smoother than the first , and much more intriguing . If you do n't love the first season , stick it out -- the second is well worth it .
 Shameless is a series you can watch over and over again and ask yourself how they managed to put your family on TV . Okay , it 's really not my family , but it 's funny , light , and leaves you with a &#34; thank heavens this is n't my family &#34; feeling as you move from episode to episode . Emmy Rossum is brilliant as the teen daughter left to care for her weird family as Daddy Frank is out boozing and Momma Mona has abandoned her pride . If you have n't seen the first season , by all means get that first . Sexy , funny , and light .
 love , love , love well worth the money ... very reasonable ... 12 more words , satisfied , love , love , love , love , love love love love love
 All the characters -LRB- actors -RRB- play their roles perfectly . Like the above review , I know families and people like the Gallaghers . They exist , but to act it and make it believeable is another thing . William Macy , I have seen many of his movies and to be able to have his character in this series make me forget his other roles is the sign of a very , very talented man . They do n't give Oscars for TV show actors , but he deserves one . He nails it , I have a friend who I went to school with and now at 59 years old could be Franks twin . Not sure if the writers of this show may have met my friend . Macy plays it to perfection . The series is excellent , the acting very believable and I am always saying , `` I know poeple who act like that '' . Buy it , and enjoy , this one is a winner .
 love this show , my absolute favorite show right now to watch , I had to buy the DVD 's so I can watch it over and over as well as get others hooked to the show .
 I 've recently decided that Shameless is the best show on television currently . It 's the kind of series that 's so fast-moving , so well acted and written , that you can watch it over and over again and notice new quirks each time . Some people would probably call the show 's lack of shame tasteless . To me , it 's exciting . You truly do n't know what 's going to happen next!The second season started out a little slow , but once Frank 's mother -LRB- `` Grammy '' -RRB- shows up , things really kick into gear . Played with utter relish by the great Louise Fletcher , Grammy 's a force of nature . And let 's just say , her character arc ends in quite a. . . shocking way.Season Two also sees the return of Chloe Webb as Monica Gallagher , Frank 's estranged wife and altogether crazy , sad character . Her episodes are such a great , gritty depiction of mental illness . I 'm always amazed with how this show manages to be both fall out of your seat funny and completely heartbreaking ... sometimes at the same time.As with the first season , the ensemble cast is extraordinary , led by William H Macy and Emmy Rossum -LRB- where is the awards show love for these two ? Especially Rossum ! -RRB- . Joan Cusack continues to steal every single scene she 's in , and has a few really , really funny ones towards the middle of the season . And finally , the kids manage to be totally unaffected and charming . You really feel like you 're a part of this crazy , dysfunctional family -- for better or worse!In short , if you have n't seen this series , go buy the first season on DVD and get this one as soon as it 's released . You will be completely addicted .
 I ca n't wait until season two comes out on DVD . Shameless is totally different and fantastically written , directed and the actors superbly cast . If it continues with this great ensemble , it will last season after season for years .
 This is a terrific series . I grew up with a couple alcoholic parents that delved into some mild drugging and I see a great deal of my childhood as well as my own adult life in so much of Shameless . I 'm not saying my family 's lives were as hilariously funny as Frank 's whole crew but I 'm sure they could get some good material from me . I 'd feared this series would be taken as too farsical and dispensed with after the first season . Usually when I like a series really well it disappears . William Macy has done a terrific job of depicting a deplorable , filthy , alcoholic with absolutely no morals . My hat is off to the rest of the cast . It is impressive the child actors can bring across such convincing roles portraying the lives of a dysfunctional family so well .
 Probably one of the best shows on TV . All the actors are great , even the kids , and we can all easily connect with their characters . It 's almost impossible not to like this show . I also love the comedy resulted by all those hard situations they have to go through.Shameless is one of the best shows to come along in a long time . Sometimes the depictions of life on America 's edge are so real I can barely watch . While veteran character actors like Wm Macy and Joan Cusack deliver every week , the children in this show are phenomenal . Some of the best acting from young people I have ever seen . Lip breaks my heart - a brilliant kid with no blueprint for success . Karen and Fiona are two sides of the same coin - achingly vulnerable one minute and steel backbone the next . I have been Fiona at times in my life -LRB- as a single mother in poverty -RRB- the actress hits so many nuanced notes - brilliant . whoever writes this knows the alcoholic dance intimately and is fearless . Thank you to all involved in this amazing show . I can not wait for next January!This show is very well written and the actors fit their characters extremely well . this show is a real down and dirty type of show that has real life situations and puts it into a show . this is my favorite show that is a mixture of drama and comedy at some parts . although this family may by dysfunctional , there are times of real unity which makes the show even better.Please let me know if my review has helped you in your inquiry or purchase !
 NO SPOILERS : When Howard Stern first moved to NBC NY , management tried to control him . He rebelled . Then the ratings came out . Most enlightening was that the people who proclaimed to despise Stern , actually stayed with the show longer than fans . The reason ? `` Because they wanted to see/hear what happened next ! `` Shameless is a cornucopia of taboos that is marketing material for the Christian Right/Family Values Coalition ! Homosexuality , drug and alcohol abuse , child neglect , frequent sex , criminality , etc.Shameless is a dark comedy that is both shocking and funny with enough gratuitous sex and nudity to take the edge off a typical Sunday Night after having spent the lion share of the day watching football . There are also from time to time some real dramatic moments added to the mix . However , the main reason why I regularly tune in and have rated this * 5 is because I find myself in the position of continually wanting to see `` what happens next . `` The usual comedic fare these days are situation comedies , which while serialized , are often presented in a manner so that they can be watched on a stand-alone basis . Shameless is constantly evolving , thus to get best viewing experience one should start from the beginning.My highest rating for a dark situational comedy
 This series has some really funny skits and some parts of it are really hard to take if your at all sensitive to the human condition.My wife is a social worker and had a hard time with some of the dialog , but we still recommend the show to our friends . The writing is probably some of the best on TV and the acting is truly wonderful , the whole cast makes the series real .
 Love it , series is amazing and can not wait for season 3 . One two three four five six seven eight
 I love this show . All the characters are great . Hope the seasons continue . I have recommended it to others who like it too .
 I love love love this show ! The characters are so well written play out great . Nothing clean about this humor though folks , so if you are looking for a show to watch with the family , try something else .
 what can I say this is a awesome show , it is about a totally disfunctional family , with about every problem you can think of , trying to get by day to day .
 This show it 's completely , ridiculously hilarious ! I never know what 's going to happen , just that it 'll be well-written , well-acted , and always worth watching . I ca n't wait for the next season !
 William H. Macy is brilliant in this show . All the other actors perform amazingly as well . The storyline is hilarious and disturbing all at the same time . Coming from a large Irish family myself ; I can relate to this family on so many levels . Fantastic show !!!
 You will love this.Something different with every show , by different I mean , strange or unusual . Definitely worth watching.Entertaining.could not approve of it more .
 This show is fantastic . It has me seriously considering the costly subscription to Showtime . The characters are all great and the actors do a terrific job with them .
 I 've watched the UK Shameless , and really did n't think the US Shameless would be able to compete . Boy was I wrong , the US version has a lot more depth to the characters . Love it .
 This has got to be the funniest show ever . Every single kid -LRB- except the baby/toddler -RRB- is a con artist and opportunist . It just gets better and better . Along with laughing the 2nd season made me cry too . Great writing and great acting . It does n't get any better than this !
 If you are looking to laugh , I would highly recommend this series . It also has a good story line . Most funny shows i watch dont have a good story . The father of the family `` frank '' is hilarious , and has the worst luck ! Actually everybody in the family is funny and great . Sorry this is so long but it 's that good and I 'm passionate about telling everyone I know to watch it !! I passed my blue ray copy to everyone . If u r reading this I would give it to u too ! Lol !! Here is the story of how I got into '' shameless '' . My finance started watching it and I was n't interested in it at all ! I was messing around on my iPhone trying not to pay attention to it and catching bits and pieces of it and was laughing my you know what off . To make a long story short I had to buy the first season on blue ray because I am stubborn -LRB- like most men -RRB- and was sticking to my guns that I was n't interested in watching what I thought at the time was a stupid show . So when I gave in , the show was n't on showtime on demand anymore . So being a stubborn a hole , it cost me $ 45.00 dollars but well worth every penny and I get to keep it for ever . If I ever get it back from my sister . She 's like me and passes it to everyone she knows . My blue ray copy went `` viral '' lol . Also if you have kids , make sure they are in bed because there is a lot of nudity and sex . Clear your schedule because once i started i couldnt stop till I i ran out of shows in the second season . I hope you read to this point so I can say thanks for reading my story . Lol . I hope this helps you make your decision ! I love it !!!!!!! Thank you Marc
 Coming from the U.K. version i expected it to be exactly the same , but I do enjoy the changes in the characters , and some of the story line . Great job on the new Mickey character , I enjoy this Mickey much more than the U.K.Please do n't get rid of &#34; Jimmy &#34; , Fiona , Veronica , Kev . They are a great asset to the show . Although in U.K. you took them out , me being disappointed , it actually still worked.Some how you must have the Mcguires Move into the apartment next to them or incorporate them some how to be family next door . I 'm only on season 5 on U.L. but really enjoy the chaos brought by them . But everything in the U.S , version is awesome although &#34; Jimmy 's &#34; forehead does bother me a bit . But all the changes to Shameless compared to U.KL . is great
 I am sometimes horrified that I enjoy this series so much . I think the writers/producers would enjoy hearing that , as they love to go for the shock value . Sometimes , it goes over the top . I have seen things I did not want to see , but I ca n't stop watching.Seriously , this series will never be for everyone . I 'm never gon na say , &#34; Hey grandma , come over and lets watch Shameless . &#34; I worry that in showing the gritty truth of these people , they will somehow glorify them . No one wants their kid to grow up and be a Gallagher -LRB- except maybe Emmy Rossum 's Fiona , has there ever been a better film depiction of youth being derailed by responsibility ? -RRB- Yet despite it all , I like these people , and I wish for them -LRB- in the last , final episode someday -RRB- a redemption that God or scriptwriters seldom give .
 The American Shameless is based off a very well written and recieved british Shameless , which is also very good and still being made . As someone who started out watching the british version first , I can honestly say that I love the American version just as much , and sometimes more . I think it may because I am an American and grew up in a similar situation in the American ghetto . It is so well written and directed . The Actors chosen are perfect and I ca n't think of any better choices . Every character is portraid amazingly . I would recommend this show to anyone who 's okay with constant swearing and constant nudity and sex . The show has plenty of that , but it 's what gives it the realness aspect which makes it feel alive . I 've grown to care about these characters like my own friends and family .
 5 star program . Amazon instant video made the viewing experience excellent . Cast and crew did an excellent job on season two . I was glued to the screen until I finished the season
 My son loves the series as well as the actors involved , he has the first on and cant wait for the next season to begin
 This series is without a doubt and most crass thing I have seen and I LOVE IT . This family is always scrapping and scraping to get by and just about everyone in the family has a live problem to deal with . Their parents are messed us with normal diseases such as alcoholism and bi-polar disorder . They fall in love with the wrong people , they make mistakes etc. . This is real life stuff . Buy both the 1st and 2nd seasons .
 This show is great , this season is great . I ca n't wait till January 6th for the new season !! I do n't have Showtime so HOPEFULLY I will be able to purchase each episode here on Amazon as they air !!!
 I love this show and the more I watch , the more I am addicted . The acting is wonderful and the writing is first rate , each episode engrossing . The second season seems to have a more hopeful air to it than the first and the ending is on a more positive note . I wish they showed the characters Veronica and Kevin more but it still is quite entertaining . As one reviewer already noted , this series is not for the faint of heart and shows male/female nudity , not a good choice for a purist . The reason why I gave this season a 4 star rating is because of the character `` Mandy '' and the fact Jane Levy is no longer participating in the show . Levy had the perfect look , appearing as an average teenager -LRB- so to speak -RRB- and the correct amount of sex appeal . But Emma Greenwell is off the make for the needed attributes of Mandy . She looks much older than 16/17 and is model pretty , lacking the gritty , street hardened beauty Levy brought to the table . Greenwell is a good actor in her own right but she should of been brought on as another character instead of a replacement . It seems Jane has a budding career and may not of wanted to return but it is true stupidity if the decision was made by the studio execs . If so , they really are not paying attention to the expanding world of the Gallagher 's . Other than the change in casting the show is wonderful and deserves a closer look if you have not seen it .
 This show has an awesome cast and the show definitely lives up to the name . It has a different tone than the UK version . Not better or worse , just different .
 We love this series and knew we had missed some of the episodes so I ordered the set for my husband for Christmas . Excellent acting and great story lines . These people are truly shameless , especially William H. Macy 's character , Frank , which is played superbly , as one would expect from Macy .
 The price of this item went down between order and delivery and the difference was refunded . That 's nice . I was made at myself for ordering DVD rather than BluRay ... . There were also some issues with the first disk as it freezes in places on a couple of the episodes .
 The only thing bad I could say is that I watched the whole season of this guilty please in two days and now I have to wait for season three .
 did a pre order and it is on its way . . i am sure it is as good as season 1 . Want to get this viewed so i will be OK for season 3 to start .
 the name says it all , shameless !!! WOW.I love it ! I am ready for more.Frank is something else ! Always looking for that easy money .
 How many times can your mouth fall open in astonishment ? I stopped counting . The behavior of this family is deeply disturbing and deeply mesmerizing , all at the same time . The acting is out-of-this-world good . True emotion , flawless dialogue , great directing . It 's the gritty whole-grain sibling to white-bread Weeds -LRB- which I also love -RRB- . I did n't see the first series of Shameless , but I did n't have any trouble starting with Season 2 , thanks to the recap before each episode . I highly recommend it , but not for anyone under 18 . It 's bad , bad , bad and I could n't stop watching it . I 'm ordering the next season as soon as I can .
 This is one of the best shows ever . It 's irreverent , funny , outrageous and makes me laugh more than any show that I can remember .
 I adore this program . It took me a couple viewings to get into it and then it 's just one big roller coaster ride . Way better than the English version in my humble opinion .
 Sad and hilarious at the same time . I sure there are a lot of people recognize parts of their childhood in this show , which is also sad but true .
 I absolutely love this show . I have laughed my way through every episode . Frank is definitely not the father of the year and Fiona has the weight of the world on her shoulders , but they are Gallaghers and they stick together .
 This show is so over the top they could not have named it more aptly.I gave it to my neice for Christmas and she is loving every crazy minute of it.Definetly for adults only .
 &#34; Shameless &#34; is by far the best damn tv show ever produced . This is my favorite show . I recommend buying this to anyone who loves good tv . The Gallagher family is your typical &#34; poor &#34; family . Loser parents and a band of children who come together and fend for one another . It really shows that you dont have to have money to have love . But with money , there is a lack of love .
 The cast - each and every one of them - incredible ! the story lines - moving , funny , touching and real all at the same time ! Just finish season two - was just as impressed as the characters developed . Keep this on - for a long time !
 Both seasons are outstanding . The characters are full , the writing is outstanding , and the acting is superb . It has a great mix of laughs and drama that make for an addictive show . None of the characters are all good and none of them are all bad . It is the only show that I watch where I dislike some of the characters but still want to watch them episode after episode .
 If you 're easily scandalized , this show is NOT for you ! It gets more and more intense by the episode and delivers one shocker after another towards the end of the season -LRB- including , but not limited to , several shots of a vagina mid-birth -RRB- . The storylines are more intense than they were in the first season and Emmy Rossum 's performance is better than ever . I will , however , only rate it 4 stars as the beginning of the season failed to impress me and while it got much better week by week , I simply did n't enjoy it as much as I did the first.It 's still highly entertaining television and if you like Showtime original programming I definitely suggest you watch it !
 if you liked the first season then you will love this one even more it brings back the whole cast from the first one for more adventures and surprises
 This show is the ultimate in guilty pleasures . The acting and writing is superb - William H. Macy is a very talented actor - he plays the role of Frank with such brilliance . The price for the entire season can not be beat .
 The story line is even better in this season . I think it can do without as much nudity as it has , however , same with the first season .
 Watching this insanely disfunctional family makes one feel good about their own life . The show quickly grew onme and became addictive .
 This was a gift for my daughter . A BIG HIT . Off beat humor is the best . I recommend this completely .
 And I 'm not sure why . Just something about watching the most dysfunctional family on the south side of Chicago in an un-edited , un-apologetic is fun .
 I thought this season was great . They are really putting a got spin on this show compared to UK , the US is way better .
 i enjoy watching this dysfunctional family try and survive life together ... although there is such a sad tone underneath the real story line .
 This series is not for the tame or lame . Ii is a story about how the poor manage to make a living , keep food on the table and pay tahe bills . People whom live a life of abundance might not understand the crazy things that go on at the bottom of the socila latter . The show puts a comedic spin on the very serious day to day lives of those struggling to make it.Pilot
 We watched the first season and liked it more and more , no there is no morality in the show , how though you should look at it as a slapstick humor , Not to be taken serious if you do , do n't watch it , its like a spoof on a family living in a hard part of town a family of over 6 or so make ends meet while living life , very entertaining.Not for the prudes of the world , Unique and fesh , though if this type of shows started coming about more often it would be bad entertainment .
 I do n't have time to watch regular TV so I have to keep up with the Instant Video version of Shameless on Amazon . I love this show . I have worked with alcoholics , addicts , their families and the system for over 40 years . I have actually witnessed , or at least heard about , someone who has lived every story line that I have seen so far . The writers , using just the right touch of fiction mixed with real life , have captured the true essence of what happens in these situations every day . It is shameless but very true . And I ca n't say enough about the cast . Everyone of these guys and gals play their roll so well that I forget that they are acting . I only watch three ongoing TV shows each week . Shameless is at the top of my list . I give everybody who is involved in the production of this show an A + . Shameless is truly shameless . But if you watch it , just one time , I promise you will become addicted to it .
 What came be said about Shameless , just WOW thay went there . Or that did not just happen . This US version on the UK cult hit looses nothing from the original .
 No complaints . Wish I did not have to add these other words to close this screen . Interesting process but not very thought out !
 Ca n't believe this show has n't been nominated for anything . This is such a fantastic show , it 's more real than Reality TV I can tell your that . It 's sad to think that there are real families out there , just like this one ... and how they struggle to stay together , work as a team and fight the system all at once .
 I am totally addicted to this show . I watch the show every Sunday , and I am never disappointed . Each time I think how much more can this family take . I love Fiona - she will do whatever she needs to in order to keep her family together .
 This show never seems to disappoint . Season 1 and season 2 are both worth watching and buying so you can watch again and again ! I only wish I got Showtime at home so I did n't have to wait so long for Season 3 to come out ! Season 2 ending definitely has me ready for more !
 This show is the best thing since Weeds ! It is funny , exciting , crazy and an all around good time . Very fun to watch
 This family has so many dysfuntions that they should never make it a day but they also have determination and a great deal of love they always fall back on .
 Bizarre and pithy , this is an adult only howl . 5 Stars . One hopes this is not real life , because you would n't want these people in your state , much less your ` hood !
 Shameless is a great series . Great actors , Funny plots , and outrageous things that happen to this family and in the end they always somehow get by cheating the system .
 This movie is completely useless to any normal person ! I lost whatever brain cells I have left watching it then could n't find my way home from the movie theater ! This is a masterpiece that would have Siskel holding 2 thumbs up from below . A must for the whole family .
 Movie title
 At first glance `` Dude Where 's My Car '' will probably hit you as one of those `` dumb but funny '' movies . In truth , of course it is , but the story that develops is actually pretty decent and a lot better than you would think initially.THE STORY : Chester -LRB- Sean William Scott , `` American Pie '' series , `` Road Trip '' -RRB- and Jessie -LRB- Ashton Keaton -RRB- are two stoner buds who wake up from a night of partying with NO MEMORY of what they did over night . As the movie progresses it is slowly revealed that they had quite the night becoming mixed up with a transvestite striper , purchasing all types of stuff and even becoming caught up in the middle of an intergalactic battle between good and evil !!! In the midst of it all , they must also battle to save their relationships with their twin girlfriends and , of course , find Jessie 's missing car.Best Scenes : - the blind boy meeting the alien chick - the Ostrich farm - Chinese take-out - ZOLTAN !!!! THE DVD FEATURES : The DVD is actually chalked full of some great extras , including : - Feature Length Commentary with the director , Sean William Scott and Ashton Kutcher
 Wow . After watching this movie the first time ... I thought it was the stupidest waste of time . I could n't belive I had wasted my time on it.Until an hour later ... I suddenly found myself using quotes from the movie and giggling . There are so many great , oddball scenes , so many over-the-top moments . So many great quotes . Yes , the movie is completely Stupid , but it 's fun , it 's `` zany '' and goshdarnit ... it can be watched more than once !
 `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' opens with `` stoners '' Jesse and Chester -LRB- played by Ashton Kutcher and Seann William Scott -RRB- waking up to find Jesse 's car missing -LRB- hence the film 's title -RRB- . But the boys have no memory of the night before , and thus must solve the mystery of the missing vehicle . Their first clue involves ... pudding . `` Dude , '' directed by Danny Leiner , is a whimsical blend of mystery , comedy , and science fiction . It 's full of absurd characters and ridiculous situations , and is shot with real visual flair . The comedy is very much enhanced by the easygoing likeability of and solid `` buddy '' chemistry between Kutcher and Scott . They are well backed by a good supporting cast ; along the way are some quirky and very enjoyable cameo spots.The DVD offers a feature length commentary by director Leiner and costars Kutcher and Scott . Their three-way verbal interplay is hilarious and very informative ; if you already enjoy this film I highly recommend watching it with this commentary .
 `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' is a fascinating study of the human mind , and how we react when one , in fact , loses their car . The actual scenario of losing your car , whether by theft or carelessness , et al , is a mortifying experience.While the car is not a child , we sometimes treat it like one . We clean it when it 's dirty , we bring it inside when the elements might harm it . When it 's thirsty , we give it a drink , when it gets tired , we allow it to rest.As we watch Ashton Kutcher and Seann William Scott deal with their loss , we see them use comedic capers to disguise their anguish . Their car is missing , but are they really laughing , or are they masking the internal conflict?The director of `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' has created a source of therapy -LRB- perhaps unintentionally -RRB- for all that are missing something in their lives . Kutcher and Scott show us that while it is important to cope with your loss , it is okay to have fun doing it . Essentially , `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' is to Generation-X , what `` Ordinary People '' was to the Baby-Boomers . With clever writing and wonderful cameos by Jennifer Garner -LRB- `` Alias '' -RRB- and Kristy Swanson -LRB- the original `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' -RRB- , this movie is a must-see for all of you experiencing a loss .
 This is one of my favorite movies ever . It just makes me laugh , i love stupidity . If you do n't like movies that make no sense and you want something intelligent or if you are thinking that this is going to be genius . Go somewhere else ... this is a funny/stupid movie . I dont do drugs or drink so you cant say that u were drunk or high when you saw it . So if you just want a odd stupid movie to laugh and to quote . This is a great one , when Ashton Kutcher was still funny . Watch this for a laugh .
 Well , i wasnt expecting much at all from this movie , and i didnt get much from it . but it does have some hilarious laugh-out-loud moments . i 'd have to say that part with the chinese lady at the drive through was one of the funniest moments caught on a movie . it was a retarted movie , but at the same time a fun and lighthearted film . see this if you want a couple of laughs .
 This movie had me and my boyfriend laughing out loud at times . Definitely worth watching ! If you 're looking for slap stick comedy and a good laugh , see this ! The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because the ending was n't as hilarious as the rest of the movie .
 this is funny . just plain stupid and funny . i saw it 4 times in the theaters . this is no waste of money . if you like bill & ted and billy madison , you 'll love dude
 I 'm a huge , HUGE fan of Dumb adn Dumber and I thought this comedy was the same thing ... which it is . BUT , and this is a very big BUT ... it goes off onto a weird plot about fantasy things . It kind of gets ridiculous around the 40 minute mark , but the first half is pretty funny . It 's one of those movies that you really have to suspend disbelief , because it 's not real what-so-ever . Although if it would have had more realism to it , it could have been a great flic.The bonus stuff is pretty good and I love the commentary that Ashton , Scott and Danny give . Great stories from the set !
 Why give it five stars ? Because its just that darn funny . Though `` Dude '' has two idiot main characters , the plot is very intelligent , and becomes better and better as time goes on . It 's not Shakespeare and it 's not meant to be ; sometimes 11/2 hours of comedy are just that . All told , this is a movie that is `` sweet ! ''
 This movie was soo funny . ALthough sometimes they tired to hard to make this a stupid or funny movie . It wont win any awards but its worthy of my DVD collection .
 Okay , okay , yes , I graduated college with honors . Yes , I love to read books and watch movies that are intellectually stimulating . In general I think that movies pander to the lowest comon denominator ; however , this movie ROCKS !!!!! I have n't seen anything this funny and well-made since the first `` Wayne 's World . '' A movie like this could easily fall flat , but the chemistry between the actors and the tongue-in-cheek way that the lines are delivered raise it far above the others in this -LRB- mostly tedious -RRB- genre . -LRB- The fact that I have a crush on Hal Sparks does n't hurt either -RRB- .
 One Thursday night my friend dragged me to see what I thought would be a really stupid film . Ok , Ok , it was ... dump but in the same time different . I can only say I laughed like I have never laughed in a theatre before . Especially the kissing scene , that was so surprising . I really do think that the two main characters were great . It is not easy to play in a movie like this one . As you probably have noticed I have `` only '' given this movie 4 stars . My reason for this is , that though the film is UNBELIAVEBLE FUNNY , it is , and I think we all can agree on that , superficiel . If a film shall be given 5 stars , it has to be a film that can make you think and wonder . That is my opinion , but 4 stars for giving me a great experience . And then ... !!!
 best movie ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It was so so so so so funny ! Some people may think it was really gay and stupid ... but it 's not , seriously . The main characters are so awesome ... they 're so stupid , that it 's funny . The `` and then '' lady freaks me out though ... The llamas are awesome . If I could I would have given it ten stars . If you want to watch a serious movie do n't buy this ... but you can anyway . All people who hated this , are very very wrong and you should at least rent it and watch it . It 's very extremely amazingly funny ! THE END
 Dude , Where 's My Car ? rocketed straight to the top of my ` favorite movies ' list after the first time I saw it . A great fan of bad puns , one-liners , and just overall tacky , I found myself laughing my head off . What really struck me about this movie , though , was how well-written it was . There was not a single part of the movie that was not integral to the plot in one way or another , which is made all the more dumbfounding after seeing jokes like `` Dude , Llamas ! '' `` Dude , those are ostriches . '' < a while later > `` Stupid Llamas !!!! '' * l * If you love whimsical , cheesy , and just a little tacky , this is definitely the movie for you !
 This is one of the most creative comdey 's out there . If your thinking it 's just a dumb movie for the young guys let me tell you my 53 year old father poped in when this was on and ended up staying for the whole thing , laughing his -LSB- rear -RSB- ... off .
 Ok , personally , I do n't love really stupid movies . But i have to admit , this movie made me laugh a lot ! Ashton kutcher and Seann William Scott are adorable and even though it is obvious that this movie is extremely stupid , it is definitely something to watch if you want to laugh . And if you like the movie , the DVD is really cool becuse it shows you some of the extended scenes and they are really funny . Get this movie !!!
 with all the love and pation it is a heart-warming movieit effected my life by teaching me how to wear bracesTTFNTa Ta For Now
 DUDE , THIS WAS THE FUNNIEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN ! ITS LIKE BILL AND TED MEET DUMB AND DUMBER ! SHIBBY !
 So many great lines in this movie ! A very enjoyable movie ! Funny , a little silly and very entertaining for all .
 OMG !!! I ca n't believe that I waited so long to see this movie ! I was bent over laughing for the duration of it . A truly must see , it 's just funny and light and exactly what I needed .
 I bought this for my mom . I Love this movie and have it myself and even have tattoos that represent this movie - was such a great price I had to buy it for my mom so she could enjoy it
 Dude ! It 's like , we 've all been in a situation where we wake in the morning and think , `` what did we DO last night ?! '' Except the answer is n't usually take stolen money from a transsexual stripper , lose our cars and become lost in the middle of an inter galactic battle where we can save the earth ! But for Jesse and Chester , the stars of this movie , all this and more is part of their Lost Day . Sure the critics panned it , but does a movie like this really need critical acclaim ?! It 's not about being smart , original or groundbreaking , its about ... having everyone you know -LRB- and everyone you do n't ! -RRB- tell you , `` man you were wasted last night ! '' Everyone i have shown this movie to has fallen in love with it , it could well be the funniest movie i have seen in god knows how long . I recommend it to everyone with a sense of humor of any sort - trust me you 'll love it !! My only complaint is that i 've uttered the words dude and sweet constantly since i seen it , but what the hell its a small price to pay . I love this movie !! SHIBBY !!!
 RELAX people , it was n't meant to be Dr. Stangelove , it 's meant to be lowbrow stupid humor , what makes this movie funny is that it 's so stupid it 's actually a pretty smart creative little movie . Space Nerd 's , Gender Challenged Strippers , Super Hot Alien Chicks,Nerd-Bashing Jocks , Homo Erotic Aliens , Cheerleading Girlfriends , LLamas . All wind together to make a pretty funny movie . '' they 're not bubble suits , they 're intergalatic jump suits '' sorry uptight boy 's and girls not only funny but a pretty creative as well , as is the whole movie
 There are n't that many good teen movies out there anymore . Movies like `` She 's All That '' and `` Bring It On '' are not funny , and are successful because of the teeny bopper crowd who would see `` Battlefield Earth '' if Freddy Prinze Jr. was in it . Among all this crap , is the two best teen comedies of this decade . `` Dude , Where 's my Car '' and `` 10 things I Hate About you '' . This movie is the pot comedy without the pot . It is a little `` Star Wars '' , `` Who Am I '' and a lot of `` Half Baked '' . It tells the story of two `` shibby '' - loving dorks , Jesse -LRB- Ashton Kutcher -RRB- and Chester -LRB- The funny-as-hell Seann William Scott -RRB- , trying to find out the location of their car , where they put the gifts they bought their girlfriends , and why the hell they have a lifetime supply of pudding in the fridge . Along the way , the meet an ostrich-loving frenchie -LRB- Brent Spiner -RRB- , alien worshipers -LRB- led by `` Queer as Folk `` s Hal Sparks -RRB- , and a mercedes owning playboy -LRB- Fabio -RRB- . This movie does the job of spoofing bullies and snobby girlfriends in Teens -LRB- `` You guys are sucky boyfriends ! -RRB- , creating a catchy phrase -LRB- Shibby ! -RRB- , and casting the most believable best friends since Bill and Ted . I know , this is from someone who would prefer Mallrats from Gladiator any day , but I love this movie with all my heart . In conclusion , a man who loves Cheech and Chong , `` Spaceballs '' , and `` Meet The Parents '' , should see this movie faster than you can say '' ... and then ? ''
 Before I had seen this I was warned not to waste my time . I was told over and over , which is why I watched it and expected very little . That may be the reason it exceeded my expectations . I found the film very humerous and fun . Not a masterpiece , but for the type of film it was , it was really good . The story was consistent and at some times really stupid , but overall I think it was enjoyable . My favorite people in the movie were the bubble wrapped Zoltan cult . They make Trekkies look hip ! Anyway I recommend renting over buying . Enjoy !
 There 's not much I can really say about this flick . I wanted a dumb time filler and that 's what I got . When I call `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' dumb I 'm not using it in the perjorative sense . There are times that you need mindless entertainment , a flick like `` Beerfest '' comes to mind , and this fills the bill . Ashton Kutcher and Seann William Scott are the perfect guides into the world of stoopidity . These guys are dumb as foxes . They know that appearing dumb and stoned and actually being in that state are two different things . Perfect guy flick . Goes well with some cold ones , nachos , and wings .
 This movie is so stupid that it is funny . It is like the original bad cheep version of The Hangover . Do n't expect an Oscar winner when you watch it but if you need a mindless movie to make you laugh , this will do it for you .
 The Blu-Ray quality of image and sound is pristine and stunning . The movie is the very definition of `` hilarious '' .
 The best movie EVER ! It was very funny and I watch it all the time . The best word to describe it
 I thought this movie was comedic genius . Maybe the funniest movie I 've ever seen .
 I ca n't give it a lower rating because Ashton Kutcher was in it , if he was n't , it would get an easy 1 . Up to the beginning , it 's possibly one of the best movies around , but it all goes downhill after they introduce all the `` Space Nerds '' crap . I thought that that part was just a dream because they were so ` wasted ' , but apparently not . The movie went from teen cool comedy to stupid sci-fi in 2 seconds . What a waste of movie . Why did they have to do that ? Why ? Why ? Why?I would watch it just for the heck of it . And if you want to feel good about it , a better idea is to watch half of it and then return it .
 this movie is obiviously a very educational film . i showed it to my -LRB- ... -RRB- class . i beleive it is a good view on cooperate america . it also shows the war on drugs , and theh struggles with the economy and still manages to drive in the laughs . MY VIEW-ROCKS THE HIZOUSE
 `` Dude Where 's My Car ? '' stars Jessie -LRB- Ashton Kutcher -RRB- and Chester -LRB- Sean William Scott -RRB- a couple of dimwitted dudes who are trying to find their car . In this scavenger hunt for clues to find out where their car is Jesse and Chester get in and out of some funny binds . They find themselves encountering bubble wrapped freaks , a transvestite , two foriegn guys , oestrichs with a French ecentric owner , one total stoner dude , a chinese order taker , their girlfriends , a shibby girl with her bully of a boyfriend , and one hot alien.The jokes are as dimwitted as they are , but you 'll find yourself laughing at them . A little slapstick comedy with a pinch of spoof creates a great flick . The movie has a great flow and keeps you interested in what will happen next to these two lovable guys.Kutcher and Scott work very well together . They really make the characters come alive and give us a hearty laugh when we really need it.You 'll be able to watch this with your teens and not feel bad about it . This movie is rated PG-13 because of the sexual and drug related humor . So if these traits concern you watch it first laugh a lot and then let your kids watch it!Shibby !
 I thought this movie was hillarious ! My friend and i were watching it at her house and we could not stop laughing , especially about the llamas ! I 've heard people criticize it saying `` Do n't bother , its a stupid movie '' or `` It 's dumb '' , but isnt that what makes every movie funny ? Especially this one ! I think the actors/ess 's did a great job of playing the parts and i thought it was hilarious ! Some people out there need a better sense of humor ! Those people out there critiquing it neg . are prob the people that laugh at stock market jokes ! This movie is great for any teen with a sense of humor !
 I AM A BUSY EXECUTIVE AND SOMETIMES WOULD LIKE TO JUST BE `` ENTERTAINED '' BY A MOVIE . I NEEDED TO FIND A MOVIE THAT I COULD WATCH WITH MY 4 CHILDREN OF VARIED AGES . I CHOSE TO PURCHASE THE DVD WITH MEASURED SKEPTICISM . I WAS PREPARED FOR A DUD AND WAS QUITE SURPRISED THAT THE MOVIE WAS HILARIOUSLY ENTERTAINING . I THOUGHT THE MOVIE 'S TWO MAIN CHARACTERS WOULD BE UNTOLERABLY STUPID , BUT WERE JUST A COUPLE OF STONERS . THIS MOVIE WAS SO FUNNY THAT WE WENT OVER OUR FAVORITE SCENES -LRB- DVD VERSION -RRB- SEVERAL TIMES JUST TO KEEP LAUGHING . THIS WAS A LITTLE LIKE CHEECH AND CHONG , BUT THE ONLY CHARACTER SMOKING POT WAS THE DOG .
 I think that the movie was great . It was very funny . I would have to reccommend that everyone see this . The movie is so ridiculous that it is funny . Seann William Scott and Ashton Kutcher gave a wonderful performance . There is also something in that movie that some of you might want to see . Well , lets just say Seann and Ashton had to do something that made them seem REALLY close ... if you know what I mean . In other words , they had to kiss ! Once again , you have to see this movie ! It 's the best !
 This movie is one of the shibbiest movies ever made . I recommend this movie to anyone who actually understands what I just said . Sweet !
 Ashton and Sean make a hott couple on that show !!! there soooo hott !!!!! get this movie !! its funny ! In my opinion it reminds me of dum and dummer , and bill and ted 's excellent edventure!Get it !!
 DUDE ! this movie was AWESOME ! it was wicked funny but hard to describe . it was full of surprise and it was cool . u have to pay attention and follow along . U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE !!! only one more thing to say ... SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !
 what a hot film . so intelligent , so provocative . buy it . now .
 In the tradition of Gone With the Wind , Birth of A Nation , and Citizen Kane comes a sweeping screen epic bursting with spectacle and drama ... Which this movie has NOTHIN to with . . :D so go ahead and rent it . I swear i laughed so hard watching this and belive me i DO try too stay away from movies like this but i dont care anymore ! Dude is a totally awsome movie !! First our stoner dudes wake up one moring looking as stoned as a dunk monkey to find there car is missing ! So basically they go on a long enduring journey too find it and on the way they get stalked by a transvestite , nearly get killed by killer ortrichs , watch they 're favorite channel Animal Planet -LRB- really -RRB- get locked in a cage , kidnapped by computer nerds , almost eaten alive by a giant 40 foot super babe , and save the world from an evil machine that could blow up the world ! but do they ever find their beloved car ?? You 'll just have too watch and see !
 This is n't lame comedy like `` Saving Silverman '' or `` Billy Madison '' . This is REAL comedy , the kind that takes the insanity meter beyond the top and leaves you rolling on the floor , your sides splitting open -LRB- ala Scary Movie and all Leslie Neilson movies , IF you have the ability of not taking everything seriously , that is -RRB- . Although it 's not nearly as insane as Scary Movie -LRB- FUNNIEST MOVIE EVER !!! -RRB- , it 's so ridiculous that it 's one of the biggest gut busters you could watch . Ashton Kutcher -LRB- Jesse -RRB- and Seann Williams Scott -LRB- Chester -RRB- star as a couple of stoners who ca n't remember A SINGLE THING that happened the night before -LRB- starting with a rock song that sings , `` We 're locked up , ... up , dead from the neck up '' -RRB- thanks to their amnesia . Next , they get a phone call from their girlfriends , `` The Twins '' , telling them that today 's their anniversery . The boys do n't wan na lose their girlfriends , so they get out of the house , ready for action . The next line you hear is something that you 've already read -LRB- hint
 This is a very funny movie . Kutcher and Scott are a great team for this kind of movie . I recommend getting it on DVD !
 In one word this movie is Sweeeeeeet . All these other people give it one star and say it was n't worth it . Well the first time I heard of it I thought it seemed stupid , but when my friend and I watched it I changed my mind . In this movie Jesse -LRB- Ashton Kutcher -RRB- and Chester -LRB- Seann William Scott -RRB- encounter ostriches , space babes , gay nordec dudes , and bubble wrap wearing space nerds . They all want the Continuim Transfunctioner . Dude Where 's my Car ? is worth your money so buy it !!
 This is a funny movie . It is in fact the 2nd best movie of all time.Lots of people give it one star and say that it -LSB- stinks -RSB- . They say it is not funny . Do you know this kind of person , that walks around and bothers you during the day , informing you that various things are not funny ? well if you are n't one of those people then you will love this movie . `` sweet '' !
 I just watched this movie the other day and I have to say it is one of the funniest I have ever seen . Everytime I watch it there are some parts that make me laugh so hard I practically fall off of my chair . People say how it has no plot or story or any of the things that movie reviewers look for . It is simply a comedy , and a very funny one at that .
 Alright , if you saw this movie and did not laugh . You MUST be shot . I didnt stop laugh at this movie . This movie has to remind you of what you were like in either High school or college . I mean come on dude . There must have been a part of this movie made you just fall out of your seat . Anyways , this movie rocks ! If you think other wise . Dude Where 's your sense of humor ?
 I try not to think too much when watching certain movies & this is one of them ! Its just fun , funny and silly . It makes fun of itself and I find it entertaining . If you like Dumb & Dumber you will like this movie
 The movie is awesome , if you are looking for a feel good laugh movie , this is it . They should make a second only if both main characters stay the same .
 I love it its increadibly funny . It really is a movie to have just for a good time . Its fun for the entire family , its hours of laughter .
 This arrived in excellent condition and is a really fun movie that makes you chuckle and is packed with some enjoyable humor .
 This is one of the greatest movies of all times . Its really funny and excellent . I belive its one of the beat things that ashton kutcher has ever been in .
 Ashton Kutcher is tops in Dude , Where 's My Car ? The movie is a laugh riot , although the Sweet/Dude scene was a bit long . Otherwise , it is a classic screwball comedy with good characters , good writing and great pacing .
 it was as desceibed . i have nothing else to say , this is very annoying to write this much about the quality of a product , stop it .
 This movie is totally hilarious ! It may be one heck of a movie , but I could easily compare it to classics such as Gone with The Wind . Seann William Scott is a genius ! Everybody I know who 's seen it gets a ton of laughs out of it . If you like movies such as Strange Brew , Bill & Teds Bogus Adventure , Scary Movie , and Half-Baked then this be da movie for ya 'll !!!!!!!!!!!
 this movie was so funny i watch it at least once a week.its so damn funny.i know its umb but its great.worth every penny !
 This is a fun movie ! Yes , there are a couple of spots where you might think it is over the top ... but it has more than enough funnies to make it a worthwhile purchase . I especially like the drive-through chinese resturant part :-RRB- -LRB- see my title for this review ! -RRB-
 This movie is awesome ! It got horrible reviews becuase high and mighty movie critics do n't know how to have a laugh . If you are n't like them and love to have a good time , watch this movie ! I saw it for the first time last night and watched it twice more the same night with my friend ! It 's the new Dumb and Dumber , only better . I recommend this movie to all people with a love for humor ! You will love it !
 omg , this is my favorite movie ! OK , It 's starring Ashton Kutcher and Seann William Scott , need I say more ? The movie is soo stupid that its hilarious ! I absolutely love it . I 've seen it zillions of times and it gets funnier every time ! I practically know all the words . Some scenes you just got ta know the words ... . I 'm sure everyone does . I think everyone can agree that this duet was perfect for this movie . The characters , Jesse and Chester are soo funny and such idiots that they make you laugh your heads off . I also love how there are cameos of familiar faces of the shows I watched when I was younger ! Everyone NEEDS to see this movie , I gurantee its good for a lotta laughz !
 Trust me -- my taste in films usually runs along the lines of `` The Silence Of The Lambs '' and `` Dead Poets Society '' , but I absolutely loved this one . Every other dumb comedy that I have ever seen has become one of my most hated films , but that 's probably because they were , in some way , smug about their stupidity . There 's nothing even remotely smug about `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' -- no one would be fooled . However , it is clever in its own unique way . Notice how everything ties together so cleanly in the end . `` And then ? `` And then , pay attention to the highly quotable dialogue , on par with any Bill Murray or Steve Martin film . `` And then ? `` And then , keep an eye peeled for classic sequences like the Chinese Foooood drive-thru quarrel and the duel with Fabio . `` And then ? `` Uh , that 's about it . For lowbrow comedy , this one delivers to even one 's highbrow side . You wo n't be demeaning yourself at all by being entertained by this one . `` And then ? `` No `` and then '' ! `` And then ? `` No `` and then '' !
 I have been locked in a world of ` film ' for many years . Polanski , Hitchcock , Bergman , Kubrick , Antonioni . They have all been my heroes for more than ten years and I love all those auteurs . I always avoided movies like DUDE because I thought I was above them . I have had a BIG life change over the last three years and seeing DUDE for the great film it is -LRB- it celebrates life and allows you to smile , if you 'll let it ! -RRB- was very important to me . It is reviewed too seriously by many . It was no difficult task for me to enjoy this ` film . ' And allowing myself to do that is the secret to life for this lover of auteur cinema . This movie rocks !
 I rented this movie with few , if any , expectations . It 's actually pretty funny , and my only analog is Ace Ventura
 I decided to watch this movie because I just expected to watch a dumb funny movie . I was pleasently surprised that it is better than I though . I actually would rate it 3 and a half but they do n't have that option . The subplot of the movie may be bizarre but was originally and added to the film . People who rated it bad do n't really make sense because if you were watching it you 're not watching it for a great storyline , camera angles or anything like that . It 's clearly a goofy fun film . Sometimes you just need to watch films like this .
 This is a great movie , certainly one of the best I have ever seen . I think this movie was definantly deserving of at least a nomination for a best screenplay Oscar considering all the great scenes , like the one at the drive thru , and the scene with the blind kid . `` We 're not dudes , we 're hot chicks . '' - I laughed so hard at that line . If you are some old loser who drives a BMW or something then do n't buy this movie , I 'm sure you wo n't like it . But if you have half a brain then I 'm sure you 'll enjoy this .
 If you hated Bill & Ted , then you 'll hate this even more.You 'll either love it , or hate it . There 's no middle ground.The bottom line is that if a movie called , `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? `` sounds moronic , sophomoric , and pathetic to you , thenthat 's what you 'll think of the movie as well . You do n't need toread reviews . Follow your gut instinct . Sophisticatesshould check out Kenneth Branaugh 's `` Hamlet `` instead . -LRB- It 's the best Hamlet ever made . -RRB- But if you enjoy pop culture spoofs that parodyfools , while making them beloved -LRB- in the tradition of `` Romy & Michelle 's High School Reunion , '' `` Bill & Ted 's Excellent Adventure , '' and `` Dumb & Dumber '' -RRB- then this is right up your alley . The fact that it is so stupidis precisely what makes it so funny . It was much funnierthan I expected . All the characters are two dimensional , and the plot is not a plot , so much as the confusedmeanderings and bizarre adventures of two stoners ... . It was just the mindless , silly , hilarious fluff we needed to smile , laugh , andget our endorphins back on track . If you like this , `` Evening at the Roxbury '' is also pretty funny . `` Oh Brother , Where Art Though ? '' and `` State & Main `` are more sophisticated comedies to lighten the moodduring this difficult time . Those two are both hilarious .
 From the beginning you could tell this movie was odd . After two stoners , Jesse and Chester , awake after a wild night of partying to find their car missing they embark on an adventure to find it . But as the adventure progresses they learn that they 've done a little more then lose their car and destroy their twin girlfriends house . Aliens , strippers , and killer ostriches await them . Sound absurd ? It is . But I think there is no such thing as a serious comedy as long as it does n't careen off the edge of reality like the ... Bill & Ted movie . I think anything that even resembles a brainless teen movie is written off , but this is in no way a teen movie . I think if you watch a comedy your just supposed to laugh and have fun with it . Watch Dr. Strangelove if you want a serious comedy . Serious comedy ... The idea itself of something serious that makes you laugh does not exist . And as cheery and dumb as it is it still remains entertaining because it 's just so funny . Watching two happy-go-lucky stoners run around discovering more and more what kind of strange night they had is absurd ... But it 's jokes are very well paced and clever , somewhat like Airplane . And I do n't see anybody running down Airplane .
 Dude this movie deserves an oscar ! it 's sweet , none stop laughs . every body needs to buy this or at least see it . I saw it in the movies 3 times , now i own it and watch it almost everyday . Shibby im out
 this dvd is `` stomach hurting funny '' - a cross between `` beevis and butthead '' and the `` three stooges '' . i highly recommend it for those who like side splitting laughter throughout a comedy .
 this dvd is `` stomach hurting funny '' - a cross between `` beevis and butthead '' and the `` three stooges '' . i highly recommend it for those who like side splitting laughter throughout a comedy .
 dude , Where 's my car is a comedy about two young adults who cant remember anything from the night before . They Have to Find there car so they can bring there girlfriends their anniversary presents , give a suitcase of money to a man who looks like a women and all in all they fnd there car , give the presents , and the money , and save the universe . It is A smoking dog , Stupididy , Killer ostriches , and kinda of -LRB- well not really -RRB- a love story , all mixed up into one big laugh .
 I do not have this Movie yet ! I want to get it as soon as i get some money !! I did rent the DVD from Blockbuster ! It was awsome !! All my friends thought it was funny too . The commentary by the directer , Ashton , and Seann was good . It was as funny as the actual movie . They tell all about the movie and how it was made ! A Must Have
 This has got to be the funniest movie I 've ever seen . Yes , I get all of the jokes in more traditional funny movies like Happy Gilmore and such , but this movie is just too funny . From Jesse punching a speaker box at a restaurant 's drive thru , to the alien geeks worshiping Zultan , this movie will keep you laughing . The plot is pretty bad with two stoners named Jesse and Chester waking up unable to recall their wareabouts the night before due to how wasted they got at a party . They soon learn they accepted stolen money from a transexual stripper , bought two suits , cell phones , trashed their girlfriend 's a sweet car , got tatoos , got a lifetime supply of pudding , lost their car and did n't deliver 30 pizzas that they were supposed to , and oh yeah , they were in possession of the continum transfunctioner that all of these alien geeks are after . Their girlfriends are also mad at them because they lost their gifts for their 1 year anniversary of going out together . Throughout the day , they uncover clues about what they did the night before while being questioned by several aliens about the continum transfunctioner . Some of the hot aliens offer them pleasure for it . They must find their car and find the continum transfunctioner to please everyone . Once again from the stoners ' vocabulary -LRB- shibby , dude and sweet -RRB- , and their friend who reconstructs all of his sentences -LRB- see the title -RRB- this movie is HILARIOUS !
 The first time I saw this movie , it did n't really impress me much . The next day I started thinking about it , and the day after I wanted to watch it again . After the second viewing I decided to buy it . This is a strange storyline but as long as you do n't expect an intellectual script , it 's really enjoyable and the more you see it the more memorable it becomes .
 Sometimes , you just need a totally stupid movie , a movie that does n't aspire to be anything more than it is , to make your day . Dude , this is one of those films . In fact , this and `` Road Trip '' are two of the films I 've enjoyed most lately , because they 're so on-the-surface . You do n't have to sit and think about subtext ; you do n't have to worry about the social dilemmas we 've all faced since September 11 ; you do n't have to worry about amything more than what these two idiots did the night before , leading to the loss of their car . The film actually plays a little like `` It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World , '' in that it expands beyond the search for the car , but to the added search of a `` continuum transponderer '' and introduces more characters in that quest . It 's an enjoyable peace of fluff . It is well-made , with a script that flows , and the two main characters are played as sympathetic idiots . The direction is such that it alerts you to the fact that the film is n't taking itself so seriously , so neither should you .
 There were so many parts to this movie that I could have lived without , but I did buy the DVD so I could skip around easily . I agree with the people who thought it was stupid , somewhat , but still I liked it . I think a bad review means that it was taken too seriously . The director is mindless , I actually listened to the commentary with the director and actors on the DVD . It 's so stupid that I can not dislike it . If you 're depressed like myself , or in poor health , or any other similar situation , the movie wont necessarily uplift you , but you would n't mind it in the least ... because you do n't have to take it seriously whatsoever . The boys make a good-looking pair , too . Not at all the type of movie I 'd usually watch , but still . . I like it .
 Filled to the brim with silly laughs , Dude Where 's My Car is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . If you are really enjoying the ganja , turn on this movie to take advantage of your state of mind . I recommend this movie to anyone needing a few million laughs . The flow is impeccable , and each scene is a work of art !
 Ashton Kutcher and Kristy Swanson are hot , they both have great bodies . Seann William Scott is hilarious in his role as `` Chester '' -LRB- I now think he is hot since being shirtless on the cover of `` Teen People '' the broken heart tatoo fake was great and shirtless in `` The Rundown '' it looks like he has lost weight and worked out since Dude , Where 's My Car ? -RRB- , look for Jennifer Garner and Marla Sokolof too . This movie is one of the funniest movies I have seen in years . This movie is a no-brainer so do n't think too much , just sit back and enjoy the show . A movie for us boys who like to see hot chicks .
 I really enjoyed this one . It does get a little bit long and slow , esp at the part when the Sci Fi kids kidnap our heros , and hold them for some kind of ransom . But it holds its own , and has several parts where its just halarious.I give it four stars . Great extra features . I loved the commentary .
 this film is the greatness of stupidity . its so silly its hilarious . ashton and sean are fantastic as the lead characters . the are so silly they fit the bill perfectly . the space geeks , amazon women and the jocks all chasing them are well cast aswell . if youve had a bad day this is the perfect pick me up movie . always makes you smile no matter how many times you watch it
 The reason this film gets five stars even though it 's not a great movie is because it gives almost exactly what you expect from the title and it fulfills most of its ' plot ` mysteries ' by the end which is an accomplishment for a movie with the disposition that this one has . Here is a movie so relaxed and filled with under the radar intellect that you just have to sit back and appreciate that someone could come up with such a lame brained idea , inject so much energy , and throw in some simple plot twists . Most mainstream films do n't do that these days , you see the trailer and you know a certain person is going to be in it so you expect to laugh and most people follow along just to feel like they did n't waste their time . In this case I think it delivers , it does n't deliver brilliantly , but you should n't expect brilliance from a film with the title ` Dude , Where 's My Car . ' Other titles that should indicate that what you 're watching is n't going to be brilliant
 Okay , come on guys . This is basically a movie that 's not to be taken seriously ... in fact , it 's impossible . Ashton Kutcher and Seann William Scott put on their funny faces and make this movie an hour and a half of pure fun . You have to sit down to this movie with an open mind , and you have to be prepared for ridiculousness , but the movie itself does n't dissapoint . From the famous `` car/kiss scene '' to the also famous `` fire extinguisher '' and `` And then ? '' scene , this movie delivers joke after joke , some better than others , but overall it 's just a hilarious pairing of two great actors making fools of them selves . It 's the best way to lighten your day , dude ! It 's sweeeet !
 Possibly the greatest film of all time . Buy 12 copies incase you lose one.Even Burger King Supervisor , Justin -LRB- The Sound Fan -RRB- Olson loved it .
 Dude , Where 's My Car has got to be one of the most absurd movies I have ever seen . It 's right up there with Saving Silverman . Any critic looks at a film as this and thinks
 This is my favourite movie ever , it is just so funny and no one can deny this . The actors are great in their parts . All of my friends think its the best also .
 Ok , let 's get this straight . Dude , Where 's My Car ? is n't shooting for the Academy 's appreciation . Other than Battlefield Earth , Dude , Where 's My Car ? was the most scoffed film of 2000 . Is it stupid ? Yes . Is it intentional ? Absolutely.Seann William Scott brings his bright boy persona along with edgy Ashton Kutcher into the premiss of two very confused individuals who can not recall where they misplaced their vehicle . After one finally realizes the plot , you too , can comprehend the oft-misunderstood title and how it relates to the plot.All joking aside , the movie moves at a quick pace and has absolutely the funniest supporting cast . Kutcher and Scott are terrific , but the random encounters with other characters are unforgettable . Hal Sparks as a charismatic cult leader is especially funny , as well as his swooning members . There are truly too many to list.I think the definitive moment of Dude , Where 's My Car ? is the Chinese drive-thru scene . For the unlearned , they drive up and order , only to be answered with `` And Then ! '' . Kutcher offers many suggestions , only to be given `` And Then ! '' It 's wonderfully repetitive , long , annoying which just gives the scene its hilarity . Also , you can immediately determine in a crowd of several of whom have seen the epic Dude , Where 's My Car ? by only blurting out loud `` AND THEN ! '' Immediately those who are in your inner circle of friends will burst into laughter and the rest will be quite puzzled . Do n't be left out . When your friends are quoting this movie like Billy Madison , you better be well versed on Dude , Where 's My Car ?
 Dude , what was I thinking ? I totally went against my own personal policy to avoid Ashton Kutcher in all forms . That 's bad - but it gets worse . I thought this movie was funny . I actually enjoyed watched this ode to stupidity . Make no mistake about it - Dude , Where 's My Car ? is as stupid a movie as you could ever dream of . If it 's stupid , and someone -LRB- probably a stoner -RRB- has thought of it , it 's in this movie.Here 's the rundown . Jesse -LRB- Ashton Kutcher -RRB- and Chester -LRB- Seann William Scott -RRB- , two total losers , wake up one morning without any memories of what they did the night before . Obviously , they were wasted - but what else is new ? As the day progresses , they discover more and more clues about their wild doings the night before
 Granted , this movie is dumb . And at first glace , it makes no sense . But that 's the whole beauty of it . No one said this movie was , um ... thought provoking?Jesse -LRB- Ashton Kutcher -RRB- and Chester -LRB- Seann William Scott -RRB- , are two dudes with quite a vocabilary -LRB- sweet , shibby , and dude -RRB- . Waking up one moring , they realize they do n't remember what happened the night before , but it seems as though they got quite wasted ! There 's a lifetime supply of pudding in their kitchen , they have tatoos , a stripper -LRB- and do n't ask if it 's male or female - hard to tell ! -RRB- gave them a suitcase full of money , and their girlfriends -LRB- `` the twins '' - Jennifer Garner and Marla Sokoloff -RRB- are pissed at them because they ruined their house and forgot their anniverary . No problem , right ? After all , Jesse and Chester got them gifts . They 'll just go to Jesse 's car and get them . But whoops - where 's the car , dude?From then on , Jesse and Chester go on a wild chase after their car , a bunch of space dorks say they have to get the tran -- -LRB- `` how can we find it if we ca n't pronoce it ?! '' -RRB- , a bunch of `` hot chicks '' , running away from lama 's -LRB- or are they ? -RRB- , a chinese food take-out troubles ... . wow , this movie is f-u-n-n-y ! Is n't it?The cast is great - Hal Sparks as Zoltan , Jennifer Garner and Marla Sokoloff as the twins , and Seann William Scott and Ashton Kutcher as Jesse and Chester . The movie also has some great tunes.See this movie if you really want to laugh . See this movie at a party . See this movie with your friends . See this movie if you have a dumb sense of humor -LRB- like me -RRB- . Just see it !
 On first viewing of this movie , I was hit w / the remarkable blandness of alot of the jokes . It was funny , but it seemed like alot of what I saw was either revisited and rehashed humor , so I left the theater mostly dissatisfied , confused , but all in all ` eh , i did n't expect much , and i laughed a couple of times ' sortof mood.However , there 's something about the film that the more times I watch , the more I find myself laughing at it , the jokes so ridiculously stupid and forgettable , that I 've exactly done that , forgotten them , and a peculiar sense of laughing at something entirely new , yet revisiting an old friend , deja-vu experience happens.Its quite forgettable , yet therein lies its charm , for how many great films can you watch over and over again , yet w / each viewing , learning the lines by heart you lose the initial impact after each succesive watching.Shimmy becomes an old forgotten friend , that we vaguely remember , but its still nice to visit again . Nostalgia and stupidity all wrapped together in one.I think the actors also pull it off , the remarkably -LSB- slow -RSB- dialoge was written exactly that , -LSB- slow -RSB- , but done so in a innocent and naive manner.The characters/heros are anti-heros w/out the bitterness or moral uncertainty that most stories of our day and age present . No , you get no cynicism or failing of our human nature , no brooding negativety , or triumphing over the darkness.You have two naive innocents , who jovially bumble thier way through the movie , and its this light-hearted tone of the writing that also welcome repeated viewings . Like old friends , whom you visit , knowing though the conversation will be insipid , will most likely inspire laughter , and someone being dunked into the pool.stupidity ? yes . bad writing ? I do n't think so . If you give the film a chance , and watch it for exactly what it is , it may make you laugh and smile as much as it sets out to . and you may find yourself , like me , revisiting it from time to time , and discovering its hidden charm , and unappreciated brillaince .
 I loved this movie . I can remember seeing the previews at the theatre and telling myself I had to go see it . I did see it at the theatre ... twice . I laughed the entire time . I now of course own the DVD and have seen it an additional 4 or 5 times . I think Seann William Scott -LRB- Chester -RRB- and Ashton Kutcher -LRB- Jesse -RRB- make a terrific duo - somewhat like Bill and Ted ... who were great as well . Chester and Jesse play off of each other well , which makes the movie work . The entire movie is absolutely nonsensical , which is what makes it fun . For those of you who have n't seen the movie -LRB- and you should -RRB- I wo n't ruin the fun of the movie by revealing too many details . It 's about two stoners -LRB- Jesse and Chester -RRB- who wake up one morning not knowing what happened the night before and Jesse ca n't find his car , thus setting them out on an unexpected journey to locate the car and quite possibly discovering just what happened the night before . It 's an absurd adventure where bizarre characters abound and Jesse and Chester discover more than what they bargained for and realize maybe they need to cut down on the shibbying ! I recommend this movie just to have some great fun !!
 With minimalist setup , deft wordplay , and characterization that is brilliant in its reserved subtlety , this film is hauntingly reminiscient of the greatest works of existential literature of the past hundred years . Jesse and Chester demonstrate their astounding mastery of the craft as they assume -LRB- nay , become -RRB- , what can only be described as the Vladimir and Estragon of the stoner-flick genre , simultaneously lost in their own struggles with self while bravely overcoming the conflicts thrust upon them by an uncaring world . In an overt homage to Franz Kafka 's seminal novel , `` The Metamorphosis , '' the two awake to find that they have been cheated of the ego , and , much like Gregor and Samson , are left without transportation in our modern dystopia where a car is so direly neccessary to the realization of the Freudian being . The quest that follows can be compared to `` Waiting for Godot '' , only without the waiting , as the frantic and sometimes near incomprehesible pace of the film is set in play to satirize our own neomodern , hyperindustrial lives where one can not pause , even for a moment , to enjoy the scenery , or , in this case , the `` Shibby . '' It 's understandable that the screenwriter had to invent the term for this masterpiece of cinema
 This movie made me laugh sooooo much . The only thing that I did not like was the ending , it kinda did n't make sense . But the actors are just naturally funny . Go watch this movie if you are ready for some laughs .
 Dude , I do n't know where to start this review . I guess there 's no better place than the begining . DUDE , WHERE 'S MY CAR ? is the kind of comedy that just beats its chest about how proud it is to be as devoid of intellect as it is . Well , sort of . You see dude , DUDE is simultaneously brillant and dumb.Allow me , to explain , dude . DUDE is full of fresh ideas and clever one-liners , but the premise is the kind of the thing that you think up while staring a blank piece of paper . Get it dude?Good , so here 's the `` plot '' : Two dudes named Jesse -LRB- Ashton Kutcher -RRB- and Chester -LRB- Seann William Scott -RRB- awaken one morning stricken with memory loss of the previous night 's events . The two dudes later discover that those evetns , which include a one-night stnad with a drag-queen , a trip to the bowling alley , and a truckload of pudding finding it 's way into there refrigerator , all somehow contributed to the disappearance of their car , which contains anniversary gifts to their girlfriends Wanda and Wilma , lamen referred to as `` The Twins '' . So dude , there 's the plot -LRB- by the way , do you mind if I call you dude , dude ? -RRB- The movie has a catapulte of laughter throw out at the audience every 15 seconds , more or less . As I said , the movie 's premise is so simple that only a simpleton could 've thought it up , but it is full of brainy jokes that come out of nowhere , like when Jesse and Chester get into a sticky situation at the car impound lot . Or when the imfamous `` continum transfuntioner '' enters the story . And please dude , be honest , you laughed at the scene when J+C discover their fluency in Japanese , did n't you?This is not the kind of movie that win academy awards , or gets prised by every critic this side of the mississippi . It 's just for your average joe , but I do think that is can be enjoyed by the most tenured med school grad as mush as fifteen year olds hoping to get `` pleasure '' from the `` hot chicks '' . J+C are like grown-up versions of Beavis an Butt-Head , never sure of what 's going on around and ironically always survivng situations through their own stupidity and obliviousness , dude.So in conclusions , Kutcher and Scott are excellent comedians , and wre the pefect choices to play J+C , dude . This movie was so funny , I 'm willing to bet that in a few years , DUDE , WHERE 'S OUR HOUSE will be making us all laugh histarically .
 I 'm a movie director myself and when I saw this movie I recognized imediately it was a mastepice and a must have DVD . The movie starts slow but past the first 30min it starts getting better and better ! I 'm giving it 5 stars and 2 thumbs up ! Simply one of the best teen movies out there ! - NETO
 A total teen movie . Everyone else will probibly walk out saying `` dude this sucks ! '' I liked it but I am a teen so what do expect the jokes were funny to me . I dont recamend it if you dont like stupid meaningless movies meaning this one . Wait for video if anything !
 Dude , Where 's My Car first struck me as a cheap ... movie that a couple of teenagers made in their spare time ; that was , of course , before I watched it ! Not only do Jesse and Chester make you laugh your toes off , but they also have a sweet , semi-innocent look about them . Dude , Where 's My Car is like a stoner version of Dumb and Dumber and is one movie that I 'm going to have to add to my collection !
 damn , this is a great movie even though it has no sense . it is so funny , you 'll wo n't stop laughing b-coz of every stupid thing they do . i went to see it with my dad and i thought that i made a stupid choice of seeing dude where 's my car ? and i also thought that my dad would n't like the movie b-coz it was a teen 's movie . but i found out i was wrong . my dad loved the movie and he separated the movie 2 days later after we saw the movie.he was thrilled with the movieand so was i. i personally recommend you the movie.SHIBBY !!!!!!!!!
 All I got ta say is that the first time I saw this movie I was heartbroken . My friends and I nicknamed the movie ` Dude , where 's my acting career ' . Then I saw it again , and I could n't stop laughing . I decided to watch it knowing that it was n't supposed to be a real movie . Just stupid people doing stupid things . Kinda like me ... And if you have any doubts about how great this movie is , the maybe try getting stoned and watching it . You 'll know what I 'm talking about . It actually makes sense if you try it that way ...
 DUDE , THIS WAS THE FUNNIEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN ! ITS LIKE BILL AND TED MEET DUMB AND DUMBER ! SHIBBY !
 I laughed so hard during this movie . The stupidity of the two main characters was very funny . Altohugh some of the goofs in the movie were predictable , it was funny none the less . Dont go into this movie expecting a huge winner , because it is not . I went in to it expecting the movie to be dumb and liked it becuase it was .
 Well , this is not the kind of `` smart funny '' that makes a billion dollars like `` Meet the Parents '' , this is more like a million and `` Major Payne '' . It stars Seann William Scott and Ashton Kucher , two of the brightest stars out there . The film is ify , it is stupid comedy that you can appreciate . The funniest scene did not even involve the stars , but with the dummy in the police station . I laughed the hardest at that scene . While other people may give this a 3 , I would give this a 5 because , even with its stupid and bad points , this gives a good effort that can make you appreciate it . The subplots are pretty funny , I loved the cult , they made the most likely best characters , Next to the Dummy of course.If you like stupid comedy , and half an hour to `` expand '' your mind , I would suggest this.Have a g -LRB- o -RRB- -LRB- o -RRB- d one!Ryan
 I Can tell you this Movie RocksSean William Scott was hillarious and he is so CUte!It was a funny non stopping laughIf you hate it as some people doI really do not understand why it was a great movieI suggest this movie to people from 10-20so young people who have a sense of HumourIt is Funny and Not serious it is my kinda movie!I say this movie is the best Trust me
 Its really a set of separate comic pieces woven around the theme of two clueless guys trying to find their car . Some of the humour is mindless , but most of the comedy is fresh with some truly bizarrely creative scenes - for example the justly famous Chinese take-out scene , and the spoof on Jurassic Park with ostriches playing the part of raptors - there are many others . Although there are a lot of bad reviews , I think its great that a film like this made it to the cinema , it redeems Hollywood for inflicting `` Titanic '' on us . If you 're really tired and worn out by the day 's work , I recommend this film to rejuvenate you . The two main lead stars do an excellent job , the whole film could have been a disaster had the delivery of the lines not been right . If I had to rate this film on a comedy scale - its somewhere between `` Dumb & Dumber '' and `` GroundHog Day '' . A worthy addition to the list of films giving us reasons to wake up each morning !
 This movie was sooo awesome ! I loved the part where the guys kissed ! I ordered this movie 3 times on ppv !! They need to make a Dude , Where 's My Car 2 !! It probably would n't be as good as the first one though ... but I would watch it !! The best part about the movie was `` The Kiss '' scene ... and Ashton was sooooo hot !! This movie was sooo funny ! If you have n't seen it you need to !!!
 OMG ~ I loved this movie ! Me and my friend could totally relate to it ! Everyone thought it was so stupid but we were like whoa we can relate you cant ! It was so funny ! Ashton and Seann were so funny in this movie and they played the part so well ! Me and my friend cant stop saying shibby ! haha ! Everyone should see this movie if they have n't already , and everyone who has should own it !
 OMG ~ I loved this movie ! Me and my friend could totally relate to it ! Everyone thought it was so stupid but we were like whoa we can relate you cant ! It was so funny ! Ashton and Seann were so funny in this movie and they played the part so well ! Me and my friend cant stop saying shibby ! haha ! Everyone should see this movie if they have n't already , and everyone who has should own it !
 Alright , it 's not cinematic art but it is funny not to mention cute . It 'll put you in a good mood , no doubt . Looking past the dumb jokes -LRB- that if you took seriously you would n't laugh at -RRB- , this movie is hilarious !! The substance of the jokes are not in the writing but the delivery . Hands down , a great movie . It may not be critically acclaimed , have a great plot , or change your life . But it 's worth buying and if it does n't make you laugh , you need to check your pulse ...
 Thought I would n't like this movie , but my boyfriend and I watched it one night `` Half Baked '' and it was the funniest thing ever . Highly reccomend it if you are in a stupid mood . WARNING
 Man , I just read a whole bunch of reveiws about this movie . I need to say ... YOU PEOPLE HAVE NO SENSE OF HUMOR ! This is an awesome movie!I thought people knew how to enjoy a no-brainer movie ! I was wrong.If you do n't like it , I feel sorry for YOU ! This is a great movie for people 12 and up.Its might not be something you watch in front of your parents -LRB- You know what I mean ;D -RRB- So yeah , thats all I have to say ... Go out and rent it ! It 's much better than Austin Powers or any other lame movie like that.Shibby!PS > If you want to give ME your comments , email me at:moxiegal444@yahoo.com
 On a Friday night b4 I turned 21 a few years when I just felt like staying at home I rented this DVD and found out it 's actually a funny flick . The plot revoles around two dudes trying to find their car and some other stuff . Seann William Scott steals the movie as always and he should have had top billing . Anyway just rent this flick and watch with the fellas and have some fun but be warned it 's very very stuipd .
 This is simply a fantastic comedy . Its brilliance is so well-disguised by an outlandish plot , that many people just do n't get it . If you ca n't pick up on the subtleties of this movie , you are simply missing the point . I 'll say this , you will either love this movie or hate it . I wo n't call those who hate it idiots , but I do shake my head at them .
 It 's a funny movie , somethings offcourse r to rediculous -LRB- do n't know how 2 write that -RRB- like the alien stuff , but other from that it 's funny , Sean William Scott is 2 funny , his head only makes me laugh -LRB- meant in the good way -RRB- . Smoke some stuff from Belgium and it 's all funny .
 i loved this movie because it 's cool . it 's also hilarious and a fun way to pass the time .
 `` Dude , Where 's my car `` USA -LRB- 1999 -RRB-
 Fun movie with pretty good DVD features , you can watch extended scenes and stuff . The movie is overall kinda dumb but its fun to watch ... got ta love it !
 Dude Where 's My Car is a pretty good `` dumb funny '' movie . It 's not as dumb funny as DUMB AND DUMBER or BASEKETBALL but for what it is , it 's makes you laugh . It stars American Pie 's Sean William Scott as Chester and That 70 's Show 's Ashton Kutcher as Jesse.Jesse and Chester are your typical dumb teenage , pizza delivery boys that after a night of serious partying , THEY CA N'T REMEMBER a thing . The next day they come to realize that it 's their anniversary with their girlfriends . When they try to go over and make good with their girlfriends , they realize that Jesse 's car is missing and inside were the gifts they got their girlfriends . Throughout their mission to find Jesse 's car , they come to find out that the night of their partying , the came into contact with 2 aliens that had a device that keeps the universe in harmony and it 's lost ! It 's up to Jesse and Chester t ofind the Continuam Transfunctioner , give it to the gurdians of the Transfunctioner and save the universe -LRB- and of course along the way , piece together their aweome night of partying ! -RRB- First off , you ca n't go into this movie with a whole lot of expectations . The story is just really silly and you 're not going to get an Oscar performance from this movie . You are however going to get a lot of laughs because that 's really what you 're getting for this one . And normally most comedies are straight forward but this one has little twists in the story here and there and that keeps some interest in it.I 'd recommend this one because it 's funny . Truthfully , it is funny but if you 're looking for drop down funny , there are better movies that you could go for . If you feel that you could n't get into this movie , you ca n't go wrong with the AMERICAN PIE series , ME MYSELF & IRENE or even any of the Kevin Smith films like MALLRATS or CLERKS -LRB- you chose to go with Kevin Smith , watch CLERKS first -RRB- . Enjoy and shibby !
 This film made me laugh . At times I laughed so hard I spit the beer I was -LSB- drinking -RSB- out ... :--RRB- It 's that kinda flick . It 's funny , then something even funnier happens that just busts you up ... hard . A story of two - not too bright - dudes that party way too hard the night before , go outside the morning after and ca n't find the car . They trace the clues to follow their steps back to the places they were at the previous evening -LRB- that they have no recollection of -RRB- and discover they must have had a pretty wild time - But still ca n't find the car . If you enjoyed the comedy Romy and Michele 's High School Reunion , then you will probably really enjoy this . Not for the high brow artsy types . This flick is for the kick back , turn off your brain and giggle and laugh goodtime crowd .
 This movie is sweet . I love it.Storyline 8 of 10 A couple of stoners trying to find there car that they lost after having the craziest night of there lives and not even remembering it.This is a good movie if you like stupid movies you will like this on Sean William scott was great and then there was that guy from that 70 's show that was okay .
 I Thought `` Dude Where 's My Car '' was a Great Movie . . I thought the Plot was geat as well !!! How Many times have you woken up Holding your head and thought , `` What Happened to Me Last Night ??? Where am I ??? Where 's My Car ? '' Well It Happens to thousands Of People everyday ! However They took a very comical and Extreme Senario Of the situation ! Like I said I Love The Movie !!
 This movie looked a little stupid in the previews but not as much as some other comidys and I never got a chance to see it in the theter so I wanted to rent it . And it was much funnier then I had expected and I really liked it . I say this is a must see .
 Put away your thinking cap . Grab a slurpy and snacks . This is 1.5 hours of mind-numbing no-brain-required comedy . I enjoyed it so much . Buying it ... not so sure . But definitely a great rental . However , Ashton Kutcher is beautiful and that alone is worth buying a copy .
 Look at the movie this way
 this movie riveled `` wayne 's world '' in greatness . it was funny , random , the main characters are hot as anything . the plot rocked because it was totally a joke and that 's the way it should be . i would n't pay 107 dollars for it , just because i do n't have that much money but when the price goes down i 'll be the first in line . `` dude , where 's my car '' is amazing and everyone should own it . SHIBBY !!
 This is the funniest movie on earth ! Anyone who likes Dumb & Dumber will love this !
 i love this move every fricken part of it is fricken SWEET DUDE !! I ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW WHAT A YEARS SUPPLY OF PUDDING LOOKED LIKE !!!!!
 We all need a pick-me-up sometimes . This movie is like that . `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' is the most ridiculous movie I 've ever seen . But that 's why it 's named `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' instead of , uh , `` A unique humble introspective into the lives of two dudes '' . What you see is what you get . Sweeeet!You need not think thoroughly as you watch , because the plot is simply laid out for you . The one-liners are redundant , and like everything else in this film , and hilarious when you account for the fact that Jesse and Chester are just happy stoners . This movie was in theaters when I was in high school . And it captures how small these self-absorbed stoners are in the perspective of the whole world , er , universe . Coooooool !! Dude , there 's no responsibility placed upon the viewer in order to figure out any complex plot . Just remember how some of your stoner peers acted in high school , and you 'll understand this movie ! Sweeeeeet!The soundtrack wraps itself around silly nonsense such as Jesse and Chester 's dialogue , Chester 's facial contortions , and The Twins acting like they still have faith in the guys ! Whoooooaaa!If you found any part of my review annoying , then you would take this movie too seriously , and therefore should n't buy it . But if you liked the lightheartedness , then enjoy!I give it 4 stars because this film knows what it is and does n't need to be sophisticated ! Do n't think too hard , just sit back and enjoy !
 Remember those old movies like Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure . Those were some good movies and this movie sorta brings back those old adventures with a new cast . Although this is n't any in way a sequel to Bill and Ted ... obvisouly . Two stoners need to get their car back that contains gifts for their girlfriends embark on a journey to find it by retracing their steps from last night . Only problem is ; they are stupid , they were wasted last night , and have constant people nagging their backs . They go through a lot to get their girlfriends back . The girlfriends are mad at them from trashing the place up and are convinced the two stoners do n't even remember that today is their anniversery . While searching for their car , They find out that a transexual stripper gave them 200,000 dollars that was stolen for them to hold on to , and she wants it back and they have no clue where it is . They are chased down by super geeks who want to know where a device that controls the fate of the universe is and they once again ... have no clue where it is and this time , how to even say it . It 's a fun movie and often has you laughing . If you liked any of those Bill and Ted movies or just like stoner movies than this good for you . I 'm sure you will like it . I sure did .
 This is a fun movie running a very slick 80 mineuts which I encourage any 12-20 year old boy -LRB- maybe girl -RRB- to watch and enjoy . The plot is that two pot head buddies , Jesse and Chester , wake up after a night of parting . Since they have absolutly no memory what so ever , they asum that they had a very good time . But soon they play back a angry message on their answering machine from their girlfriend , the twins , Wanda & Wilma , which makes them asum that they had a VERY good time . Jesse and Chester realise that to set things right they must get the anniversery gifts for the twins out of Jesses car , but but the car is gone . Now the two fiends are on a quest to find the car and get the twins back . But the quest grows and grows , they find themselves having to save the twins and their friend with a pot smoking dog , find thousends of stolen money for a gender confussed stripper , and save the universe from destrouction from a universal device that in the right hands will keep the universe safe , and in the wrong hands will destroy it ! Oh yeah there are also lots of little missadventures along the way too.This movie is really funny and you should see it , yes you , right now !
 this was fun . my sisters man bought it over and he said it was funny so i popped it in the vcr . this was ridiculous in a good way same as sugar and spice . i liked those hot alien chicks . this movie was funny and hip and cool . rent this instead of the make me wan na puke bring it on with kirsten dunst who is a hottie . well shibby im out dude .
 Before viewing this film , you must first be prepared that you are not going to see quality cinamatography , a thoughtful plot and deep characters . Oh no . There are two dumb guys -LRB- well , one of them watches Discovery Channel and Animal Planet -RRB- , a slightly older versions of Beavis and Butthead ; except that B&B live in a more sophisticated world.The plot is childish and jokes are on the simple side -LRB- in the first scene , there is a guy urinating into a flower pot ; it does not go downhill from there but fails to venture up either -RRB- . Why am I giving it four stars ? Because it is still enjoyable and very viewable . I watched it with my four-year-old daughter and we had a laugh ; she wanted me to repeat the episode with garbage sacks punctured and spraying brown liquid on walls and curtains ; I did not mind . If it had a thicker and smarter plot , it would be another `` Home Alone '' .
 LoL this movie is just hilarious ! I watched it 3 tymes in a row !! hahaha ... I mean you hafta love this movie ! The bois make out !! It is so awesome !! When do you ever see bois kiss in movies ??!! hahaha ... I love this movie so much .
 This is the best movie ever . I do n't think I stopped laughing throughout the entire thing . Despite what some people say , there is a plot , it just gets hard to follow sometimes . There are a cariety of charcters ranging from the transexual stripper they owe money to , to their friend with a pot smoking dog . It is a hilarious movie that anyone can enjoy .
 Okay first of all , the plot is VERY far fetched ... The acting is bad -LRB- but that suits the movie ! -RRB- It is a `` brainless comedy '' and is in absolutely NO WAY a serious movie ... . Watch it on one of those days when things seem silly . Basically , the movie is like many other `` 2 stupid guys '' movies , full of corny one liners and potty humour . Although its not as good as classics like `` Dumb & Dumber '' , `` Bill & Ted 's ... '' or `` Wayne 's World '' it is still a decent movie for laughs . But go with an open mind and do n't expect anything more than stupid plot and silly , over-the-top characters . The only complaint I have is that the BEST PARTS are on the deleted scenes !
 This movie is stupid and pointless . The characters have no depth what-so-ever , the plot is ridiculous , the jokes are absolutley the stupidest things you 've ever heard . But who really cares ? Instead of annalyzing ever detail of the movie , and actually trying to understand why watching people dressed in bubble wrap shout `` ZOLTAN ! '' is funny , just sit back and enjoy the movie . So what if it 's plotless ... ? For 90 minutes , forget that you a civilized person and sit back and relax - and enjoy watching a couple of potheads shout `` SWEET ! '' and `` DUDE ! '' at eachother 's backs for 90 minutes .
 Turn your brain off before putting it in the player , but if you like silly movies , you 're probably going to love this one . This is definitely one of those movies that , assuming you did n't hate it the first time , you can watch over and over again . Personally , I laughed myself sick . The first , second , third , and yes -- fourth time.The quality of the DVD itself is fine and the usually useless `` bonus features '' actually yielded a pretty funny commentary by the actors .
 Chester said it best `` SWEET '' . This movie has everything , a missing car , a briefcase full of money , a sheman stripper , a smoking dog , killer ostriches , cool tatoos , new cell phones , Andrew -LRB- the monkey -RRB- , hot alien chicks , Jeff -LRB- from zoltan 's cult -RRB- , uranus jokes , miniture golf , a rubix cube , and the continuum transfunctioner . If you put this all together and add a hole-lotta shibby you get the shibbiest movie ever , `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? ''
 No dude , it 's an ostrich . While this movie vears off into strange territory and may not be exactly what one would expect from the trailors , it definitely has some laugh-out-loud moments . I think you definitely need to be in the right age-group to enjoy this flick , it 's definitely not for anyone who 's mature or does n't remember having to struggle to find a car after a night out .
 The first time I watched this movie , I watched it three times the same day . Twice in a row , then later at night with my dad . Everyone who 's seen this movie has liked it -LRB- that I know -RRB- . Yes the humor is stupid , but if you ca n't laugh at stupid stuff then you 're full of yourself to the point of lunacy . If you can appreciate stupid humor every once in a while then you will NOT be disappointed .
 It had been a long been a long time since I watched this movie , and it 's still very funny and awesome to me . I forgot about a couple of things . Two stoners with hangovers named Jesse and Chester wake up and ca n't remember anything about what happened the previous night . They receive a phone call from their angry girlfriends on their anniversary and try to find the gifts that they had gotten them . When they realize it 's in a car that 's nowhere to be found . Throughout the day , they must deal with hot chicks , creepy space dorks , look for the Continuum Transfunctioner , find the money for a transsexual stripper and much more . I have just one question ; DUDE , WHERE 'S MY CAR ?!!!
 The fact that this movie is funny kind of scares me a bit . It 's one of those movies that is so awfully repetitive and ridiculously ludicrous and yet so over-the-top you ca n't help but fully immerse in its stupidity.It 's funny ; no ifs , ands or buts.The films plot if outrageous . Two stoner slacker kids named Jesse and Chester -LRB- I 've always liked that name for some reason -RRB- wake up totally oblivious to the events of the night before . When they walk outside to find Jesse 's car missing they set off on an adventure to find it , which leads them to aliens and ostriches -LRB- err , lamas -RRB- and gigantic chicks in bikinis.I ca n't believe I 'm giving this film a B - ! With one ridiculous scenario after another , ` Dude , Where 's My Car ? ' kind of solidifies itself as one of the dumbest movies I 've ever seen , but it 's no where near the worst because , in all of its preposterousness , it knows what it 's trying to do and it does it well . I 'm not really a fan of Ashton Kutcher or Seann William Scott -LRB- Scott was hilarious in ` Role Models ' , but I find his ` American Pie ' stint hugely overrated -RRB- but they sell the ` dumb good looking ' character very well here . The endless run on some of the gags can get a tad annoying -LRB- that whole tattoo scene may be the most quotable , but it is also the most obnoxious -RRB- but then again , at times the repetition is what makes it so funny -LRB- the Chinese drive thru scene gets me every time -RRB- . If you want smart and funny , get far away from this film ... but if you want just plain funny , pop this in an enjoy.And then ...
 This is one of those movies that pleasantly surprised me . I had low expectations , but in the end it ended up making me laugh a lot . No , it 's not high art . If you hate silly movies this movie wo n't convert you . But it 's good harmless fun that 's surprisingly quotable.I put this movie in the same category as Basketball
 Ashton Kutcher and Seann William Scott star in this hilarious comedy about two dimwitted and brainless young men who wake up one morning and ca n't find their car . They then go on an adventure trying to find where their vehicle is . The plot is absolutely rediculous , but this is a comedy aimed at the teenage audience who want to waste about 90 minutes of their time . The amazing thing is `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' is funny . Ashton has always been known as a great comedianne and Seanne has always been wonderful in the `` American Pie '' films , and once they come together in this movie the results are a funny and laughable flick that makes you forget all your problems . If your a gay guy you will love the car scene in which both Ashton and Seanne lock lips for REAL!The DVD features commentary by the stars , 7 extended scenes , and a music video . Subtitles are in english and french .
 My favorite part was when they realized they had tattoos . Other cute and funny parts .
 This movie dumps on all the rules about how one is supposed to make a movie . It also pulls it off . If you like stuff done the way we 're told it should be done , you 'll think this movie sucks . If you 're interesting , you 'll like it .
 I thought this was a really funny comedy ... I love it ! They are very funny in this movie . I enjoyed it ... and I highly recamend ... Very cool move ! : -RRB-
 What a funny movie ... I reccomend this to anyone who likes teen type comedies . Full of sarcastic humor and subtle jokes , makes for a movie you will want to watch over and over again .
 This movie is SOOO funny !!! It 's about these 2 party dudes trying to find their car in order to get their girlfriend 's anniversery gifts in order to recieve ` special treats . ' But along the way things do n't go as planed . It 's a comedy starring Ashton Kutcher and Sean Scott . YOU HAVE TO SEE IT !!!
 Dude , Where 's My Car is the greatest movie ever!I mean , Ashton Kutcher is such a hoty!I mean , H-O-T-Y ! It was so dam funny I thought I was going to die!YOU HAVE TO SEE IT!If you like/love Ashton Kutcher you have to see Just Married , My Boss 's Daughter , Texas Rangers , Cheper by the Dozen , and The Butter Fly Effect .
 Dude , Where 's My Car ? is one of the silliest movies I 've ever seen . That said , it 's also one of the best movies that I 've ever seen.Not only does it not take itself seriously -LRB- it pokes fun at itself a few times ! -RRB- but it 's absolutely hilarious , especially on the first viewing . It 's a movie that if you adore it , it never really becomes less funny , and everything becomes some sort of injoke.There are scenes which are totally unforgettable - Chinese Foood scene , and the llama scene spring to mind immediately , but there could be a list of them ! Though the plot is a thinly veiled excuse for hijinks , it actually makes it more funny just because they know the plot is almost non existant.So , if you want a movie with depth and substance , Dude , Where 's My Car ? probably is n't the movie to watch . But if you want something that will make you laugh , give it a try !
 Danny Leiner may be the new Ed Wood ! This film is a love-letter to 50 's B-movie shlock in the form of a stoner comedy . If you love Attack of the 50 Foot Woman and Plan 9 from Outer Space , this is the film for you ! This homage reminds me slightly of Matinee , but is nowhere near as sentimental and makes no attempt to be serious . It is funny , it is a movie that is so bad it 's good , and it is a must-see for the serious -LRB- or not so serious -RRB- B-movie fan .
 Alright , this isnt the funniest movie to come out . And all the 1 star reviews , I dont bother to read . This movie was funny when I first seen it . I have the DVD . Its just REALLY stupid , and it makes it hilarious . Like when the dog was high , tell me that wasnt funny ? I was rollin . This movie is funny from beggining to end trust me . Just give it a try , rent it at first to try it out . If it dont make you laugh , then you need to lighten up . Both the main actors in this movie , are known by everyone , and they can be funny . In this movie they are really stupid/funny . When they get captured by the nerds , wow , I was literally rolling , it was hilarious at how they acted . It has good stuff in this movie , just check it out . Its really worth the watch !!
 Ashton Kutcher and Sean William Scott are hilarious . and I thought S.W.Sl was hilarious in the American pie movies . I saw this at my house on vhs when I rented it . watched it 10 times . and just today got it on dvd . the memorable hilarious scene is when Jesse makes out with Tania . and she says `` I 'm a gender challenged male '' I accept femme guys as people because they still have feelings . it 's just funny how that scene started . with Jesse going `` OH dude you 're a dude * cleans tongue off * and the movie is just brilliant . stoners ca n't find their car . owe money to a a stripper . and must find a device to save the world from blowing up . hilarious . moving . sincere , and just creative.you go dudes . heheheDude where 's their oscars for this one?seriously the whole cast and director and everyone else deserve it
 This movie is so awesome , man ! My favorite part is when they goto the chinese restaraunt and argue with that woman whose onlywords are `` and den ? '' . It was hilarious ! I also like the partwhere they go `` Dude ! Sweet ! Dude ! Sweet ! '' It was awesome . I justhighly reccommend seeing , buying or renting this movie . It 's awe-some ! Shibby ! Ashley
 Though it 's very light on actual westerns , this is a must for Hill/Spencer fans as it 's the only way to see many of these films letterboxed , uncut and in English . Plus the quality is better than usual for Videoasia , even if it 's the usual `` 4 movies per disc '' routine we 're used to . NOBODY IS THE GREATEST -LRB- aka A GENIUS , TWO FRIENDS AND A DUPE , the onscreen title -RRB- is the full Euro cut in scope , and LITTLA RITA OF THE WEST is presented in its uncut European version , in scope , with all the musical numbers intact , and the English dub finally included -LRB- with the songs still in Italian , of course -RRB- . Forget the overpriced , VHS-sourced garbage DVDs of these two titles released by `` Televista '' also for sale ; this is definitely a better value . Also included are Bud Spencer 's entertaining cop films , FLATFOOT , FLATFOOT IN HONG KONG , FLATFOOT ON THE NILE and FLATFOOT IN AFRICA , all letterboxed and in English -LRB- I 'm assuming sourced from the Italian DVDs , which were n't English friendly -RRB- . Then you get the Hill/Spencer team ups , ALL THE WAY BOYS -LRB- in scope but , like the Wham ! disc , still the 90-minute reissue cut instead of the 105-minute one released on US tape -RRB- , and I 'M FOR THE HIPPOPOTAMUS in a widescreen version that , again , is more pleasing than the crud from Televista . Not bad at all for $ 17 , and definitely cheaper than shelling out for the import discs of each title .
 I agree with Nathaniel M. Thompson that this set is well worth the money . Just not as a `` Spaghetti Western Bible '' . The prints are very , very good on all these films and certainly better than any releases by this company so far . Anybody expecting all Spaghetti Westerns will no doubt be disappointed but as a Hill/Spencer collection this is the best I 've ever seen . And I 've seen/bought a lot . I do wish they had included Spencer 's `` It Can Be Done , Amigo '' in the same quality , but hey ... I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for the misleading title of this set .
 Hi , I do not know what you guy 's are talking about ! I loved the whole set , every one of them ! They are so funny , and great to watch over , and over again ! The quailty of the film is not that bad for the older movies what do you expect ! The only trouble I had was how skinny some of the movies was ! But , I loved them all , and it is a great set to watch ! SO what if they where not all western 's , they were great ! I would Highly recommend people to buy this set !! I am a Trinity fan , and a western fan !! I really Loved the whole set !
 This set is a wonderful collection of Terence Hill 's and Bud Spencer 's classics.Some are them together and others their soloe films.The collection includes Nobody 's the Greatest -LRB- a.k.a. . A Genius two partners and a dupe . -RRB- , Little Rita of the west , Renegade , All the way boy 's and much more.It is the greatest set ever , filled with slapstick .
 I love this movie pack it has a lot of funny parts that will keep you laughing for hours . Thanks
 I have been a fan of these spaghetti westerns since I was a teen and when I found this pack for the price they were asking on Amazon.com , I could not pass it up . They still are a good watch on a Saturday movie night .
 You 've waited FOUR YEARS to see it and now finally CHAPTER PERFECT makes its US debut on DVD!Dan Brazda makes a masterful debut as director in this murder mystery that has you constantly second guessing who the REAL murderer is.Wilford Brimley gives his best performance since Cocoon as Chief Hawkins . Can he stop the murder before they write the next chapter in `` The Perfect Murder . '' Lucky Vanous in his first motion picture - if you liked him in the Diet Coke commercial - well I guess you 'll want to see this too . However , the real surprise here is Chrissy Lucas who steals the show in her motion picture debut as Kelly Glover . Beautifully filmed on location in Blowing Rock , North Carolina .
 A classic mystery with plot twists throughout to keep you guessing . Watch for a spell-binding cameo by Stephen Herbster , virtually buried in the credits but more than worthy of praise .
 Just a few comments . Rick Wright 's rather startling revelation that Syd broke down over the course of one weekend is n't supported by the facts . Rick says that Syd did n't show up for a BBC radio spot - this was on the final Friday of July ' 67 . Rick then states that Syd did n't turn up again until `` Sunday or Monday '' and the Floyd 's management told him that `` something had happened to Syd . `` Problem is , every other source for the `` BBC breakdown '' say that Syd DID turn up for the spot but `` freaked out '' during it , and the piece was never aired . Furthermore , the Floyd played 2 shows that very evening at the UFO and 2 more on Saturday , including an all-nite rave `` Love-In . '' so for Rick to state that Syd disappeared for the weekend does n't seem possible . How could they play 4 shows during Syd 's disappearance ? The radio show that Rick refers to has got to be the BBC Saturday Club taping to which I 'm referring , as there were no other Friday radio tapings during this entire period when Syd was breaking down.I 'd also like to comment on Jerry Shirley 's point that Syd seemed to be faking his illness . I 've always wondered about that too . By December '67 we all know Syd looked fried , EMI was refusing to release his singles because they were supposedly no good , Syd could n't play anymore and could n't function in a band , etc. etc. etc.Thing is , the footage here of the Floyd on Tomorrow 's World shows the band playing an excellent space-blues tune and Syd 's playing is excellent . Add in the second BBC session , also from December , and it 's pretty clear that Syd COULD still play , and quite well . That Tomorrow 's World footage is some of the best playing I 've heard from him . And the songs that EMI was rejecting - Vegetable Man and Scream thy last Scream , are two of his best songs ! Given all of this evidence , literally weeks after the disasterous US Tour , the American Bandstand meltdown etc. makes me wonder if Jerry Shirley might be right . Food for thought anyway.As for the DVD , the Astronomy Domine footage is the best quality I 've ever seen , and the aforementioned Tomorrow 's World footage is priceless ... but why in God 's name do they insist on showing only a few seconds-cut to some vapid interview - cut back to the footage - etc. ? And where 's the American Bandstand footage and the Jugband Blues promo ? The Syd Barrett Under Review DVD has those , but they also insisted on showing us only isolated clips from the footage . This historic and rare footage should at LEAST have been included uncut as bonus material instead of pointless cover versions of Syd 's songs.The interviews with the band members and friends are great , and the Vegetable Man promo was fantastic to finally see , even if once again they did n't let us see ALL of it . This DVD is great , but could have been better with uncut footage from Look of the Week , Tomorrow 's World , the promo vids , etc. .
 Firstly , I am a big time Pink Floyd and Syd fan , and had seen this docu on TV and decided to get it for myself , mostly for the DVD extras . I found the full interviews interesting , but I felt that the interviewer did n't do the best job in asking questions . Such as when he interviewed Roger Waters and asks him about the last time he saw Syd , he says that he once saw him in Harrod 's but Syd did n't see him , etc. . I so wanted to hear the question `` and what year was that ? '' but got ... nothing . I felt that the guys being interviewed were a bit frustrated as well by not getting more questions . Overall , I very much like this and recommend it especially if you want to know more about Syd and what happened . I do wish it had more footage of them playing in the Syd days , I know more is out there .
 Not too long and not too short . Detailed and sentimental . Great footage , photos and acoustic performances to steal licks from . I am an avid Syd Barrett listener and was well pleased right down to the interviews with Floyd members .
 Fantastic . Yeah , it could have been longer , and they could have included more , but just to get so many , such heartfelt interviews with Roger , David , Nick and Rick is worth it alone.Plus , they found a really wide assortment of people who knew Syd , and I found their stories really fascinating and touching - seems Syd touched everybody around him .
 There is no doubt a Hollywood feature film will soon follow on this subject . You can see Syd 's downfall truly had a deep and lasting impact on all the Floyd members . What makes this cautionary tale interesting , is that the well liked founder of the group , head song writer , lead guitarist , lead singer & pop icon that brought them to stardom ; was slowley going insane ... Seeing a distressed Fyold member discribe a fat bald completely shaved Syd jumping up and down brushing his teeth during the recording sesion of Shine On is worth the price of this DVD alone .
 THIS WAS EVEN BETTER THAN I REMEMBERED IT WHEN I SAW IT ON VH1 . I THINK THAT ANYONE WHO IS A FAN OF PINK FLOYD WILL DEFINITELY WANT TO ADD THIS DVD TO THEIR COLLECTION . TELLS THE STORY OF HOW THE BAND GOT STARTED , HOW SYD LOST HIS WAY -LRB- SO TO SPEAK -RRB- AND HOW SOME OF THE WORLD 'S BEST SONGS WERE CREATED/WRITTEN . DEFINITELY ONE OF THE MOST INTERESTING DVD 'S I HAVE EVER SEEN .
 This is a story many Floyd fans know , I wanted to own it . This is the main focus of Pink Floyd . True Friendship .
 I was a huge Pink Floyd fan in college . As a musician , this band really shaped the style of music I play and listen to . If you are a fan of Pink Floyd , especially the mystery that surrounds the early years , then this DVD is a must-own . There 's plenty of rare footage of all the guys . It details the tragic story of Syd quite well . There are a lot of great interviews too , as well as plenty of psychedelic music .
 This DVD is a trip back in time.Very enjoyable , but short of it.Anyway it is a great collectable for your dvd library , buy it and see for yourself .
 SIMPLY PUT , AMUST HAVE FOR ALL FLOYD FANS , WHO WANT TO GET THE EARLY FLOYD HISTORY FROM THE MEMBERS OF THE GROUP THEMSELVES .
 This DVD answered almost all of my questions regarding Pink Floyd.Very recommended !
 A good -LRB- if not interstellar -RRB- overview of Roger `` Syd '' Barrett and the early days of Pink Floyd . The DVD tells the story of Barrett 's brilliant rise with the band , and his subsequent acid-fueled fall into schizophrenia.The main drawback is a maddening lack of supporting video and pictures . -LRB- Several years ago , VH1 ran a similar documentary that included a treasure trove of video , including the legendary `` American Bandstand '' appearance in 1967 . -RRB- In fact , much of the vintage footage appears to come from the `` Syd 's First Trip '' video , the `` Arnold Layne '' promotional film , and a performance of `` Astronomy Domine . '' Besides a glimpse of the unreleased `` Vegetable Man '' film -LRB- with the soundtrack clearly using audio from the bootleg version -RRB- there is little of unique historical value.The interviews are the high point of the DVD , particularly the observations by Roger Waters . His comments are by turns poignant , funny , and sad , and are obviously heartfelt . The other members of the band also share their memories -LRB- although Nick Mason seems less than fond of Syd -RRB- . The extras are a bit thin , incorporating expanded interviews with Waters and David Gilmour , and three acoustic performances of Barrett songs by Robyn Hitchcock and Graham Coxon . A digital collection of posters and other memorabilia is a nice touch , but -LRB- at least on my player -RRB- can not be paused . Sadly , the extras do not include any of the promotional films or performances.Any serious Barrett or Pink Floyd fan will want to own this DVD , if only for the interviews , and the great cover art . It 's also a nice introduction for anyone curious about the subject . But I will continue to hope for a more detailed and comprehensive overview of Syd Barrett and the early Floyd .
 For those of us in America , this was the original documentary chopped up into the version shown on VH1 . This documentary is infinitely superior to the US for a few key reasons . Mostly because it is more detailed about the later history of Syd 's life and music and because it allows for the possibility that Syd was n't just an acid casualty , but something more interesting . Perhaps he deliberately used his `` breakdown '' as an excuse . If so , his continued silence has probably gotten him more than if he 'd broken it . As a Syd Barrett fan , it is important that something about the man should appear , beyond the rip-offs like `` Syd 's First Trip '' . The story is told in chronological order with interesting interviews with every member of the band , apart from Syd , of course . Roger `` Syd '' Barrett has basically turned his back on the world of music for 30 years , despite the underground cult he seems to feed by doing so . It is ironic that his absence should be the cause of his continued fascination . No doubt if he turned up on an interview , now a much older man -LRB- as are the rest of Pink Floyd -RRB- it would be a pin in the balloon.This documentary is really both for fans and non-fans alike . It glosses over periods , while expounds on others . The music is inter-cut throughout , with some nice emphasis on the later solo work . The major inaccuracy that seems to occur because of editing , is the one that comes up all the time . It 's a question of timeline . Syd was ousted from the band in 1968 , though they did record a few of his songs -LRB- some are still unreleased , one appeared on the 1968 Saucerful of Secrets album . -RRB- Syd 's solo recordings began in 1968 and were carried into 1969 . Much of the first solo LP was recorded in that period , but was n't released until 1970 . The second solo album was recorded quickly in 1970 and released at the end of that same year . It was then , and only then , that Syd really stopped.The documentary is good . I recommend it . For the fan , its essential . For the casual watcher , its really interesting stuff . It certainly gives perspective on everything Pink Floyd did afterward .
 This is a decent history of Syd and the Pink Floyd -LRB- the narration could have been better written and delivered -RRB- , but there should be more footage , more interviews , more analysis , better graphics , etc. . This DVD is about an hour long . Which is maddening . It 's like getting a single bite from a fantastic piece of cake on a buffet table filled with gastronomic riches , and then being shuffled out of the eatery . I do n't understand why there is n't a 9 or 10 DVD set on the history of Pink Floyd with at least 6 hours on just Syd ? Where are all the TV show performances ? They are one of the biggest bands of all time , and this is the only DVD history of the band in its early days ? We 've got a lousy biography -LRB- Saucerful of Secrets -RRB- written by the wrong author -LRB- thank god Nick Mason has a book coming out -RRB- -- and a couple of compilations of old clippings . With the Beatles there are literally hundreds of books to read . We 've got the `` ANTHOLOGY '' DVD set . But with the Floyd we get these measly little crumbs . What are they thinking ? David Gilmour , Roger Waters , Richard Wright and Nick Mason should put together a big DVD history of their band , before everyone worth interviewing dies out . The people from their generation are beginning to drop like flies . There 's little time left to put something together . And what 's up with the cover picture on this DVD ? It 's low-budget horrible !
 Being a huge Syd Barrett/early Floyd fan I was VERY eager to see this and I must say I was not disappointed . It is amazing in many ways , the most obvious ways being it is the FIRST official Syd/early Floyd documentary -LRB- I 've never seen the VH-1 Floyd Behind the Music episode -RRB- and it has recent in depth interviews with Roger Waters , Nick Mason , Rick Wright , and David Gilmour as well as close friends of Syd 's like Bob Klose . You really get a feel of how each member feels toward Syd and his breakdown , the most touching one from Roger ! There is some great early performance footage of Floyd with Syd and even a brief clip of an interview with Syd himself -LRB- when will they release ALL of it ??? -RRB- . The DVD never gets boring and even spices things up a bit with interviews with modern day artists like Robyn Hitchcock -LRB- a self-professed Syd-head ! -RRB- . Another great thing about this DVD is the fact that they do n't really delve into what Floyd did after Syd left and instead it focuses on Syd 's all too brief solo career . It 's definitely a fitting tribute to Syd and the only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars was the fact that they did n't include more bonus features of the full length early footage and interviews with Syd . So please , whomever has the rights to that footage , PLEEEASE , PLEEEEASE lift a hand and RELEASE IT !!! ; -RRB-
 I was never too into Pink Floyd outside of Piper at the Gates of Dawn -LRB- I very much enjoy Pink Floyd 's other albums , though -RRB- , and I was also a longtime fan of Syd Barrett -LRB- being one of my personal favorites - next to the Beach Boys , Love , and the Zombies -RRB- ... I saw this title at my local Circuit City for $ 14.99 and purchased it instantly.I watched it , having not really known the whole Syd Barrett story before , only knowing that he screwed himself up with LSD and then disappeared into obscurity ... this tells it all , from the Pink Floyd members and friends/fans/acquaintances of his from that era -LRB- Robyn Hitchcock , Humble Pie , the guitarist of Blur , old room mates , etc -RRB- . They tell it very well . There is some good footage on here and they explain alot of the writing process of earlier songs and Syd 's solo stuff , even his shortlived stint with the band `` The Stars '' . The best thing about this documentary is that it really respects Syd and you can see how much Roger , David , & co. really loved him and how they were changed by what happened to Syd . It 's a sad film , in a way . They shy away from taking any low blows and making Syd 's mental instability a spectacle ... which I thought was in very good taste.I have a greater appreciation for Syd Barrett & Pink Floyd having seen this , having seen who they are and -LRB- somewhat -RRB- understanding the story now.Vegetable man where you . . ?
 -LRB- ... -RRB- having seen the flower-power-cover on the edition here on the amazon.com I think I preffer mine - not that it matters much , it 's a minor detail considering what 's `` inside '' . I will start by saying that this documentary answered many of my questions about the mysterious Syd , and the origin of one of my favorite bands , and even `` The Wall '' that now has got a whole new meaning to me . I did not know -LRB- though I had expected it -RRB- that much of the Pink-character was inspired by the life -LRB- and fate -RRB- of Syd Barrett . I had never heard that coming from Roger Waters ' mouth until now , and of course ; It makes sence having always thought that it was mainly inspired from the life of Roger himself -LRB- which it also partly is -RRB- , but as mentioned the Pink-character has always reminded more to me of Syd . So now the `` bricks seem more fit '' -LRB- though to many Floyd-fans this might be old news , I do n't know . . ? -RRB- What the about 45 minutes documentary is missing is actually more of Syd . Ironically it does being mainly a tribute to him , and his genious . We see tiny bits of an interview he and Roger once did , I wanted to hear more . We see tiny bits of some rare consert-footage with Syd in the lead , but I wanted to see more . We see plenty of old photographs of Syd , which is great -LRB- many of those photos are great , and say so much about his condition by looking at the captured expressions on his face becoming more and more unrecognizable -RRB- , but all in all I was still `` hungry '' after watching it the first time . And I still am . Much of what lies out on the internet are rumours and lies when it comes to facts about Syd - so I ca n't help feeling a bit let down by an otherwise so great documentary about one of the most peculiar personalities in the history of rock 'n roll.So if you are interested in Floyd , this one 's a `` must '' !
 It was good to see so much information from people who were around first-hand during the early days with Syd . This DVD is an excellent source of information about Pink Floyd 's original inspiration , and does n't get mired down in a lot of gossip or diagnosis ... just personal accounts by the ones who knew Syd best and who can therefore provide the rest of us with a detail that 's often overlooked when appreciating Pink Floyd 's genuis as a band .
 The DVD starts out with footage from a vintage Pink Floyd concert fronted by -LRB- of course -RRB- Syd Barrett . That only lasts a few seconds , like most of the concert footage.This DVD is a documentary of the Syd Barrett years and a very entertaining one at that . It 's well worth adding to your collection if you 're a Floyd fan.The bonus features are interesting , but could have been much better . Concert footage -LRB- featuring entire songs , not snippets -RRB- from the early days of Floyd would have been perfect to add , and would make this DVD a 5-star masterpiece . I know there 's footage of Syd & Floyd in concert performing Astronomy Domine - why not add that instead of cover versions of Barrett & Floyd songs?Oh well , it gets four stars anyhow . Very well done , despite the flaws .
 Syd Barrett will be greatly missed . His whimsical songwriting style was unique and greatly influenced many famous musicians like David Bowie . This dvd is an essential purchase for those wishing to know about a genuis .
 The Standard Deviants American Government DVD set is a useful tool . It presents the basics of American government without stuffiness or bookishness . The refreshing and humorous approach taken in the DVDs appeals to kids and makes the concepts easier to grasp . The treatment of the subject is , for the most part , fair and unbiased -LRB- there are a few moments where the producers let their political leanings slide through -RRB- . Overall , this is a useful tool and I recommend it highly .
 American Government was a topic I really debated teaching in our homeschool . I remember it being a dry , boring , fairly unnecessary topic when I went to school but my heart would n't let me skip over it . Who knows - maybe one of my kids will actually work in government and it would be helpful to know it 's structure and how it all works.I had read some reviews on various Standard Deviants topics but not much on American Government . I was happily surprised ! The sections are short and to the point with tons of good review . The actors are fun and engaging and my 12 year old has really enjoyed learning about American Government . The quizzes and tests are decent but hard to use if you want a hard copy for any kind of proof . The fact that they are interactive would be attractive for some kids but it would be nice if they also had a PDF file for each quiz/test that could be printed . But as an over-all way of teaching American Government to middle school aged kids -LRB- or even younger if they are pretty bright -RRB- I am quite happy . My daughter was able to watch , pause to take notes , rewind over parts she needed to review , and now has a very decent grasp of the topic . This would be excellent for the very visual and auditory type learner that needs to be a little more engaged to learn . The actors speak about the topics but there are also plenty of lists and charts to reinforce what is being covered and show proper spelling of words that might be new but vital to the topic - such as `` Constitution '' . In hindsight , this would also be an excellent way for a public school student to review American Government topics for class - especially one learning it the old fashioned way from a book and teacher lecture that needs that visual/auditory element !
 I got this for my GED/high school students to review their history in preparation for the social studies exam . This is really great ! It is set in a very easy to follow format and keeps the attention of the teenagers . The quizzes at the end of each lesson are an excellent interactive tool . Yes , it is dated , but the information is accurate and to the point .
 This seller was very prompt . They must have shipped my order as soon as they received it . Highly recommended .
 Xscape Match
 THIS WAS A BIG DAY IN TNA WRESTLING THE TNA HEAVYWELGHT CHAMPIONSHIP IT WAS MICK FOLEY VS STING IS ONE GOOD MATCH ONE OF THE FUNNY MATCHS IN TNA MATCH WAS SO FUNNY SOMETIMES FOLEY USE S BAD WORDS IN THE MATCH FOLEY BEAT THE HELL OF STING WITH A BBOB-WIRE BACK AS GM HES AS A LOTS POWER HES GOING IN MATCH THIS MATCH WAS FUN TOO WATCH FOLEY WINS . LETHA LOCKDOWN NOW I WAS NOT HAPPY WITH THIS MATCH IT A LIITLE POOR TO MATCH 1 TEAM JARRETT WINS THIS MATCH I HOPEING THAT TEAM ANGLE WOODS WIN THIS MATCH WAS OK I GAVE IT 2 OUT 5 . TNA KNOCKOUTS WOMANS CHAMPIONSHIP THIS IS A 4 OUT 5 MATCHS LOTS FUN HERE . DOOMSDAY CHAMBER OF BLOOD AWESOME MATCH 5 OUT 5 . PHILADELPHIA STREET FIGHT TNA TAG TEAM CHAMPIONSHIP POOR MATCH 1 OUT 5 THAT I HAVE TO SAY OK SOMETIMES FUN PPV OK ZOEY JACKSON OUT the mick foley vs sting is awesome but it short too short the match is fun to watch i like it i gave 3 out of 5 this ppv was fun but boring sametimes it a good and fun ok ppv i buy i have seen better tna ppvs but this a ok ppv 2009 was awesome for tna ther not a lots kurt angle in this ppv im a big fan of sting and kurt angle this ppv is lot better than a lots wwe ppvs i watch a lots tna on tv and sametime it better than wwe that all i have to say about this ppv this review is by zoey jackson see all my reviews zoey jackson out
 The 5 way Xscape match for the X Division title was a high-flying showstealer and the same goes for the 3 way Tornado match for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team titles . The Queen Of The Cage match was a smash-mouth brawl and the same goes for the 3 way Women 's title match . The Matt Morgan-Abyss-Doomsday Chamber of Blood match was a bloody,hard-hitting brawl . The Team 3D-Beer Money Inc-Philadelphia Streetfight for the TNA & IWGP World Tag Team titles was a smash-mouth , hard-hitting , out-of-control , brawl and the same goes for The Lethal Lockdown match . The Mick Foley-Sting-World title match was not great but pretty good and even a good reminder of a ECW match back in the 1990 's . I give this PPV a 8 out of 10 .
 Xscape Match for X-division title with champion Suicide , Jay Lethal , Consequences Creed , Sheik Adbul Bashir , and Kioshi
 TNA Lockdown 20091 . Suicide vs. Jay Lethal vs. Kiyoshi vs. Consequences Creed vs. Shiek Abdul Bashir - This was a nice way to kick off the show . I felt there was a lot of good energy hear and it helped get the crowd into the show right from the beginning . They usually kick off the show with an x-division match so I felt it was a good choice here . Suicide has really stepped it up since the day he has entered TNA . Great move set and very athletic skills . Overall a great match and the one thing I would say is that I feel they should not always have the champion retain the title in this type of a match because it makes him look unstoppable . Winner and still TNA X-Division Champion Suicide . Match Rating 8/10 .2 . ODB vs. Madison Rayne vs. Daffney vs. Sojo Bolt in a Queen of the Cage match - Not much to say about this match here except going in and during the match it felt like a filler but was still worth a look . Even though the match felt like a filler all these women put a lot of effort in . ODB has continued to have good matches and I can see TNA giving her a push towards the womens title soon . Winner and the Queen Of The Cage ODB . Match Rating 6/10 .3 . Motorcity Machine Guns vs. No Limit vs. LAX for the New Japan Pro - Wrestling Jr Tag Team Championship - This to me was tied for the second best match of the night . All these tag teams have so much talent and skill iuts hard not to have a good match . So much fast pace action in this match it was like watching the X-Division match to start the night . The cage seemed like it was not even there in this match which I believe helped the pace of the match . Good match here worth more than one look . Winners and still New Japan Pro - Wrestling Jr Tag Team Champions LAX . Match Rating 8.5 / 10.4 . Abyss vs. Matt Morgan Doomsday Chamber Of Blood Match - This match was just there on the card and the crowd knew it as well . Abyss character has been so old here that his move set is repetitive and character is old and you could sense that as it was completely silent during the whole match . Not much to say as the match was n't bad but it was just there . Winner Abyss . Match Rating 6/10 .5 . Awesome Kong vs. Angelina Love vs. Taylor Wild for the TNA Kockouts Womens Championship - I enjoyed this match from a wrestling standpoint and it wo n't get a bad rating but to me it was repetitive because all of these women have been having matches for so long the stuff they do seems repetitive . From a wrestling standpoint not a bad match but nothing you have n't seen before . Winner and new TNA Knockout Womens Champion Angelina Love . Match Rating 7/10 .6 . Team 3D vs. Beer Money INC in a Philadelphia Street Fight for the TNA Tag Team Championships - Talk about the surprise of the night this is it for me . I know beer Money Inc can wrestle but I personally think the Dudley 's are way past their prime but they showed up here big time in the city that made them famous . The street fight stipulation helped the match a lot but you could tell the Dudley 's were going all out no matter what . Lots of nice spots here including beer money suplexing Devon Dudley through a table on the floor . At the end of the match both teams were bloody and put on a heck of a match . Winners and new TNA Tag Team Champions Team 3D . Match Rating 8.5 / 10.7 . Lethal Lockdown Team Angle -LRB- Kurt Angle , Kevin Nash , Booker T and Scott Steiner -RRB- vs. Team Jarrett -LRB- Jeff Jarett , AJ Styles , Samoa Joe and Daniels -RRB- - No question for me here is the match of the night . It had the perfect storyline going into it with the main event mafia vs. the front line which has eben going on for a while but a way to really settle the fued is inside lethal lockdown . I love the way lethal lockdown has been broken down and the match just flows . You have everything from chair shots to Scott Steiner doing the frankenstiner off the top rope . The spot of the night for me was were AJ Styles ran on the top of the cage and jumped in the air breaking the top of the cage and crashing down to the oppents below . It was something that you would see in a video game . Awesome stuff here match of the night . Winners Team Jarrett -LRB- Jeff Jarett , AJ Styles , Samoa Joe and Daniels -RRB- . Match Rating 10/10 .8 . Mick Foley vs. Sting for the TNA Heavyweight Title - As much as people were saying this was going to be terrible from a wrestling standpoint it turned out a lot better than people thought . There is no question from a promo standpoint and setting up a feud this was the best in TNA at the time Foley will be and forever be classic on the mike . The one thing that I felt hurt this match was the crowd was out of it for the most part except when Foley one the title they gave him a huge pop . For as bad as this could have been it turned out a lot better and hopefully Foley can have a good reign as champion . Winner and new TNA Champion Mick Foley . Match Rating 7/10 . Overall I felt TNA Lockdown was a success . I would give it a grade of 61/80 which is a 76 % which just gets it into the perfect category . While some could argue that point I did n't really dislike anything on the ppv and lethal lockdown was a great match to have . Overall a great ppv and one everyone should get on DVD for only $ 15 .
 This video is a superb example of true Russian/Soviet trained dancers combined with Soviet style of `` cultural propaganda '' . The film -LRB- created in 1964 -RRB- was made to be shown in the movie theaters to bring more art to the masses -LRB- let 's not forget that the arts were on very high level in former Soviet Union and still are in the present-day Russia -RRB- . This movie-version style should explain somewhat choppy cinematography . On the other hand , it 's is a classic that should be owned by all avid ballet lovers as well as by those who are just remotely interested in ballet . It is a great family movie!The dancers in the main roles were the stars of the Kirov Ballet in the 60 's and 70 's . How can one go wrong in owning a tape with such stars in their prime as Alla Sizova , Yuri Soloviev , Natalia Dudinskaya , Natalia Makarova , Valeri Panov among many others ? To any ballet student this should be a historic recording of what true classical training can produce . It 's a pure academy of dance ! For someone to say that the dancers are out of shape , because they might seem a little more meatier than our present-day concept of bones , is absurd ! After all , it 's the muscle that gets you up into the air -- not bones.Alla Sizova was a lyrical dancer with pure classical style training and faultless technique . She received gold medal at Varna competition in 1964 , and it 's safe to assume that this ballet was filmed shortly after that . She was very popular in England when Kirov Ballet toured there . Unfortunately , she had a back injury and was n't able to dance for 2 years , but she came back to dance and tour with Kirov in England and Europe without any loss of her brilliant technique . Presently , I believe , she is teaching in Washington D.C.Yuri Soloviev was one of the most talented dancers that Russian and world ballet ever had . His technique was impeccable , his jumps absolutely breathtaking and ... his life was extinquished much too soon for us to enjoy his talent . If for nothing else , one should have this tape to remember Soloviev 's extraordinary talent.Moreover , this film captured very young Natalia Makarova in the role of Princess Florina.I hope this insight is somewhat helpful .
 If you know `` Sleeping Beauty '' , the reason to have this `` Beauty '' is the superlative dancing by Sizova and Soloviev . Nobody dances like them any more , and it 's our loss . Sizova dances with a spontaneity and musical emphasis unlike any other Kirov dancer I 've ever seen . Her Aurora was a vital part of the Kirov 's first sensational tours of the West in the 1960s ; curiously , I saw her dance Princess Florine at the Kirov in Act III in 1984 , and even then she was dancing with amazing freshness - alas , by that point , a freshness unlike anyone in the company . Even though Soloviev is n't really a prince -LRB- he was a very famous Bluebird -RRB- , he becomes a hero like no other - utterly innocent and caught up in the story as if for the first time . Latterday Kirov or Western dancers would dance this ballet with more attention to minor technical perfection and with less feeling for dance and music and character . To watch how Sizova 's torso is always alive through each dance is glorious , and the way that Soloviev effortlessly phrases his series of double tours en l'air like a continuous outpouring of one single ardent thought -LRB- whereas most dancers present them like one technical cliche after another -RRB- is thrilling even if you 've seen this ballet more than two hundred times in the theatre . When I first saw this film in the early 1980s , the Kirov was seldom seen in Britain or America , and it was one kind of revelation . It does n't , however , represent how the Kirov 's production worked in the theatre , it has a partly bad text -LRB- Carabosse danced on pointe and acted heavily by Natalia Dudinskaya -RRB- , and it 's heavily cut . Now that I 've seen the Kirov and its various `` Beauty '' productions many times , this film is a different kind of revelation
 Sizova and Soloviev , as well as Valery Panov as the Bluebird are wonderful . It 's definitely worth buying , but many of the most famous dances have been shortened considerably in this video .
 Made in 1964 , and looking every bit of it , this rare and unique rendition is in color but it is a silent film . We hear only the music of Tchaikovsky 's ballet and the performers strutting their stuff against a collage of lush scenery - the Palace , the Forest , a lake , Carobosse 's realm , etc. . The music is terribly rendered . Moving to swiftly and having none of the finesse and bravura that is Tchaikovsky , the emphasis of this video is on the dancers . They are excellent , of course , providing drama in everything from their leaps to the look in their faces . I.E. . The King and Queen shine with parental bliss upon the Christening of their daughter Aurora , are horrified upon the emergence of the menacing Carobosee -LRB- looking like a woman who has taken a hallucigenic drug -RRB- and grief-stricken upon Aurora 's death when she pricks her finger . The finale is nothing more than cute customes and light dancing and the finale as the Prince and Aurora travel on a boat across the skies , is very disappointing . But still if you enjoy ballet this tape can be for you , though there are better versions out there -LRB- look for the Viviana Durante as Aurora -RRB- .
 This Sleeping Beauty filmed in 1964 is a treasure for any ballet lover . As they used to say in the ballet worlds of New York , London and Paris back in the 1970 's , `` The wrong dancers defected from the Kirov . '' Meaning , that instead of Misha Barishnakov and Natalia Makarova , it should have been Yuri Soloviev and Alla Sizova who defected to the West , since they were far greater and supreme dancers . Soloviev had the biggest leaps of any dancer then or now , as well as a stunning charisma . His death at the age of 37 , probably committing suicide , in 1977 , was a great and tragic loss . He left a daughter who became a Kirov dancer . And Alla Sisova had a back injury that she never recovered from that unfortunately cut her career short , but I 'm not certain what year she stopped dancing . Their beauty and brillance captured in this filmed version of Beauty shows us that they were not legends for nothing . Also Natalie Dudinskaya dancing Carrabosse , she was probably in her 50 's when this was filmed , leaves on film for posterity her greatness as a dancer . What must she have been like in her dancing when she was younger ? Nureyev always revered her . And he always spoke fondly of both Soloviev and Sizova .
 Before the initial worldwide tour of the Leningrad Kirov Ballet in 1961 , its rival Bolshoi Ballet troupe was the generally accepted company of choice for the performance of archetypal Russian dance . However , the Kirov brought something fresh with them that charmed balletomanes - - an emphasis upon clarity of line for traditional works , showcasing roles that were filled by an extraordinary assemblage of soloists which , in general , lacked the vigour displayed by Bolshoi dancers . This film was constructed in 1965 following the previous year 's second tour by the Kirov , and will receive high marks from many aficionados of dance . It is shot at the Kirov 's home , Saint Petersburg 's Maryinsky Theatre , being an enactment applying the original 1890 choreography created by Marius Petipa , although there are over an hour of cuts made from Tschaikowsky 's score , with several numbers being shortened , while others are excised or repositioned . Lamentably , among these cuts are a portion of the Blue Bird solos -LRB- Valeri Panov -RRB- as well as the adagio from the Grand Pas de Deux , danced here by Alla Sizova and Yuri Solovyov . Nonetheless , most viewers will accept these deletions as the work is intriguingly untypical in many ways when compared with most filmed ballets , with a result that one 's interest is heightened from outstanding set and costume design , along with cinematic special effects that can not be found with stagebound productions . It is widely printed that Rudolf Nureyev , who had discarded his Soviet citizenship by defecting to the West -LRB- leaving the Kirov in 1961 -RRB- , would consider returning to the U.S.S.R. only if he could once again partner Sizova , and it is not difficult to understand the temper of his statement as the prima ballerina , performing here as Princess Aurora , displays ravishing extensions along with her emblematic velvety soft jumps . She is matched by the gifted Solovyov whose singular mastery of elevation is evident dancing as Desire -LRB- Prince Charming -RRB- . Additionally , ballerina Natalia Makarova is pure elegance as Princess Florina while veteran ballerina and coach Natalia Dudinskaya is dramatically convincing as the evil fairy Carabosse , albeit she dances the role en pointe . The well-trained corps de ballet is tantamount to perfection . The striking Vaganova method of arm positioning has long been with the company -LRB- wherein it was derived -RRB- and it is something wondrous upon which to focus while viewing this film . One of the finest exponents of that school during the 1960s is the incomparable Kaleria Fedicheva , cast here as one of the five good fairies . Fedicheva , who became successful as a highly valued teacher in the United States following her defection , demonstrates here that she is a true balletic blade , cutting through the air as she generates a theatric interpretation of her character . Based upon a late 17th century fairy tale by Charles Perrault , The Sleeping Princess is provided with a fantasy plotline of great intensity in addition to inherent visual appeal , and the unique stagecraft utilized for this production offers not merely proficient employment of machinery , but also an opportunity for vividly interpretive acting and dancing , with skilled film editing being a decisively significant segment of the mix . The film is an artistic achievement for which all engaged in its making may well be pleased . This would include the Leningrad Opera and Ballet Theatre Orchestra , as well as the entire cast of dancers and many others of the production team , as the work 's emotional impact reflects the efforts of a combination of diverse talents . Cinematographer Anatoli Nazarov employs numerous closeups and a broad range of camera angles , including overhead , that exhibits -LRB- in conjunction with artistic montage effects -RRB- especially telling effects fashioned by the design teams . This film has been released upon a less than completely satisfactory DVD , and most viewers will incline toward a 1990 Kultur VHS version that , while rather difficult to locate , and suffering from some colour washout , is yet presented in letterbox format that maintains the original aspect ratio of its Cinemascopic theatrical release prints .
 No one in our family is an expert . This is a pure entertainment value rating from a family that loves many types of music and dance.This tape , pluses and minuses , deserves 5 stars in our family , because it is simply so beautiful to watch , so engaging . It feels like a ballet AND a gripping story both , moreso than some of the other ballets we own , which can feel a bit like a plodding story as we wait for the next dance part worth watching . -LRB- La Bayadere comes to mind . -RRB- The minuses
 I got a copy of this tape as a gift , and never thought what a jewel for the ballet this tape IS . After watching it , I became a fan of Alla Sizova and Yuri Soloviov , because they danced more deep than just a perfect technique , they had style , grace , musicality and fluidity.Even though Makarova was more known in America because of the international projection and is considered one of the top ballerinas in the 60s , 70s and 80s , Sizova is even better because she could actually jump and turn , unlike Makarova -LRB- watch her in Royal Ballet 's Swan Lake 1982 -RRB- , and her style was always so pure and clean.Soloviov is amazing too , he does n't actually look like a real prince , but after watching his dance , there was no doubt about who the prince was . Lilac fairy did a great job , though sometimes she looks a little out of proportion , she could balance her size with her delicacy.I fully recommend this tape , though it looks old , is a classic for every balletomane and even kids who like to see a lovely story , russian style .
 Oh ... if only life were this sweet . Gaff off work and get promoted . Hit on an indredibly hot woman and have her come to you . Tell her you 're not going to work or paying bills anymore , and that you like Kung Fu and have it work out okay . This movie may not be believable , but it is inspiration . It will speak to almost anyone who has ever had a bad day on the job . Ask any enlisted Marine what a TPS report is . I bet he can tell you where he heard that phrase before .
 This is a movie that can ` speak ' to you ! Some movies you watch , and you enjoy them ... . some movies you watch , and they become a part of you because you can associate with the characters , their situtations , and how they feel . That accurately describes Office Space.To be a bit cruel , the concept for this movie came from a short animated clip done by Mike Judge -LRB- of Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill fame -RRB- . It was well received , and converted into a full length film . Because of those beginnings , some times this movie feels a bit like 3 stories pasted together and they made up one continuous ` thread ' to tie the plots together.Notice that this does n't hurt my rating of the video at all!I find I associate with Peter Gibbon 's hatred of working in a cubicle , the need to just ` get away ' from it all . Of wanting to do things for yourself in life . This movie , unwittingly , ends up describing ME and how I feel about my life!There 's one line in the movie , after Peter skips work all weekend , he wanders into work late on Monday to get his address book . His best friend explains that he 's in a lot of hot water , and what has he been doing?Peter replies `` I did absolutely nothing , and it was everything I imagined it could be '' . Amen .
 I was skeptical when I was invited to see this movie at the theatre , figuring all the funny bits were contained in the trailer and the tv ads . I was sorely mistaken . This is absolutely one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen , basically because I can , like many of you all , identify with one or more of the scenarios -LRB- e.g. the copier from hell , the commute that never seems to end , the obsession some people have about their office supplies -RRB- . And I never thought the `` oh face '' would be an icebreaker in conversation but trust me , it is!Oh yes , Michael Herman is the coolest actor there is ! Watch him in Dude , Where 's My Car ? as well . He 's hot !
 This is going to sound like a broken record after reading all the other reviews , but definitely BUY THIS MOVIE ! I did n't think I would even like it because I usually prefer more highbrow stuff -LRB- rented at the recommendation of a coworker -RRB- , but I had a 5-night rental and ended up WATCHING IT EVERY SINGLE NIGHT . I now own it , and it is a joy to watch -- I keep noticing something new . There is broad humor here , but the real gems are in the little details that make our offices -LRB- and lives -RRB- pure hell . If you have ever wanted your cubicle neighbor to turn down their radio ; if you have ever been forced to comply with memos that defy common sense ; if your office has ever been taken over by arrogant consultants -- you owe it to yourself to check this out . Not high art , but really , really smart .
 The best part of this DVD besides the film is the beginning menu . At first I thought something had really gone wrong , then I just started laughing as soon as the main menu came up . The extras are sadly non-existent , but it 's still a great movie to own . Maybe one day they 'll put out a loaded `` Office Space '' DVD . ...
 This is one of the most comforting movies I know . When you get home from Dilbertland , and the world seems insane , pop this movie in and laugh at someone having it truly rough . It 's cheaper than hypnotherapy.I feel so strongly about the healing nature of this film , I will often purchase a copy and send it to a friend when they describe a particularly brain fryingly stupid day in corporate America.And it 's also a great quote movie . Watch it and the next day you 'll be walking around saying , `` Why should I ? He 's the one that sucks . `` The DVD itself is light on features , but regardless , you 'll want this movie on hand for emergencies . Let someone else fill out the TPS reports , and enjoy .
 One night I was flipping through the TV Channels when I came across the Office Space . I had never heard of it before , but I decided to check it out . It 's one of the funniest movies I 've seen in a very long time.The opening seen is hilarious . Peter -LRB- played by Ron Livingston -RRB- , who is stuck in a traffic jam finds himself making less forward progress than an old man with a walker . That 's the kind of day Peter 's day seems to begin every day with something going wrong.From there Peter goes to his job as a computer technological company where he always has issues with the boss and the damn copying machine which never seems to work.When Peter and his friends are frustrated and upset about work their boss says they must have `` a case of the Mondays . '' Then they go to the shop next door and order coffee and ask the waitress -LRB- played by Diedrich Bader -RRB- , what she would say if someone told you `` I think I have the case of the Mondays ? '' The waitresses reply
 I think this film is hysterical . I recommend it to anyone who is disgusted with corporate America . Subjects and characters portray real life situations in a satirical very funny way . If you are fed up with your job , if you are a general worker or corporate manager , watch this movie . You have to relate to someone or something in this film . Sooooo funny !!!!
 This was an unexpected hit in my household!Disclaimer
 This is a great movie that most of us can relate to . BUT I WARN YOU DO NOT FOLLOW THROUGH WITH WHAT THE GUY IN THE MOVIE DOES -LRB- quit his job and stop paying bills -RRB- it does n't actually work like it does in the movies .
 One of my all-time favorites.Hits close to home as far as the work place goes.Funnier than he ** !
 This is almost a classic movie -- I 'm no prude but I there 's excessive , gratuitous language that will keep this from being a Jimmy Steward , Forrest Gump kind of classic . The characters . The lines . The stapler . What more can I say ? See this movie .
 Ok people here are saying they got this at a lower price at another store . Well ok im reviewing the movie not the price . Get it from wearever you want . This is a great set and a great movie . I got a stapler , pad of paper , magnet , pen and a coffee cup . The extras on this dvd are very good . I watched something talking about Mike Judge that was really interesting and it has alot more little things that are interesting . So no matter which store you get this from it is a great buy . even if someone already has the original version .
 I have watched this so many times that it is scary . Like many others I 'm sure , I am absolutely convinced that Mike Judge had some intel on MY employers when he developed this film . There are just WAY too many coincidences ! :-RRB- ANYone who works in a cubicle will see something in this film that they recognize from their own experience . The really cool thing is that after seeing Office Space , you will view these experiences from a completely different perspective . You may just find yourself smiling at something in the workplace that used to drive you absolutely nuts .
 This is one good mvie , definately worth the watch and the buy . The comedy flick based on 3 bored-out-of-their-mind trapped office blokes try to out smart the company failing yet managing to escape by luck . Deffinetly have to watch this movie .
 This film definitely captures the essence of white collar angst , Steven Root 's performance as the lovable Milton , who no longer recieves a paycheck but still calls his cubicle home and is anal retentive when it comes to his red stapler , is Oscar worthy .
 In Office Space , everybody hates their jobs because they are n't even worried about getting fired and Peter , Michael and Samir all think that everyday they work is the worst day of their lives . Furthermore , all three of them will risk going to jail to sabotage the company with a computer virus.I remember watching this movie when it first came out . That was 6 years ago and I did n't understand a lot of the crude and inappropriate jokes . It was a lot more funny watching it the second time and there was parts of the movie that I did n't remember.Everybody hates their jobs in the movie Office Space and they are n't even worried about getting fired . They take their anger out on printers and copy machines . When Peter sleeps at night all he thinks about is how much his life sucks and that he wishes he could lay around and do nothing all day . Some employees even day dream of burning down the building . Working at Inotech , Makes the lives of the employees a living hell . Anybody who works there would rather get laid off then to stand another day working for Mr. Lumberg.For Peter , Michael and Samir everyday is the worst day of their lives . Peter even goes to a psychologist to discuss his life and how much he hates it . The psychologist helps him , however , with hypnosis . He is n't the only one that thinks his life sucks . His girlfriend Joanna works at a local diner and hates her job so she freaks out and quits . They need to find a way to get even.Furthermore , all three of them will risk going to jail to sabotage the company with a computer virus . The virus rounds off small amounts of money and transacts money from the company into a neutral bank account . They figured little by little money would be transferred so no one would notice the small amounts missing . The three believed that even if they got caught they would not even have to serve time , however , when $ 305,000 was transferred to their account they thought different.This movie was great and it had a good plot . When I saw the cover at Blockbuster I figured the movie would be funny but with no real story , I was wrong . A good story with good characters made it enjoyable to watch this movie .
 I was excited when I heard about a new special edition of this movie , but disappointed recieved it . This movie is great , but why are they calling this a special edition ? There 's hardly anything special about it . The deleted scenes are great , but I want more ! And let 's see a documentary about Milton ! And a commentary track ! Finally why is this thing in 2.0 stereo ? Could n't they have given the sound a better transfer ? The movie desearves better !
 I have to say that Office Space has become one of my most favorite movies of all time . This is a must-see for anyone who has ever worked in an office . It has to be one of the greatest satires ever made in Hollywood to this date .
 This movie is THE movie to watch for anybody who ever gets frustrated at work . At stupid bosses or needless paperwork or silly policies or stupid fax machines that break down all the time . You do n't even have to work in a cubicle to enjoy the humor . You will laugh your head off anyway . This movie has become a cult classic . I ca n't beleive how many people at my job will quote scenes from the movie.I first saw `` Office Space '' on a pay channel a few years ago and I kept thinking about different parts of the movie long after I had seen it . Then recently I realized that I needed to buy it and add it to my collection because it is the kind of movie to watch over and over again.And if you have a particularly bad day at work , it 's fun to put in the DVD and play the ending credits that features a hip-hop version of `` Take this job and shove it . '' Then you can dance around the living room and I guarantee your bad work day will fade to just a distant memory .
 -LRB- Not that the Citizen Kane was much to talk about IMO -RRB- I REALLY wish I could give it 10 starsIt 's so spot-on it 's not even funny when you think about it and realize that your life goes by just like this , only you are not laughing in the similar situations in real life .
 Even though this is a comedy , it 's pretty darn close to what happens in a corporate environment . I know . I 've been a software engineer for 15 years for very large places like Kodak . This is what really happens - it 's just exaggerated to make it hilarious . But it 's freaking real . This is why I gave up the big corporate life to become a freelance writer . It 's really a funny movie and most anyone who 's worked in such an environment will surely identify with the ridiculous policies and red tape .
 This has to be one of my all time favorite movies , and it was a real shame that it was so over looked at the box office . Our hero Peter Gibons just another faceless drone working for Intitech . So disillusioned is he in fact that his cubicle looks as if he just started that day . After a freak hypnosis accident Peter no longer cares about his job , his cheating girlfriend , or in fact anything at all . Least of all his Boss Lumberg . Peter , and friends hatch a plan to rip off the company since they are all being fired anyway . The movie is far from academy award faire , but it is a fun 90 mins . It includes many situations that even though are `` funnied up '' are still pretty close to the average drone 's day . My job is similar so I can totally relate to Peter , and Michael , and that other guy who no one can seem to pronounce his name . Stephen Root steals the show as Milton who was the star of several animated shorts entitled ` Milton ' shown on Saturday Night Live that was the original basis of this movie . A fun movie , and proof that Every Drone Has Its Day !!! enjoy .
 When `` Office Space '' first came out , I have to admit that the movie did not look very good . The trailers did n't do the movie justice . I did n't see the movie until this past year and that was when I started to appreciate this movie . I work for a huge mortgage company which basically I would not recommend taking out a loan with given the way they treat their customers which is horrible , not to mention their employees too . What I see in `` Office Space '' is basically a mirror image of the BS I have to suffer at the office on a daily basis . Mike Judge -LRB- creator of `` Beavis and Butthead '' -RRB- really captures cubical life in `` Office Space '' . Ron Livingston is hilarious as Peter Gibbons who begins out in the movie stressing out about everything that is going on at his job but after he is hypnotized -LRB- which eventually goes awry -RRB- , Peter stops giving a darn about his job and starts slouching off . Yet that lazy , sloth mentality of Peter 's manages to get him far ahead in the company while other people are being screwed over by the company -LRB- which I can definitely relate to -RRB- . Gary Cole is hilarious as the patronizing , condescending jerk of a boss . His line deliveries cracks me up because they come off sounding pleasant yet the message is not so nice , like coming into the office on the weekends . That I can also relate at my job to which scares me . Stephen Root as Milton was even more hysterical . If anything should be learned from Milton is that be careful of who you push around because you never know what could happen . LOL ! I love the pieces of flare that Jennifer Aniston has to wear at a TGI-like restaurant . I cracked up when her boss implied that good employees wears lots of pieces of flare -LRB- which are basically cheesy buttons -RRB- . My most personal favorite moment in the film is the Michael Bolton character who immediately snaps at his cubical neighbor and refers to the pop singer of the same name as `` a no-talent @ $ $ clown '' . I love `` Office Space '' . Anyone who works for a corporation should really watch this movie . You will find this movie bearing a strong resemblence to your job . I know it does for me .
 If you have ever worked in an office , or felt you were just a number in the grand scheme of any corporation , you 'll identify yourself with this film . Did you ever feel that if you ran the company it would make sense ? This Independent film exposes what we all know . The company you work for must be run by morons.It is also a great love story without any gratuitous sex or violence . In fact , it does n't have any . If your child is 14 years-old or older he or she can enjoy it with you . -LRB- Some occasional minor profanity -RRB- You might as well prepare them now for what they will only learn when he or she enters the work force . Just because someone is their boss does not make them any smarter than anyone else . In fact , it makes you wonder how they ever obtained that position.I thought it was funny movie with a good moral ending . &#34; It is not what do for a living ; it is how much you enjoy doing it . &#34; Oh , by the way , he gets the girl in the end . That should go without saying .
 In a word - HYSTERICAL ! I remember seeing this for the first time in the theater and laughed so hard , I almost did n't catch all the dialogue . I firmly believe that anyone who has ever worked in an office cubical situation or in food service -LRB- and I have done both -RRB- will be able to appreciate every bit of the humor presented . This was one of those small-time movies that just popped up out of nowhere and has managed to climb the cult movie ranks.Based on the comic strip Milton by Mike Judge -LRB- creator of Beavis and Butthead -RRB- Office Space goes the extra length to take pretty much every stereotype in the book and magnify it to the umpteenth degree . Imagine every weird coworker you 've ever encountered ... every cubical you 've ever worked in ... every boss you 've wanted to strangle , put them in a company called Initech , and then move them all to The Far Side and you might just have an idea of what this movie is all about.The main character in the film is n't Milton , however , as the comic strip title would suggest . Instead it 's a guy named Peter -LRB- played by Ron Livingston -RRB- . Milton is in the film and adds a really humorous -LRB- but also sad -RRB- dimension to the movie -LRB- there is a certain level of morbid humor throughout -RRB- . Stephen Root -LRB- who up until this movie , had been best known for his character Jimmy James on News Radio -RRB- plays Milton and really gave the best performance overall.There is an underlying plot line , in case you were wondering . The company -LRB- Initech -RRB- calls for a couple of consultants , known as `` Efficiency Experts '' to come in and do a little -- shall we say -LRB- with air quotes -RRB- -- ` housecleaning ' . As one insane plot builds on another , the Efficiency Experts promote Peter , but fire two of his fellow cubical-mates so they all begin scheming together to find a way to rip off their evil and incredibly patronizing boss , Lumburgh -LRB- played by Gary Cole -RRB- . Offices are not always fun environments to work in , but thanks to them , movies like this one can be made .
 If you 're looking for a move that will have you laughing outloud from beginning to end , this is the movie for you . The humor is silly and pokes fun at the burn out factor that occurs in nearly every office environment I 've ever worked in . The story follows three co-workers and their struggles to remain both motivated and viable in a changing workplace.The price for this movie is so affordable that you ca n't go wrong . You 'll find yourself watching this movie over and over again !
 I love this movie as it make me laughed at myself because much of the workers at Initech are like my workers including myself . My favorite character as he keeps saying `` m ' yeah , I 'm gon na need you to '' , yes he remind me of some of my managers in my life .
 This is simply one of the funniest movies ever made . I 've watched it hundreds of times , and my wife finally bought it on DVD a couple weeks ago . She had to immediately loan it to a friend from her office . I recommend it to nearly everyone I meet.The plot , writing , and casting in this movie were brilliant . It is filled with so many funny lines and quotes that it would be impossible to list them without giving you the entire script . This movie captures the irony of a modern day office environment perfectly . I think all managers out there should watch it.It 's a great movie !
 This is a often over looked comedy , it definitely has more of a cult following much like chasing amy , or clerks , just an all around great movie , I highly recommend
 This movie is an absolute classic and a must watch . I think anyone and everyone can relate to this movie and their own work environment , it is such a comical movie and you will remember things about it for years to come . Great buy !
 HilariousEpicClassicHystericalTimelessA must-seeA must have in your DVD library.Feeling depressed ? This movie is the Prozac of comedies.I watch this movie at least once a year for the past 10 years.Why do n't they make Office Space 2 ?
 I love this pre 21st century movie . The CD came in good condition which is all one can ask for in a product that one has already watched several times before . Good stuff .
 Love this movie ... there are so many scenes of which I can relate to at my job . Funny Funny , you are guaranteed to laugh .
 Great movie , a must have for the collection . I did not notice anything special about the flair edition yet however .
 This movie is dead on for any office environment with 10 or more people in it . Stereotypes abound and I could see many of my former co-workers represented . One friend is getting a red stapler for Christmas .
 I love the movie . I can watch them over and over again without being bored ! I highly highly recommended it !
 A classic movie ; it 's funny no matter how many times I watch it . Maybe the best comedy of all times !
 Watching this movie and reading Dilbert make me feel so much better about going to work every day . One of my favorite movies
 If you could just , uh , go ahead and buy this dvd ... yeeaahhh , that 'd be greeeaaattt .
 Mike Judge 's `` Office Space '' is a sharp , satirical film comedy , which takes dead aim at white collar , corporate life and hits the bull 's eye.The film is about a young guy named Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- , who works in a soulless , high-tech , corporation . He hates everything about his pencil pushing , paper shuffling , numbers crunching job and feels trapped . He hates it so much , that he goes to a ` Occupational Hypnotist ' for therapy . But through a tragically , bizarre -LRB- and darkly funny -RRB- accident he gets a hypnotic suggestion in his brain to no longer give a dam about his job or financial security.With his new found attitude , he basically turns his office upside down . -LRB- I love the scene where he guts a fish on his desk ! -RRB- Along the way , Peter and a pair of frustrated downsized , software engineers -LRB- David Herman & Ajay Naidu -RRB- , conspire to release a computer virus , that will slowly defraud the company of huge sums of money.Unfortunately something goes horribly wrong with the program and the guys must figure out a way to keep the corporate bosses from discovering their crime.When this movie was originally released in 1999 it bombed and quickly left the theatres . But through DVD/video sales & rentals , constant airings on cable television and good ` word of mouth ' , it became a cult film with a following . I think the reason this comedy resonates within people is because it gets all the details of corporate life ... so right . Director-Writer , Mike Judge -LRB- Creator of both `` Beavis & Butthead '' and `` King of the Hill '' -RRB- includes everything from the well manicured but dull corporate parks to the mind numbing fluorescent lighting and the earth toned , cage-like cubicals , that you would love to bang your head against.Judge gives us all the characters you almost always find in the corporate hierarchy including the inhuman boss , the evil consultants , the penny-pinching bean counters , the gossips , the worriers , even the engineers , who think they know everything . This movie totally gets it 's topic of ` office hell ' and just runs with it ! The cast is great all around . Standouts include Gary Cole as Lumbergh , the passive-aggresive , boss you 'd love to kill and Stephen Root as Milton , a mumbling , put upon employee with a stapler obsession . Even Jennifer Aniston gives a good performance as a flair-impaired , waitress , who hates her job in a ` Fridays ' style restaurant.If you work in an office , you will either laugh or cringe ... or do both , while you watch this gut-busting , hilarious movie . Highly recommended !
 For anyone whose had to deal with a robotic manager who repeates pointless phrases regardless of your response - this is the movie for you . For those of you who trudge to work everyday dreading encounters with chipper co-workers who make mind-numbing conversation - this is the movie for you . For anyone who wakes up every morning with only thoughts of escape on their minds as they get ready to join the commuting masses - this is defintely the movie for you.The characters are very well developed , hitting the nail on the head as far as office types go . There is a relatable type there for eveyone who 's ever worked in the typical `` cubicle environment . '' From the opening sequence , where each main character is shown reacting to the daily traffic jam , to the last scene - this movie is hilarious . It `` hits the spot . '' It is a cathartically funny look at what life is like for most people in this type of setting.The dialogue is precious . Almost everything out of each character 's mouth is quotable . You 'll find yourself repeating these phrases like mantras . After the third or fourth viewing -LRB- and you will want to see it more than once or twice -RRB- , you 'll find yourself quoting each phrase along with the movie . You 'll bond in brother/sisterhood with whomever sees it with you . It will become `` your '' movie.Did I mention the soundtrack ? It could n't be more perfect . It gives the movie unity and cohesion in the most comic sense , in that it takes otherwise serious moments and highlights their absurdity through the sheer ridiculousness of the music choice . It points to one character 's desire to be someone else ; to escape his station in a small way and become another stronger , more willful type.And , it simply rocks.The direction is also quite good . There are many nicely shot sequences which run like videos encompassing univeral moments . Particularly memorable is the `` printer scene . '' You 'll need to see the movie to know what I 'm talking about . Also , the focus on character expressions and camera angles which highlight and enhance responses to certain situations are very well done , putting the focus on how the character feels in an exaggerated and caricature-like way.All in all , a must see . Quite possibly one of the funniest movies ever because of it 's honesty and ability to encapsulate the moment .
 There is a scene in Office Space in which the VP Lumberg , introduces the two consultants who are basically there to fire people -LRB- `` clear out dead wood '' -RRB- The employees are grouped around in a semi circle and everyone looks kind of greenish gray because of the lighting and nearly every face is stressed and worried.This scene reminds me of every corporate job I ever had
 Ah , Office Space , one of the greatest comedies of all-time . How can you not laugh at this movie ? It insults and exposes the isolation of working in a cubical in some multi-million dollar corporation , with obnoxious co-workers and a boss that overuses the word `` Yeah '' . The red stapler scene is ALONE worth the price of the enitire movie . Of course , in the end we learn that everything will work out as long as you have that one co-worker who 's a stuttering fat guy who ca n't stand up for himself who torches the entire building so he can get his stapler back ... * sarcasm * . But whatever . What can I say ? It 's classic humour . If you have n't seen this movie , get off your couch , stop watching that re-run of some WB drama , and rent - no , BUY this movie NOW ! You 'll never be able to stop watching Office Space . And for the record , this gets my vote for the best comedy of the entire 90s . `` Oh and we have a HUGE roach problem ... . so if you could ... . yeah ... . just go ahead and take care of that ... yeah ... ''
 We 've owned the original Office Space DVD since it first came out , but it came out early in the days of DVD 's when production companies has not yet grasped the value of `` Special Features '' - deleted scenes , commentary tracks , outtakes , interviews with the cast , etc. - all of those features which we have come to expect from a DVD . The lack of ANY of these features on the original DVD always made me a little bit sad ; I knew they could do better.My prayers were answered when this DVD came out . Yes , I bought it , despite the fact that I already have the darn movie on DVD and despite the fact that I was really SUPPOSED to be Christmas shopping . The special features -LRB- I 'm sorry ... I meant FLAIR -RRB- are above par for DVDs ... commentary tracks , deleted scenes ... . everything you could want and more . Watching them is almost like rediscovering the movie.Yeah , we 're gon na have to ask you to ... um ... go ahead and buy this movie again .
 Office Space has quickly become one of those cult classics . I can not remember this movie even hitting theaters and I saw it after it was recommended by a friend . I immediately went out and bought it after watching it once . It is one of those movies that has classic lines and characters that you 'll be quoting and referring too often . Personally , I would rank this as one of the 10 funniest comedies I 've ever seen .
 Yeah , after you 've seen this movie , you 'll know what the title of my review means . This has to be one of the funniest movies ever made.This film is for anyone who has ever hated his or her job , so , in all actuality , this movie is for everybody . The subtle humor can be appreciated by everyone , especially those of you who have ever worked in a cubicle.The characters are all nicely developed , and the storyline , although seemingly simple , is perfect and well defined . Bill Lumberg has to be one of the funniest characters to come to the `` silver screen '' in a long time , and he is n't even the main character ! Ron Livingston does an excellent job of playing the fed-up `` paper pusher , '' Peter . His comments are so appropriately funny , and his candid facial expressions are fabulous.This film will have you repeating the hilarious lines all around the office place , and you wo n't be able to keep yourself from laughing . This movie truly has something in it for everyone . It is a ca n't miss . Where else can you see Michael Bolton steal an idea from Superman ? See this film to see what I mean !
 OK , so I have lived the commute from Concord to Mt View to reside in a cube and write swill code for a series of untalented Lumburgs , so I may not be qualified to rate this movie ... it is too close to reality . IT IS FANTASTC ! My sides ache , and my soul soars , I have worked with everyone in this movies over the past 15 years . I wish I had written thus story because I have lived it , because it is a classic that will live for ever . Buy it , own it , and when your finally ready to let go of it bury it in a time capsule .
 Just finished watching the DVD and must say I am disappointed . Not with the movie , but with the `` flair '' . This is one of my all time favorite movies , a great comedy that flew under the radar when it was in theatres . It captures and sends up the typical office environment perfectly . Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- is my hero and I have since modeled my life after his . The characters of Milton -LRB- the always great Stephen Root -RRB- and Lundberg -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- are classics.Regardless , the `` flair '' -LRB- i.e. , extras -RRB- accompanying the movie are a disappointment . If any comedy cries out for a commentary track , its this one . Instead , we get a short `` behind the scenes '' movie -LRB- which was entertaining -RRB- and a few deleted scenes . I 'm reminded of the scene in the movie where Jennifer Aniston 's character is chastised by her boss -LRB- who I never realized before was actually played by Mike Judge -RRB- for only wearing the minimum of `` flair '' -LRB- i.e. , buttons on her waitress uniform -RRB- . This DVD contains just such a minimum of flair . It 's not worth the extra money if you already have the older version . But like I said , its a great movie , buy this version if you do n't have one .
 I have n't seen this movie since I was young . I think high school years . I watched it yesterday for the first time in year 's and I remembered it being a little bit more funny and fun to watch . Still was a good movie though . I like the guy who is always being moved around and just wants his red stapler .
 This is a funny movie if you ever worked in the business environment and had a cube . You will be able to relate to this movie and the typical office equipment not working right , annoying co-workers and your boss . The crazy tactics used to get you to work overtime , we been there done it and now there is a movie on this subject .
 This movie is so funny ! The characters are are excellent and Judge did a great job with the plot too . It shows the epitomy of how office politics exist everywhere in all places people work excellently . The boss is the epitome of a bad boss in most offices , too ! You will love this movie , I promise .
 I got my dvd with ` Extra Flair ' LOL.This movie is a classic , it speaks the mind of almost every cubical worker I have known and/or worked with . It sums up how I felt about working in an office when I did . Even 10 years later this movie is just as funny , if not better then it was back then .
 Great funny movie , a real classic -LRB- that makes me feel old ... -RRB- , product as described , fast shipping . Everyone should see this at least once . Original retail package .
 This movie is soooo funny , you will LYAO and I 'm NOT kidding at all ! I even bought a Swingline Mdeol 747 RED stapler for my desk I love this movie that much !
 Peter is sick of his 9-5 . All he does is sit in his cubicle all day listening to people talk down to him . So after a therapy session where his therapist drops dead , he decides that he 's going to live his life to the fullest . And that means staying home , doing nothing . Peter has high aspirations , but he just so happens to have a plan to make this work . Or not work , as the case may be.This is one of the funniest comedies ever about a guy with a `` case of the Mondays '' , the Tuesdays , the Wednesdays , the Thursdays and the Fridays . Occasionally his boss has him work extra hours , so there are times when he has a case of the weekends as well.Buy this movie today , but make sure to pass it around so that everyone can see it .
 Office space is a classic movie for your typical cubical worker . I have the DVD version and it looks kind of pix-elated on some screens in certain scenes . I have n't noticed it on my LCD screen with his blue ray version so I am a happy camper .
 One of my favorite movies . Movie was just as advertised . Arrived promptly and as described . Truly explains life in cubie land .
 I have rented this movie many , many times over the years . Now that I own it , I believe that I will see it many more times !!!
 This is one of my favorite comedies . Why ? Because it 's not one of those movies that only relies on tired and crude offensive sex jokes and gross out humor . -LRB- And yes , those are fine as well . You 'll notice that I did n't really have a problem with `` Freddy got Fingered . '' It just gets overplayed too much . -RRB- The movie is actually ingenious with a great story , plot , and a terrific cast of characters.Peter Gibbons is living through Hell twenty-four-seven . He works for a corporation that has eight bosses barking orders at him everyday . It seems like it just gets worse everyday . Well , that all changes when his eyes are open and his mind is at ease . He realizes that the answer to his solution is to not care anymore . And that 's exactly what he does.I loved everything about this movie . All of the characters are unique in each way . But I must say , Milton steals the show . The mumbling man is played by the very hillarious Stephen Root . He really is the show-stopper . Keep a close eye on him.This movie is so realistic , it hurts . Especially if you work at that kind of an environment . Come on , how many times have you been stuck in traffic and it seems like everyone is moving except for the people in your lane ? This movie takes all of the elements that take place at a work place and magnifies it a hundred times over . It 's so funny ... it 's painful to watch at times.The DVD could 've been better . No eye-popping special features . It 's a shame , since this is such a great movie , and is loved by a lot of people . Still , it 's the CONTENT that counts . The picture and sound quality was really good . `` Office Space '' is a hillarious laugh-riot that will hook you from the start . Check it out as soon as you can . In a world filled with terrible comedies , it 's refreshing to know that good ones still exist and are still being made . See this movie ! Chances are you will love it .
 If you survive a commute every morning that makes `` Soylent Green '' seem like a paradise , only to spend your life in a cubicle doing entirely meaningless work that becomes obsolete before it 's even finished and has no effect at all on anyone 's life -- which probably describes 4/5 of Americans , since there are very few jobs outside of corporate America anymore -- then this movie is for you . Mike Judge hits the bullseye on every aspect of cubicle life , and Ron Livingston , as protagonist Pete Gibbons , manages to say everything every cube-dweller wishes he or she could say
 Office Space is one of the best comedies , ever.Its hilarity is often surpassed by its proximity to realism , which makes this movie ten times funnier.I ca n't really say anything that has n't been said before , but I would just like to add that if you somehow do n't like Office Space , you probably drive a Porsche , have your own parking space , and wear suspenders . Fudgepacker .
 I have a theory about upward mobility as it exists in a corporate workplace -LRB- actually , I 've been relaying this theory for so long that I no longer remember if it is my own , or if I 've stolen it from someone smarter than I ; If it 's the latter , I apologize for my thievery -RRB- . If one is ambitious enough , and good enough at their job , they will get promoted . If they are still ambitious , and good enough at this new job , they will get promoted again . This process continues until said person reaches the limits of their abilities . Then they are promoted one last time , into a job that they ca n't possibly handle . This is where they stay for the rest of their working lives . I 've seen it happen time and time again at my place of work , and it 's this kind of sophistic reasoning that gets spoofed so mercilessly -- and so perfectly -- in `` Office Space '' . Writer/Director Mike Judge has crafted a spot on depiction of office life in the latter part of the twentieth century . Technology has advanced to such a degree that those who fail to understand it are either relegated to being its slaves -LRB- a running joke here has a nefarious fax machine tormenting two programmers -RRB- or promoted to management . Those in the latter category , made obsolete by technological advancements and having no real duties themselves , are relegated to becoming bothersome micromanagers , in the hopes that their stock rises a quarter of a point . Everyone is worried about job security , and rightly so , for the average worker is about as interchangeable as the coffee machine , and respected less . And anyone with any semblance of a soul is constantly involved in bemoaning the wastefulness of their lives.Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingstone -RRB- is one such troubled soul . He 's involved in his company 's Y2K readiness project -LRB- with the benefit of hindsight , the pointlessness of this task is made even more pointed -RRB- . But he despises his job . Tormented by ennui but hampered by lethargy , he sees no way out . A fateful visit to a career-counseling hypnotist frees him from his shackles , by allowing him to relax into his job . His newfound candidness is , of course , rewarded with a promotion . Livingstone imbues Peter with a bland everymaness that is at once appealing and relatable . He is surrounded by a madcap menagerie of accurately depicted office drones.David Herman -LRB- as the unfortunately named Michael Bolton -RRB- and Ajay Naidu play Peter 's clueless programmer buddies , rebellious enough to constantly plot against the company , but too scared to do anything about it . The three of them share my favourite scene in the movie , when the aforementioned fax machine is smuggled out of the office , and beaten mercilessly with a baseball bat . Judge handles the scene like a hit in a mob movie , or a drive-by shooting , adding aggressive hip-hop music to the soundtrack , to play up the ridiculousness of the situation . The scene is played as horrific , but turns out truly hilarious . Other office citizens include John C. McGinley and Paul Willson , who play gleefully insipid consultants , brought in to give the company an excuse to downsize , and Richard Riehle as a paranoid lifer , whose job may or may not be redundant.The biggest cheers in the cast go to Gary Cole and Stephen Root . The former plays VP Bill Lumbergh . He 's every employee 's worst nightmare
 This is a hilarious spoof of work in corporate hell ! Anyone that has worked in an office environment in their lifetime will instantly relate to the frustration of the lead characters . An excellent performance by a mostly unknown cast . This movie had me -LRB- and others -RRB- in stitches throughout ! A comedy classic for the 90 's , this is at the top of my all-time funniest movies list ! Do n't even think twice , buy it , you will want to watch this one over and over again !
 I trust you 've all read your memos concerning the new TPS cover sheets ! Sure to acheive cult status - like `` The Big Lebowski '' - this is a pleasantly funny film whose skewering of all things office-related just seems to get better with each viewing . Too many great bits - you 'll be repeating many of them amongst yourselves - to list . Let down only by a rather abrupt and all too pat ending , it 's good-natured satire nevertheless projects an underlying bleakness that underscores its relevance.I mean who ca n't relate to the scene where the sublimely hypnotically indiferent Livingston is promoted to management !
 The movie is absolutely essential for anyone who has ever had a crappy job . This is one of the most brilliantly constructed films I 've ever seen , and will make you laugh out loud.The DVD is a bit disappointing though , as there is like nothing else on it . A special edition with commentary , outtakes etc. would be really nice .
 I have to tell you , `` Office Space '' is not only one of THE greatest comedies of all time , but the movie itself remains relevant to this day and age , maybe even moreso than when it first came out in 1999 ... perhaps it was ahead-of-it 's time ??? That happens.Anyhoo , anyone who sees this comedy will be able to relate , ESPECIALLY if they have ever worked in a dead-end office job ... sure , some of it goes over the top , but it 's done in such an original and witty way , that it only adds to it 's hilariousness , with memorable characters like poor Milton , LOL !!! None of this ever gets old , and the movie has an overabundance of quotable lines ... the essential ingredients of a cult classic , just as I like it . The US version of the show `` The Office '' WISHES it could be as grand as `` Office Space '' ... Now , this reissue -LRB- `` with flair '' -RRB- is perfectly timed , with a wealth of even more good stuff , hilarious packaging , the works ... now , if you go to BestBuy and get their exclusive special edition ... this is really cool ... it comes in a funny mini cardboard file cabinet -LRB- you have to see it to believe it -RRB- , filled with useful and meaningful stuff ... besides the nicely packaged DVD -LRB- in the file cabinet slipcase -RRB- , you get a magnet photoholder , red pen + pencil set -LRB- with the movie logo on both -RRB- , a mousepad designed like the uniforms at `` Chotchkies '' -LRB- overload of pins aka `` flair '' -RRB- , a notepad with the `` Initech '' logo as a header , a coffee mug -LRB- with the boss and fave quote on it -RRB- , and and AND ????? Your very own RED STAPLER -LRB- with `` Office Space '' printed on top -RRB- , woohoo !!!! Milton 'd be jealous ... and you do n't have to annoy him or go down to his desert island to get one , YES !!! All in all , just getting this DVD itself is just a must-buy , with all the extras and classic movie -LRB- people will be quoting this and watching it regularly in 20 years , guaranteed -RRB- , but getting this file cabinet is too good for words ... meaningful to the movie AND useful -LRB- unlike the useless `` Deluxe Edition '' of `` The Big Lebowski '' , which you 're better off with just the reissued DVD itself ... save the cash -RRB- !!!!
 This was a requested gift from my son for Christmas . It was very easy to order -LRB- this grandmother thanks you for that ! , and my son was very happy to receive it .
 I purchased the DVD for my husband for christmas . It is my husbands all time favorite DVD and i think that everyone that works in an office setting can relate to it . I also purchased a red swingline stapler with it and my husband was in heaven ... Good present for people that already have everything and that are hard to buy for .
 This low-budget sleeper from the mind of Mike Judge is a quirky , funny film that cuts to the quick of corporate America . It skewers the hierarchy of the typical soul-stealing , cookie-cutter/cubby-hole workplace . You 'll never look at a stapler in quite the same way again .
 How much we like a movie often depends on how closely we can relate it to our own lives or how far it allows us to escape from our own lives . Office Space is that rare movie that meets both these needs . Everyone who has worked in an office will relate to someone in the movie . This brilliantly low-key and low-budget film manages to mock life as a corporation myrmidon in America in just about every possible way.Have you been downsized ? You 'll love Office Space for its brilliant take on consultants . Have you lived in Dallas , Texas , the capital city of Generica ? You 'll love Office Space for its acerbic portrayal of life as an apartment rat . Have you been the pawn of intraoffice political power struggles ? You 'll love Office Space for the character Milton played by Stephen Root.The only people who wo n't love Office Space are those with IQs in the sub-100 range and corporate vice presidents . Sorry Lundbergh but I accidentally wiped my butt with the TPS reports .
 The movie is an A + and the features are a B. I did n't buy it for the features though , awesome DVD .
 I love this movie ! I worked at a video store during college , and I reccomended this to all kinds of people . It was one of the few movies that everyone could find something to laugh at while watching it . Peter is an average Joe who hates almost everything about his average office job . When his hyptomism goes wrong , he stops caring , and surprisingly does better at work . When his two friends are laid off the three hatch a plan to get some money out of the company , but nothing works out as planned .
 This movie rocks . Anybody who has a job should find it funny . Especially if you HATE your job . lol . Everytime I watch it , I find more things to laugh about . The characters work so well together and remind me so much of people that I know in my own life .
 This movie is so funny , my husband and I ca n't get enough of it . This is not one for kids to watch with lots of bad language and rap songs in this movie . A lot of the business aspects of this movie you can relate in some way or another . I highly recommend this movie if you want a good laugh !
 This is in my top 5 movies of all time . My other favorites include Monty Python The Holy Grail , and Dumb and Dumber .
 This has been a favorite of mine for a while , if you hav n't seen it then treat yourself , if you have then you know what I mean !
 OFFICE SPACE either suffered from bad marketing or poor distribution because I had never heard of it nor did many of my movie-going friends . When I saw it on cable , I kept asking myself , `` Where did this come from ? '' While the film occasionally breaks down in predictable sequences and cheap shots , it really does hold together remarkably well . This is one of the better written , directed and acted comedies in a long time . Even though the late 90 's office world it illustrates is long gone , muddle-headed supervisors , know-nothing consultants , and very weird office workers are not . Enjoy this movie !
 An amazing movie . This movie should be a prescribed `` study '' for business schools and Computer science science courses . Watching first 40 minutes of the movie was like watching my life ... simply awesome and hilarous . I must have watched this movie like 50 times but every time I have enjoyed every second of it .
 If there is one movie that perfectly describes the banal , soul crushing world of corporate cubicle life , this is it . Of course it is exaggerated , but this movie still rings true to anyone who has had the misfortune of having to endure the corporate setting ... This movie gets better every time . The more you hate your job , the more you will love it . Buy this video and stick it to the man ! -LRB- Actually I 'm pretty sure if you do buy it the profits will go to some huge corporation ... -RRB- Oh well , you get the point . Great movie .
 Yeah ... Murderously funny movie . So many very strong characters that it just could n't fail . No surprise , with Mike -LRB- Beavis and Butthead -RRB- Judge at the helm.Office Space brilliantly captures the mind-numbing tedium of repetitive code debugging projects in the run up to the December 31st , 1999 deadline . -LRB- The M Bug was a genuine problem , in that ANY computer code based on the concept that tomorrow 's date must be numerically larger than any previous date WOULD fall over . -RRB- While the superb Gary Cole steals the show as the intensely irritating boss Bill Lumburgh , whose coffee mug never leaves his hand -LRB- even when he is making love to Jennifer Aniston in a fantasy sequence -RRB- , every member of the cast gives 1000 % . Rather than give away any specific details of the plot , I will just add that OS contains many sharp and witty insights into the ritual dance of modern office life , played out by the craziest collection of characters ever assembled in one movie . For that reason , it is scarily close to reality.Great ... Yeah ...
 When this movie came out to rent I new I had to rent it because I had not been able to see it at the theater.The poblem was it was checked out and video store usally has like 10 videos of a new release , so I knew it Had to be good.When I finally got to see it I thought it was so funny that Ikept rewinding it just see the parts I missed ! I 'm going to get this DVD today.If your looking for a great laugh , Rent this , See this , Buy this
 The shipping was very prompt , thank you . The disc was scratched though , which was not disclosed .
 Milton is the funniest movie character in years . Office Space is a pure example of comedic genius . The acting and story line take back stage to outrageous laughs and gags that never fail to deliver.It 's honestly the most unreal story in the world , but it 's a way that the common man can live vicariously through the actors . Who has n't wanted to really just sluff off at work ? Who has n't felt underappreciated ? Who has n't thought that the office itself would fall apart if they left?One word of caution to take from this , however . Do n't steal your co-worker 's stapler !
 This is one of my all-time favorite movies . It 's about this guy and his friends who work for a computer company who , for all the obvious reasons in corporate America , hate their jobs , so they plot and plan this massive scheme to transfer the company 's earnings into their own account.Though produced in 1999 , it 's surprisingly not dated , as I just recently viewed it again . It is hilarious , with quotable lines that you remember for years to come . I think people who are in an office environment can appreciate it the most , yet I do n't work in one myself and still fully grok the humor . I do n't think the acting is particularly good , but the dialogue makes up for it.There are some very funny sub-plots that add to the main one , like Jennifer Aniston 's flair . My favorite character is Milton , because he is so quirky and over-the-top funny . And of course Lumberg , the boss everyone loves to hate !
 The movie is absolutley hilarious and anyone who has ever had an office job will love this movie . It expresses the views of the average american who hates thier job and will do almost anything to ad excitement to thier life . The main characters in this movie did an excellent job acting there part and were absolutley hilarious .
 I have seen this movie and think it is halarious . This is a movie that almost anyone can easily relate to . Holding a job is n't usually people 's problem ... it 's enjoying it that they usually find hard . These guys hated everything about their job ... especially their boss -LRB- Lumberg -RRB- . Unless you can find something about your job that you enjoy doing , it is very hard to make it through the day . So unless you can find something about the job you have that you enjoy , you are probably better off looking for a new one because one of these days you just may break down and do something stupid ...
 Office Space was one of the best movies I have seen in a long time . It had many wisecracks that were unexpected and a twist at the end of the story that you assumed would happen did . This is a must see for anyone in the business community .
 Funny , Hilarious , and just lots of fun to watch . A great movie to just relax to and have a few laughs . The characters were just as funny as the script , great job on this film .
 Probably the funniest movie about corporate America that I have EVER seen . From disgruntled employees to annoying co-workers , this movie has it all . A definate buy . If you enjoy movies like Caddy Shack and Princess Bride , you will love this .
 This comedy is really absolutely magnificent . I laughed my head off each of the twelve times I have seen it . I saw two times and then I decided to tape it to keep it forever . Incredible film . You have to see it now .
 I 've just started studying an MBA in the U.S. -LRB- I am going through my second semester -RRB- , and I saw this film a couple of weeks ago . The first ten minutes did not tell me anything good , since it seemed one of those low budget , `` C '' type , uninteresting comedies that invite you to switch channel.I am glad I did n't , because we eventually had a lot of fun with the dialogs and situations , a long discussion after the film was finished , and I saw lots of things that have to do with my management courses ... Very recommendable , either to de-stress , or to realize that THAT -LRB- all the bad karma and nonsense by people who just want to control you and your life -RRB- is what you want to avoid , by all means . On the job , or in everyday life ...
 This movie is hilarious . Mike Judge directed a great movie that has gone relatively unnoticed . You will feel like you have met alot of the characters because they are all so diverse . Everyone knows a Michael Bolton , Milton , guy with the `` oh face '' quote , etc. . The cubicle satire is great and brought back alot of memories for me .
 What a funny movie ! And I mean funny in the sense of clever dialogue , witty characters , humorous jabs at work life , that kind of funny . Unlike a lot of the gross-out comedies of late , -LRB- Austin Powers 2 , Big Daddy , American Pie , There 's Something About Mary , etc. -RRB- , this movie relied on a humorous situation we could all relate to . That boss or manager we all HATE . Those confusing mindboggling printer and computer programs . When your finger gets shocked by the metal doorknob . These are honest laughs that are cleverly constructed.Of course , I would like to say that a few of those gross-out comedies I DID LIKE . I 'm just saying that it 's refreshing when a comedy film comes out that does n't use toilet humor or sex jokes.I wish there could have been more features on this DVD , though . Aside from the trailer for the film , there is n't anything else . By the way , I LOVE THE TRAILER ! Last January when I saw the trailer for the first time , it was the first time I had heard Fatboy Slim 's `` The Rockafeller Skank '' . It took me forever to find out what that song was in the commercial . Now it 's my current fave.Getting back to the flick , I love Ron Livingston 's everyman performance . Gary Cole is continuing his reign of comic hilarity as the boss `` Lumbergh '' . I thought `` Michael Bolton '' and his gangsta ' rap was hilarious ! The only underwritten cheesy role was Jennifer Aniston as the `` girlfriend '' . I would totally give this FIVE stars had they developed Jennifer Aniston 's character and if they had put `` The Rockafeller Skank '' in the actual movie . Love that song !
 If you 've seen trailers/previews for this movie that make it look lame , ignore them . I saw this movie as an `` Oh this will do I suppose '' selection from Blockbuster , and found it HILARIOUS . The Bill Lundberg -LRB- the boss -RRB- character is a hysterical characature ; I 've been exchanging Lundberg quotes with a friend I work with for over a month . Get a six pack and a big bag of chips , call some of the people from your office and kick back and enjoy . Moments to watch for ? ... listen to the lead character explain to Jennifer Aniston his new approach to his job .
 The funnier points of this movie are often the most subtle , like the bland dialogue , mannerisms and appearances of some of the characters . I ca n't say I was in a rush to see this movie , I 'm no Beavis and Butthead fan , so hearing `` From the maker of ... '' on the ads for this film turned me off to seeing it right away.But I must say , Mike Judge must know what it 's like to be trapped in cubicle-ville . Truly captures that stilted , HR-arbitrated atmosphere.Having both a particularly bad HR exec & VP of engineering at my first job has helped mold me into the incredibly cynical young man I am today , making the humor here all the more accessable.Those with similar experiences will be able to fully appreciate this movie .
 Office Space is a funny , laugh out loud , side splitting movie . I just got a job in a office -LRB- like the movie -RRB- . Me and several co-workers were talking about this movie at lunch . One of my favorite parts was when all the guys are beating up the fax machine . I would recomend this movie to anyone who works in an office or even people who do n't .
 I 'll make this simple . You will either love or hate this movie . If youve EVER worked in a cubicle in an office , with co-workers and over-managing bosses you will rank this as one of your all-time favorite comedies ... . On the other hand , if youve never worked in this environment you might find this to be one of the most strange and non-sensical movies ever . It comes down to being able to relate firsthand to almost all the things that make this movie so great . I was laughing from the very first scene -LRB- traffic -RRB- to the very end , -LRB- milton -RRB- . Perhaps the best comedy of 1999 .
 This is one of those movies that sneaks up on you . I do n't even remember it being released , but here we are 2 years later and it 's on Comedy Central every 20 minutes and it 's just something you have to have seen , because otherwise when you ask what someone does and they say `` oh , I have one of those Office Space jobs '' you wo n't know what they 're talking about . And they will say that . I did enjoy the movie , do n't get me wrong . But watching it was more something I did because as a recent college graduate I just had to have seen it if I was going to be culturally literate . Really , I should be able to quote from it , so I need to see it a couple more times.There 's kind of an early Kevin Smith feel to the whole thing . Like , Clerks or Mallrats . By that I mean the characterization is n't super deep and the acting is n't Oscar material , but they do n't have to be because the dialogue and situations are on target . Obviously I do n't mean most of us are embezzling , but the set-up and the fantasy are realistic . It 's funny and close to a lot of people 's lives , and it 's kind of nice to see normalish lives in a movie . Jennifer Aniston is good , as she generally is , but underused . Maybe the other actors are underused , but since I have n't seen them in anything else , I could n't know that .
 If you 've ever worked at a hi-tech firm , gone through the ups and downs of the industry , and lived to see another day - well , this movie is for you !! Charged with oh so true scenes that seem to be taken from real life , this amazing movie is just the right flavor of humor so many of us out there crave for.Mike Judge outdid himself this time , bringing us a movie that is just ... TERIFFIC . -- Oren .
 okay so this isnt the best movie around . but if you watch it with some of your good friends and you are looking for laughs i GARUNTEE this will deliver it is great and has some great lines too . did i say it wasnt the best well it is darn close . and for 14 bucks like they are selling i know im going to take advantage and i suggest that you do too .
 When I first saw this movie , I did not find it that funny because I did not know how a day in an office job went . However , after I worked in such an environment , I rerented this movie and I laughed till my stomach hurt . Peter , Michael Bolton and the guy with the name nobody can say played corporate slaves to a T. My favorite part of the movie is when they are in Peter 's apartment dancing like fools . Overall , I would recommend this movie to anyone who has worked in an office for any amount of time , you will see yourself in this movie !!
 This is one of those movies that 'll jerk your chain . I can so easily relate to all the office BS in this movie , since I worked 30 something years in one of those damn cubicles . When the two conslutants came to do a work force reduction , it brought back some difficult memories . The humor , however , did a great job of removing the edge off of the reality . This is another fine performance by Jennifer Aniston , and Mike Judge did a super job too . He made it all so believable . The ending was outta sight ! I loved it . Every working stiff in America needs to see this movie ; it 'll make your day .
 I enjoyed this movie so much the first time that I got charged for 3 weeks of late fees from Blockbuster . I could n't stop watching it . Now , I 'm buying it .
 This is the first successful attempt to bring out the culture of corporate america . ... . Office Space accurately portrays the injustice , ineficiency , hypocrisy , and lack of common sense that plagues big companies . ... ... . The movie also shows how management seems to ignore obvious irresponsible behavior of some while focusing on others who commit relatively small faults ... . The movie shows the obvious and we laugh , but would n't be great if corporate cnsultants used this movie as a training tool - FOR MANAGEMENT - of what NOT TO DO ! May be this is the begining of the end of hypocrisy . Good job Mike Judge ! Please make a sequel .
 This is my favorite movie EVER . . if you 've ever thought `` man i 'd just like to do nothing , and not go to work '' -LRB- Which is everyone -RRB- you will LOVE this movie !! I watch it like once a week . and have for the past 5 years!It 's so funny !!
 this is by far the best comedy ever created . i wtch it at least twice a week ... at least . look , as everyone said , the movie is extremely quotable , hilaroius sand real , . etc. but please guys , dont make reviiews giving away all of the bloody funny spots . you 'll ruin it ! for ur own good , do notlook a the review made on nov. 21 titled mike judge kin of comedy , its horrible , its a movie critic gone to giving away secrets ... peace
 This movie has a great , subtle pace that for the most part does n't try to hit you over the head with the comedy -LRB- but do n't worry , it 's hilarious -RRB- . It 's really nice , and fun to watch . I 've seen it countless times and reading these reviews just makes me want to watch it again.The movie 's got some really great lines you 'll probably find yourself saying here and there , and discovering unexpected Office Space fans around you in the process.And if for nothing else , you 've got to watch it to see Lumbergh . A truly great character and truly a great performance by Gary Cole .
 This is a fantastic comedy . It 's sort of like watching Dilbert on the screen . I absolutely loved it . People who work in cubicles in particular will probably be able to relate to a lot of the comical situations . It 's a definite keeper for me . I 'm going to be including it in my dvd collection .
 Any engineer , programmer , or anyone else who works in a tech-based office needs to see this movie . It 's Dilbert in live action , and so true it hurts to watch.The movie has a style all its own , and is a treat to view and own .
 I do n't remember hearing about Office Space when it was in the theatres , and I do n't know how well it did at the box office . All I know is I am SO glad that I was introduced to the greatness that is Office Space ! My boyfriend relates to the tech office setting , but I have never been in the characters ' situation , and I still love this movie ; it is for anyone and everyone ! The characters are hilarious and over-the-top , yet still relatable . Some of the characters
 Any one who has ever worked in an office should buy this movie . This has to be the funniest film I have seen to date ! I have yet to grow tired of it and I must have seen it over 50 times!The `` beat down '' scene is just too real , I think the writers must have hidden cameras at my job.Just a little side note : Make sure you have plenty of space to roll around when you begin to laugh . You will be doubled over for some time after watching this !
 Every Software Engineer -LRB- SE -RRB- should watch this . You will swear you are seeing your life on film . It is good enough to warrant 4 stars for the general public , but 5 stars for SEs . I put off seeing it for a long time because I had seen so many other office movies that were awful . This one was pretty good . The ending gets cut off rather abruptly and the outcome was not exactly what I would want -- which is why this movie is so true to life . The acting , the sets , everything is `` normal '' , but still done at a high production-quality level .
 This movie is a classic . Mike Judge , the man who brought the world `` Beavis and Butthead , '' surprizingly brings us an increadibly clever , fun , and a `` God I wish I could do that '' movie . Every one who has ever worked in an office will see this movie as the gospell . People can associate with every character in the film . Ron Livingston , also a bit part in `` Swingers '' was a wonderful lead . He plays the `` stand up and fight the man '' role to perfection . Well done , fun , and a must have in any DVD collection . Well worth the money , and something you 'll watch over and over and laugh each time .
 What makes good comedy really funny is an element of truth . Office Space has more than just an element . Who has n't worked in an office setting , and heard those words , `` What 's the matter with you , did n't you get that memo ? '' , or something to that effect . The whole film is about a working `` life '' in a dull office that is very reality based . It makes me wonder if Mike Judge spent all of his time working in an office job that he hated , before going on to create Beavis and Butthead.The movie offers loads of belittling contempt for those condescending and overbearing office managers and for those brought in to assist with the downsizing of a company . The movie even offers a way out for the protagonist in the story . Watching his story made me think that the way he drifted away from his life of each day being worse than the next might just work . Ron Livingston reminded me of Ferris Buehler in this movie , which was a good thing.The movie has plenty of laughs for those that have worked any kind of office job . It would be so funny ... if it were n't so true , but you 'll laugh anyway.As a DVD , the movie in this medium does n't offer that much . I 'm still looking for the easter eggs on this disc , but have n't found any .
 Hilarious ! Stephen Root -LRB- Milton -RRB- should have gotten an Academy Award . It 's his movie , shared with Gary Cole .
 Delightfully funny comedy , a parody of office style working with great memorable quotes and funny antics . I do n't think this is a movie to watch over and over again . It was nice to see once but I would n't watch it again , at least for a while . I pretty much already have all of the funny quotes memorized so there is really no sense in watching it over again.Peter Gibbons , is just not doing great ! He is not doing good with his girlfriend , his neighbor is obnoxious , and he is miserable at his office job and just does not seem to be going anywhere in life until a hypnotic suggestion makes him see the world through different eyes . Free of worrying from just about everything , Peter cruises through the company . When company layoffs affect his two best friends , he decides to affect the company a little by embezzling money from their account .
 This film is for anyone who has ever had a job they hated , which should mean everyone . It basically does what everyone is thinking about doing , ie leaving work early , avoiding the boss , destroying work property , stealing , and does it in a very comical way . I am almost positive it even boosted the sales of the red Swingline staplers .
 Classic movie ... very funny to anyone that 's ever worked in an office . Especially if you 've ever jammed a printer or fax machine !! The more you watch this movie the funnier it is . It is one of those you find yourself quoting and talking about later without realizing it .
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time ! We had it in VHS and finally bought it on DVD , too . If you have n't seen it and you have ever worked in an office , you MUST see it ! Classic .
 Exactly why i quit my office job , I laughed so hard , all while an intense anger grew inside me towards my old bosses . Damn printer ! # @@ # @ , i hate you.The movie stays funny and on track at first , well at least through 3/4 of the movie and starts to get a little to serious at the end . However i own , love it , seen it too damn many times now .
 I believe this movie started off as a 2 minute cartoon skit on Saturday Night Live , but that ca n't compare to the laughs that this movie will bring you . You 'll want to get this movie , believe me ... But instead of getting this movie , you may want to consider getting the limited edition collecters disc as it 's loaded with extras !!
 I loved this movie ! For me it summarized corporate life as I knew it ! Y2K , multiple bosses , mission statements , downsizing , marginal job security , consultants , cubicles , the tedium and frustration of commuting , etc. . I laugh everytime I watch this movie . If you have ever worked in the technology field during Y2K and after , you have to see this movie !!!
 this movie is an absolute classic and holds up to repeated viewings.I would have liked more extra features but all in all a great film and probably the first one to show Jennifer Aniston 's fine touch with comedy - a dry wit that had rarely been seen prior to this film . For those who are n't crazy about her , this is the film to make you love her .
 When I first saw this little film , it was aired on Comedy Central with none of the fanfare that it should have received since it 's initial release . In fact , Office Space has reached cult status for a reason . It 's funny , witty , and always makes you laugh . The cast includes Jennifer Aniston in a supporting role as the waitress/girlfriend of Ron Livingston 's character who has an epiphany during a group therapy session . Alex Wentworth plays his girlfriend in her shorter role . Anyway , I do n't remember the man who plays the Arab employee and friend of Ron 's character but he should be applauded for his role . Newsradio Stephen Root should have his own sitcom for his performance as Milton , the poor picked on employee who reaches a breaking point in the film . Diedrich Bader plays the neighbor next door who offers wisdom to Ron 's character in the film . Mad TV 's alum Gregory Herman plays another colleague and computer geek . Another Mad TV alum Orlando Jones plays a guy selling magazines door to door . HE turns out not to be the person you think he is . Gary Cole has a memorable performance as the boss who thinks he knows it all but does n't know anything . Movies like Office Space make me understand what we have become for those of us in the office . Imagine , if we just did n't have to work anymore . That would be heaven for me .
 If you have n't seen this you are a bigger dork than Milton ; If you gave it anything but 5 stars , you are stupider than Lumburg . This is one of the best movies out there . Do n't watch it for some deep plot , or complex storyline . Just watch it and enjoy the characters and dialogue .
 Just a classic for anyone familiar with the office environment and resulting atmosphere and politics ...
 If you 've ever worked in an office setting , you 've got ta see this movie . It follows Peter , a bored software engineer , as he deals with corporate downsizing , self-important management and bonehead corporate consultants . Although this movie is set at a software company in Texas , it could have easily been set in any state in most any office.I actually saw this movie in the theater when I was still in college . I thought it was funny , but I could n't fully appreciate the office humor . That 's what makes this movie so funny . It 's not the great American movie , it 's not deep and it 's not trying to be anything it 's not . It 's just a very funny and smart look at common situations and charactatures of people we all seem to have in our workplaces . I think everyone 's gotten to the point where we just do n't want to go back to work the next day , and we just do n't care enough to tell the boss that we 're not showing up anymore.You definitely wo n't catch everything the first time you see this movie . You wo n't catch all of Milton 's -LRB- played by the same guy who was the station owner on NBC 's News Radio -RRB- mumblings about his Swingline stapler and about the squirrels he used to watch outside his window . One of the corporate consultants is played by the same guy who plays Dr. Cox on NBC 's Scrubs , and he has some of my favorite lines as he interviews Peter 's friend , Michael Bolton -LRB- no need to say more ! -RRB- . Jennifer Aniston has a minor role , and she simply comes across as a ditzy waitress.The downside to the DVD is it is simpler than the movie . There 's really no extras other than a trailer . It would have been great to have had some outtakes , because you can really tell that these actors had fun making this movie .
 perry1@stjoelive.com - came through with a delivery 4 days before Christmas . Excellent
 mike judge is a true tripper!this is right on par with his animated hits `` king of the hill `` and `` beavis and butthead '' . blue collars might not get it , but try it anyways !
 ummm yeah ... this has to be the funniest movie ever mmmmkay ...
 if you work in the office , you 'll understand .
 I left the corporate world 2 years ago and have n't looked back . I was also a computer programmer so I can relate on many different levels with this movie . All time classic ! Remember
 Awesome film and great edition . Lots of extras with the cast and crew and even a few games and several deleted scenes . If you love the film you 're gon na love this bluray special edition .
 I purchased this through Prime as an extra Christmas gift for the household . We have n't had a chance to watch it yet , but I 've seen the movie before . It 's one of the best movies ever , and I wo n't even say what I paid for it on here because I do n't know what they 're asking for it now . I just know that I got an exceptional deal , I think it was a gold box or something . I 'm looking forward to watching this version to see what the special flair is all about , but I did get a great price on this , shipping was fast through prime and I 'm happy with my purchase .
 The humor in this movie is timeless and for anyone who works in an office I bet you can relate to many of the characters in this film . It was hard for me to rent because it was alway `` out '' so I decided to buy it . I do n't buy many movies since I seldom watch them more than once but this is one I can watch over and over . The price was great especially for Blu-ray !
 One of my favorite `` I hate work '' type of movies of all time ! A must watch ! Instant classic ! I definitely recommend this .
 It was a gift so I do n't know how good it was but there must not be a problem because I 've not heard anything bad .
 Classic special edition bluray of a movie for the price of a rental -LRB- 5.99 -RRB- ? Why NOT buy this . As long as you watch it once -LRB- and you 'll likely watch it more -RRB- , you 'll have gotten your money 's worth .
 Excellent movie and it is a must see classic , especially if you have a job as an office worker . You will see the extra humor in the movie since it is easy to relate to . Some may think it is an exaggeration of the norm but you 'd be surprised at what goes on in a regular office cubicle job .
 The humor in this movie never gets old . It 's easily one of my top 5 favorite movies . Of course , I work in that type of office environment , and can relate so well to this movie , so that could be a factor .
 Like the movie so I bought it . Received the dvd in great condition . Was very satisfied .
 If you work in an office environment or have a stressfull job , this movie rocks ... you will point out a dozen thing and go `` oooo oooo i know that ! '' I now have this DVD playing on a dedicated TV and DVD player 24/7 ... Kinda reminds you of Dilbert ... Favorite movie of all time ...
 If you are an office worker , Office Space hits home . We all know the characters and the situations and being able to laugh at them is very cathartic , and boy do you laugh . This story is filled with strange characters and they all make you laugh , plus there 's a plot !
 This is an absolute must own dvd . Some of the reviewers here have made it very clear why you should have this dvd in your collection . A top 10 comedy of all time !
 This movie is absolutely incredible . Stephen Root makes this movie a classic with his `` I will set the building on fire '' lines . No one could have performed this part better . All of us have had a job like this . That fax machine that says there is a paper jam when there is no paper jam . That boss who just does n't get that you might have a life outside of work . Those thoughts about stealing millions from the company . And most importantly , that dream we have all had about seeing the building go up in flames . Ahhhh , poetic justice .
 A delightfully funny and heart warming romantic comedy -LRB- with emphasis on comedy -RRB- which was the first time I saw Ron Livingston acting ; he plays Peter Gibbons . He is extremely funny as a somewhat pathetic and alienated office worker -LRB- computer programmer -RRB- who is used and abused by the computer software company he works for as is his two friends.After a botches hypnosis session that is supposed to make Peter content with his life as a computer programmer but instead emboldens him to live his life completely disregarding any consequences regarding his work -LRB- like fishing instead of working , sleeping in until 11:00 am then showing up for work for a few hours and then leaving -RRB- , `` consultants '' advise him that his two buddies , fellow programmers Michael Botton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- and Samir -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- , two of the best programmers and most senior employees will be fired to save money by outsourcing their programming to India . Peter convinces his two friends help him defraud the company they work for at the rate of few pennies a day using a computer virus designed by David so that after several years they will have a tidy nest egg in savings.Peter , thanks to the hypnosis session , finds the boldness he previously lacked and begins dating Joanna -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- ; quickly they fall in love . Unfortunately , his romance is interrupted when he checks how Michael 's virus is working . In one day , the computer program that should have collected a couple pennies collects over a $ 100,000 . Faced with certain discovery , Peter 's friendship with Samir and Michael as well as his romance with Joanna are shattered , and Peter plans to turn himself in while taking all the blame for the crime so that his friends will remain free.While on the way to the police and jail , Peter notices a fire -LRB- set by a different disgruntled employee -RRB- that burns down the computer company he works for , thus destroying all the incriminating accounting documents that might trace him to the crime ; BTW , the money is also destroyed by the fire.This intended act of self-sacrifice regains the friendship of Samir and Michael , as well as the respect of Joanna . Thus , Peter is saved from jail , is reunited with his love , and regains the friendship of his two closest friends.This rather low budget film I found tastefully funny , relevant to contemporary feelings of alienation and hostility to companies out to make money at the expense of exploiting employees , and full of well written script and interesting and original plot.I heartily recommend it to film fans of comedy and/or romantic comedy .
 I love how this dvd came in very good condition , and fast . Love this dvd . I watch it all the time .
 I love this movie . It was on Comedy Central a few times a week one summer and I watched it every time it was on.Like Dilbert , it has something any office worker can relate to but will still be funny regardless of where you work
 I first saw this movie when I was in High School and loved it . It is funny movie all around and I highly recommend it for anyone who ever has trouble at their job or just wants a funny movie : - p
 This movie is full of great one liners and unforgettable comedy . I 'm sure everyone in the working world can relate to it . It 's freakin genius ...
 This movie is about Ron Livingston turning into a sociopath and improbably nailing the ridiculously hot -LRB- at the time -RRB- Jennifer Aniston . That 's all you really need to know .
 if you enjoy being happy and making a lot of noise while viewing a funny movie this dvd is for you .
 I like this movie . Even though it is n't that funny , I still enjoy it a whole bunch . If you 've ever worked in a cubicle , you should really love this movie .
 Do n't listen to this other idiot . You CA N'T find them at BestBuy anymore . Snatch one up here while you can ! It 's a great deal considering they 're disappearing as I type.Buy from brandzmovies . He 's got the best prices and best customer service .
 this movie is funny . if u have a job watch this movie mmmkayy ?
 I was very pleased with the entire transaction and really appreciate the seller 's quick delivery .
 If you are already among all of us working stiffs , pushing buttons for some guy with a fancy car and his own personal parking spot ... what ever you do do n't rent ` Wall Street ' ! ` Office Space ' is one of those few movies that really brings the average day in office to true life . Eventhough there are some overly exageratted scenes in this movie -LRB- oh and they are extremly funny -RRB- , there are so many things I myself pointed at the screen saying ` That happened to me ! ` This movie is not one to be missed it IS the movie you need to watch when you come home from work . The characters are great , Mike Judge even got the stereotypes correct in the software field . There is always a huge woman sitting at the front desk directing calls , there is always an Indian guy -LRB- if you have called Dell computers for assistance you know I am right . -RRB- And yes there is always a geekey looking guy who acts like a hot shot , whom you have to lick the scum off of his shoes everyday just to prevent yourself from getting fired.To Mike Judge and the cast of ` Office Space ' , thank you for showing us all how to stick it to the man because we are all too big of whimps to do it ourselves .
 Wonderful movie ... I LOVE this movie . However , truth must be told that the `` flair '' aspect is seriously lacking in this special edition . Which is a shame because let 's face it there are a million things that would be done to `` flair '' it up from bottons , to post-its , to almost anything office related . It had special features like deleted scenes ... but so many movies have that now that it really is n't all that special . I ca n't stress enough though that it 's a great movie , I just wish the special edition was , well , more special ...
 I got this as a Christmas present at a Secret Santa giftswap and loved it . When I initially opened up the box my first impressions was
 We recently organised a pot luck for our team an I selected this as gift . I sticked yellow note sticker all over the dvd case and left the words `` WORK SUCKS '' visible out side . when one of my co worker picked this gift and read read the sentence there was a big laugh in the room . and when he opened -LRB- removed the stickers -RRB- every one said it was the perfect gift with perfect packing for the occasion.Anyway movie is one of my favourite and must watch .
 This movie is one of the funniest and best parodies of corporate life in America ever ! Anyone who has felt the pain of working for `` the Man '' will think this film is awesome . They just released the special edition dvd - and it is well worth buying . Some great extras , and a classic film to add to the DVD collection
 Although , I do know people who loved this movie and never worked in the so-called `` corporate '' environment . This movie is one of those `` sleepers '' that you never hear of and then it takes everybody by surprise and all of sudden everybody starts talking about it . It 's probably my favorite comedy of all time . The movie was written and directed by a guy named Mike Judge . You might have heard of him , the creator of Beavis and Butthead . How did he come up with an idea for this movie is still beyond my understanding . He probably took Dilbert cartoon character and decided to make a movie about him . The result - one hilarious comedy .
 EASILY the best corporate comedy ever written , hands down . I venture to say it is one of the funniest comedies ever put on the silver screen . The satirical spoofs in this movie are done so well that I literally laugh in my cubical , relating characters in the movie to ACTUAL people at work . Even if you are not one who buys DVDs , -LRB- like myself -RRB- this is easily a must have . The show gets funnier everytime you watch it ... especially when you can walk through those corporate doors M-F and see it in action on a regular basis in real-time , in real-life , on a daily basis in some shape or form . You really have to see this movie at least three times to appreciate its brilliance .
 Ok , a few years ago , I worked for a major HMO last year . I was also confined to a small gray cubicle for 8 hours a day . And after watching Office Space , I quit a month later . Coincidence ? Maybe . But it was like watching my life unfold on screen ! Like having 4 bosses `` remind '' you about a tiny mistake that does n't really matter , the doggone fax machine that is your sworn enemy , and of course the office FREAK , who you know is gon na someday show up to the work place armed ! This movie has it all , and it 's hilarious ! So , if you ever get a case of the `` mondays '' , call in sick , blow off those dang TPS reports , and watch this movie !
 How many times have you woke up on a workday , the feeling of dread so heavy that you feel like you have one of those cartoon anvils around your neck , and you 'd love to `` just not go . '' No phone call pretending illness or lying about a fake catastrophe to the boss , just go back to bed and `` do n't go . '' Then , live vicariously through Peter and watch this movie . Do n't rent it , OWN it . Watch it over and over ! It 's truly comic genius from fellow North Texan Mike Judge , who knocks it out of the park . His previous doings such as King of the Hill and Beavis & Butt-Head should indicate his dry , honest , plain ol' hilarious sense of comedic timing and satire .
 Office Space is simply the greatest . It is hilarious from beginning to end and NOTHING beats it . Peter Gibbons seriously is my hero , hating work and then never having to do any work . The funny thing is he gets a promotion why the guys who work hard get fired . Ah , it is simply a masterpiece . It 's right up there with the big lebowski . Thank god for the man who wrote this , you seriously are my hero .
 I saw this movie in the theaters when it came out , and it was great , but it 's even better at home in the second and third viewings . Mike Judge has created a work which taps into the real life of cubicle dwellers . It looks at office life with humor which works on many levels and satirizes those of us who spend our lives as slaves to our jobs .
 Anyone who has ever worked can relate to this film . Its the sad truth today that most people in fact do not like their jobs , and this movie effictively gets a good laugh out of this fact . I think deep down we are all like Peter , if we had alot of money we probably would just relax and do nothing . For some reason I find myself watching it constantly ... it seems just as good each time I watch it ! It is hilarious and truthful at the same time . I would rank it with Clerks in a tie for the best movie about working schmoes ever made .
 This was seriously one of the best movies I have ever seen . I rented it and watched it 4 times , then skipped to some of the really funny parts and watched them a few more times . It almost gets funnier every time you watch it . A lot of the subtle humor goes unnoticed by some people , but I thought it was all great . Even the parts that are n't hysterically funny are still entertaining . Great movie , must buy !
 Mike Judge , creator of the Milton comic strips and the TV seriesKing of the Hill -LRB- and Beavis & Butthead -RRB- has never been a favorite of mine . But I 've heard many good things about Office Space and I see why . This was a terrific , funny , and entertaining movie . The film is very funny -LRB- a lot of it is subtle humor and it 's charming -RRB- . Ron Livingston plays Peter , a typical working man who works at Initech but hates his job which he views as merely sitting in a cubicle . He works along with two very funny co-workers ; Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- , no relation to the pop star and Samir -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- . After a strange experience with a hypnotist Peter decides he 's just not going to go to work and stay at home . Then he gets a sexy girlfriend Joanna -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- and gets promoted . The film also includes the character that inspired the movie Milton -LRB- Stephen Root , Dodgeball -RRB- who is a mumbling idiot who was laid off from Initech months ago but continues to recieve a paycheck due to a glitch in the system ... As I said it 's subtle humor . One part that I found hilarious was when Michael is sitting in his car rapping along to this hardcore gangster rap , really getting into it and when a black man walks past his car he locks the door . A -
 If Seinfeld is a show about nothing , then Office Space is the hit comedy about one man 's `` dream of doing nothing '' ... Arguably the best work-related comedy ever written , Office Space follows the life of Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- , a computer programmer in his late-20 's who hates his mind-numbing job at Initech Corporation where he updates bank software for the year 2000 switch.Peter is joined by fellow computer programmers Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- . All four men are plagued by the condescending , soul-killing management techniques of their boss , Bill Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- who begins every utterance with a protracted `` Yeah ... '' Completely unhappy with his job and his romantic relationship , Peter whines about his life with his co-workers while drinking coffee at local restaurant , Chotchkie 's , where he 's infatuated with a beautiful waitress , Joanna -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , who is forced by her boss to wear `` pieces of flair '' . Samir and Michael encourage Peter to ask her out , but Peter is too paralyzed by life to do anything about it.All that changes , however , when Peter visits a hypnotherapist with his girlfriend . In the act of sending Peter into a state of total relaxation , the hypnotherapist suffers a heart attack . His untimely death leaves Peter in a perpetual state of relaxation , providing his life with a much needed injection of enjoyment . The next morning , Peter sleeps through work , dumps his girlfriend , then goes and asks Joanna out to lunch . Peter and Joanna hit it off , and he reveals to her that he 's simply going to stop going to work.After a good week or so of neglecting his job , two independent consultants - Bob Slydell -LRB- John McGinley -RRB- and Bob Porter -LRB- Paul Willson -RRB- - reveal to Peter that he 's being promoted to the upper ranks of management . Meanwhile , his studious co-workers Samir and Michael are slated to be canned . Armed with this insider information , Peter approaches Michael about concocting a previously mentioned computer program to take the remainders of every bank transaction at Initech and funnel them into a private account owed by Peter , Samir , and Michael . Michael is reluctant until he finds out that he 's going to be fired.As the two set out to convince Samir that their plan will work , resident office weirdo Milton Waddams -LRB- Stephen Root -RRB- is in the process of having his paycheck stopped by the consultants who uncover the fact that Milton was fired several years earlier but is still being paid . When Bill Lumbergh moves Milton 's desk into the basement , he whispers that he will set the place on fire.Meanwhile , long-time corporate cog Tom Smykowski -LRB- Richard Riehle -RRB- experiences the dream of a lifetime when he 's badly injured by a drunk driver . Fresh off a seven-figure settlement , and in possession of his prototype `` jump to conclusions mat , '' Tom tells Peter to hang in there , that life has a lot of good things in store for those who wait . While attending a party for Tom , Samir and Michael grow nervous when Tom 's lawyer reveals that white collar criminals go to federal `` pound-me-in-the-ass '' prison where they better `` beat someone up or become someone 's bitch '' on the first day.Office Space is one laugh after another , and the heroes ' nefarious plan works surprisingly well until it hits a glitch . When the scheme devised by Peter , Michael , and Samir goes up in smoke , Milton decides to create some smoke of his own ... The brainchild of King of the Hill and Beavis & Butthead creator Mike Judge , Office Space will leave you in absolute stitches . Funny from beginning to end , with a plot mysteriously similar to Superman 3 , this is one movie that anyone who 's ever worked a job from hell -LRB- and have n't we all ? -RRB- needs to see at least once . But if you 've ever spent a day trapped in the confines of an office cubicle , you need to see this movie at least twelve times ... The DVD Report
 It 's simple , really
 This is one of those quirky , highly quotable films that even if it 's not great cinema , it holds up to repeated viewings much better than most . In other words , a cult classic . If you 've ever been bored out of your mind at work , annoyed by chirpy co-workers , patronized by an idiotic boss , frustrated by office machinery or just plain not interested in going to work , you 're eligible for membership in the cult . Yes , there are some flaws . The plot is inconsistent and the ending is too predictable . But these are minor quibbles . There are so many scenes that are perfect jewels of comedy that you can forgive this film any little lapses . The acting is uniformly great , and I think we can all agree that we need to see a lot more of Ron Livingston . My personal favorite scene is his meeting with the consultants , but there are so many to chose from that it 's really not fair to select just one . Buy the DVD because you 're going to be watching this movie again and again .
 If you work in an office , this movie is for you . A must buy and keep .
 `` Office Space '' is n't the funniest movie ever made , but it 's certainly one of my favorites . Like zillions of other people , I was introduced to this movie while trapped in a miserable soul-sucking job in a dysfunctional office environment . The kind of job where I 'd spend Sundays curled up on the couch in a fetal position dreading Monday ... the kind of job where I 'd dread Friday nights because I knew they were n't going to last long.I wore out my VHS copy of this film years ago , so the DVD special edition got snapped up in a hurry . Some of the deleted scenes are hilarious , although the best new footage -- John C. McGinley 's extended riffs on the wonder that is Michael Bolton -- is only to be found in the Mike Judge-hosted retrospective making-of feature.In your darkest moments , `` Office Space '' is that shining jewel that makes life bearable again . It is indeed chicken soup for the cubicled soul . It 's all `` about '' the workplace in America in the 1990s -- the cubicle-bound middle-management culture is so brilliantly dissected . From the traffic jam in the opening scene to the soulless birthday party held for the `` division VP '' towards the end , to the blinding white rage of the gangsta rap soundtrack , it is so funny that you will hurt.The cast is outstanding , of course . It was shocking to find out that long-time `` Cheers '' barstool occupant Paul Willson was cast at the last minute ; he 's exactly the kind of actor you 'd expect to find on the fringes of a movie like this one , so you wonder why it took so long to find him . Everyone has their personal favorites among the supporting players -LRB- McGinley & Willson , Ajay Naidu and Gary Cole all rob blind every scene they 're in -RRB- but David Herman , playing `` Michael Bolton '' , is my personal favorite . Maybe it 's the short-sleeve-shirt with tie ensemble , or the printer scene , or , at long last , `` Call me Mike '' , but there are times when I 've watched `` Office Space '' just to identify with him and his plight.In the end , `` Office Space '' went from just funny to truly life-changing the moment Peter Gibbsons said that he dreamed of doing `` nothing '' . That 's it ! That 's the moment ! That 's what we all really want , deep down , after years of crushing middle-management rules , memos , and coffee cups held chest-high . Yeah . Great . Why do n't you just go ahead and do that ?
 I can think about several different scenes from this movie and just start laughing . It 's one of those movies . Mike Judge -LRB- King Of The Hill -RRB- , wrote and directed this hilarious look at the mundane life of office workers . Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- has a boring life . He lives in a plain , by the numbers apartment with an odd neighbor -LRB- Diedrich Bader from `` The Drew Carey Show '' -RRB- , and works in front of a computer all day in a small cubicle . It 's the same rut day in and day out . He has a smarmy boss with an very slow , annoying way of speech named Bill Lumberg -LRB- Played by the awesome Gary Cole -RRB- . This guy is pricelessly funny . Many points go to Mr. Cole . He also , in a very funny joke , has a friend that works there named Michael Bolton . Do n't think there 's not many jokes there ! . The company then begins to downsize and Peter 's two best friends are on that list , while he is to be promoted . The three guys then set out for revenge and devise a plan to launder funds from company accounts . All seems to be golden , when something goes horribly wrong and the guys scramble to find a solution to save their butts ! . Jennifer Aniston also co-stars -LRB- and looking cute as ever -RRB- as Peter 's waitress girlfriend . Stephen Root from `` NewsRadio '' co-stars as Milton , a highly geeky loser who never gets the attention or respect at work . Like Cole , his comedic performance is incredibly funny . The ending kinda just happens real quickly , and one wishes it was a bit longer and more fleshed out . We 've come this far ! . The movie has many laugh out loud moments that are both hysterical and oh so true ! . Who does n't hate their job , right ? . The film hits the bullseye on that front . It 's a shame this intelligent film did n't get the recognition it deserved . It is definitley finding a voice on cable and video . Good . If your looking for a fun little movie that you may of missed , this is the movie for you ! . As Bill Lumberg himself might say , ' I want you to see this movie , m ` kaaaayyy ? . Riiiggghhhttt . Teriffic ' . Well said Bill .
 Many of the people on here are becoming too critical with this movie . In my opinion , this is one of the funniest and best movies I have ever seen . Characters like Michael Bolton and Lawrence are just so incredibly funny . 75 % of the cast is composed of middle-aged overweight balding men and for some reason that 's funny to me . I do n't own too many DVDs only because I ca n't watch many movies more than once or twice , but this movie is full of hilarious scenes that I have to watch every month or two . It 's a classic in its own way . If you do n't buy it , just watch it .
 I actually know people who wo n't watch this because it so closely portrays their work life . Stephen Root -LRB- Milton -RRB- and Ron Livingston -LRB- Peter -RRB- do a great job in this cubicle classic . It has truth , humor , and a `` do n't give a s * # @ attitude '' towards work . Definitely a must buy for those computer oriented people out there like myself .
 I do n't know what sorts of jobs Mike Judge 's work history includes , but if none of them were low-level -LRB- re
 This is an absolutly great film . Workplace comedy at it 's best . While expressing a great deal of office humor it also depicts a deeper meaning as well . Expressed in a quote by the main character , Peter Gibbons , `` Human beings were n't meant to sit in cubicals staring at computer screens all day '' , this would truely be the meaning of this film . People were not supposed to do what society currently expects of us . There must be something more to this mundane life we lead . I truely enjoyed this film and would definately recommened it to others .
 watch this movie ! It was recommended to me for a long time before I broke down and rented it . It is very funny . It encapsulates every piece of crap job or pain in the a ** boss you 've ever had . There is something in here for every working stiff . Would n't it be amazing if we just stopped caring about work ? The irony that the lack of care brings good fortune . Do n't be too doubtful . It just might work for you !
 Office Space is a true to life comedy . I love Peter 's idea to do nothing if he had a million dollars . I 've watched that movie everyay for the past week , and still laugh my ass off . The funniest part is when Michale Bolton is rapping to the song in his car . Herman does a magnificent job playing Bolton , who in reality is a loser , but tries to act cool by cursing and beating up machines . His lines are well placed and could n't coe at a better time . His subtleness sells the character well . Watch this movie if u wan to hav a laugh .
 Outstanding . And I do n't enjoy other works of Mike Judge like Beavis and Butthead . This movie provides a much more subtle context for its humor . The facial expressions and interaction between co-workers are unconventioal and hilarious . See this with friends and the quotes will flow for weeks .
 Exellent dialogues ... Satire that is very accurate . I watched this movie after a tough week at work . Made me laugh at my job situation because this movie IS MY JOB ...
 This movie is a funny , sarcastic look at the 9 to 5 existence and what it does to all those working drones out there . Peter works at Initech , a generic company whose purpose is never really revealed , though we know it has something to do with cubicles and computers . His smug boss is asking him to come in on his weekend , his jumpy coworker Milton mumbles about keeping an eye on his Swingline stapler and threatens weakly to burn the building down if they move his desk just one more time , and to make everything worse , word is that the company is bringing in a consultant to make things more efficient -LRB- i.e. fire people -RRB- . Understandably , Peter 's feeling a little tense and burned out . His soon-to-be-ex-girlfriend urges him to see a hypnotherapist , who drops dead in the middle of the session , leaving Peter wrapped up in a much calmer attitude . Ironically , instead of getting him fired , this attitude impresses certain higher-ups in the company and Peter is promoted just as his buddies are about to get canned . Stuck between moving up and losing his friends , Peter and the guys hatch a scheme to embezzle company funds in such a gradual way that no one is supposed to find out . Things go a little wrong , but just as Peter is ready to give up and turn himself in , fate steps in and changes things in a way nobody expected.Anyone has ever held a job can relate to the humor in this movie , even if the job is not office-related -LRB- Peter 's new girlfriend Joanna , for example , works as a waitress in a restaurant but also hates her irritating boss -RRB- . The first few minutes of the movie show various characters braving rush hour to get to work . Who has n't changed lanes in traffic , only to have that lane stop moving while cars in the old lane suddenly roar ahead ? If you do n't mind the rap soundtrack -LRB- I did n't care for it but the movie was good anyway -RRB- and quite a bit of swearing , you will probably enjoy this movie .
 I thought that this movie was very good . It really showed what probably most of America thinks about their jobs . The movie also shows the different types of cliques that even the office can have . The movie also shows a typical work day , with everyone hounding you with stuff you did n't do or did do wrong .
 If you work in a cubicle , this is a must see . I wo n't go into the plot , since other reviewers have already done so . If you HAVE seen this movie and did n't enjoy it , I will say only this
 This movie is really funny . If you work in the office , this movie is the must see . This movie shows every little detail about the office space . The actors are amazing , you will be laughing the whole time .
 When I first saw Office Space , I hated this movie . I did n't find it funny , and even though my friends jokingly referred to it as where we would be in 10 years -LRB- we were all computer engineering majors -RRB- , I just hated it . The movie has since grown on me , and I think it 's one of the best comedies out there.I think what really gives Office Space 's it 's sheer staying power is that every character is twisted . This is not your normal story with fully fleshed out , dynamic characters who seamlessly fit together . Oh , no . This is stereotypes at their best and brightest . If you 've ever worked anywhere with more than 5 people , you 're going to associate these stereotypes with your current and former co-workers . There 's the woman who never varies from her routine , down to saying the same thing the same way EVERY time ; the manager that does n't actually listen , has the annoying facial tick/movement/phrase ; the squirrelly looking mumbling guy that no one pays attention to ; the stoner chick with no real life plan , and the young obnoxious guy who 's sole goal is to get luck . Not every place I 've worked has had everyone one of these stereotypes , but I 'm sure I can place at least a couple of them at any job I 've ever had.It took me a few viewings to really realize that the movie has two equally entertaining plotlines . The first is Peter , who hates his job , has a girlfriend who 's cheating on him , and is always suckered into working on the weekends . We see the movie through his eyes , which has it 's ups and downs , including hypnosis , slacking off work , and the new girlfriend that flips off her boss . However , the equally funny , and almost non-sequitor counter story is of Milton , office drone that 's stepped on , ignored , made fun of , and worst of all , has his beloved red Swingline stapler stolen . He says so many funny things that it 's worth watching the movie a couple times to really get what he 's saying . And if you own the More Flair copy , it gets better.This copy was a Christmas present from the same person who gave me a red stapler for my birthday last year . While it 's not loaded full of hours upon hours of special features , I did enjoy the making of featurette , where they interview the cast . You get a wider , more in-depth view of all the characters . My favorite sheds new light on Milton 's line and I could see the squirrels , and they were married , '' which is apparently a euphemism for what he actually saw the squirrels doing . I know it 's a funny thing to really gain appreciation for , but it 's the bits like that line that make Office Space one of the comedy gems.Not everyone is going to like this movie . If you 're one of those people who saw it once and thought it was stupid , humorless , or pointless , watch it again . You might it 's not as bad as you thought it was .
 Now , Office Space might look like a movie about this young guy whose whole viewpoint on cubicle hell is changed when his occupational hypnotherapist dies in the middle of a hypnosis session , leaving him with a wonderfully carefree attitude toward the job he despises - but it 's not . The real star of this movie is Milton Waddams -LRB- Stephen Root -RRB- , the mumbling , thoroughly mistreated oddball who is pushed beyond his limits after the boss , among other things , steals his stapler . He really loved that stapler , which is why he continued to use it after the company went with a completely different stapler manufacturer . When you 're stuck in a cubicle for forty hours a week and forced to watch all sorts of Who Stole My Cheese nonsense taking place all around you , when you 're always the odd man out when the boss ' yearly birthday cake gets handed out , when you 're forced to change cubicles over and over again for no good reason whatsoever , you become Milton . With no control over your life 's direction , you cling to any little thing you can find in your three-walled domain - a favorite stapler , your chair -LRB- which you really should put your name on , if you want to make sure someone does n't pull the old switcheroo on you -RRB- , and the all-consuming importance of locks for your shelves -LRB- which the movie completely leaves out , for some reason -RRB- . Your bosses make fun of you behind your back and think of ways to make your life even more miserable , and you start mumbling all the time . Yes , Milton truly represents those unfortunate enough to be trapped inside cubicle farms.However , since the movie does give young Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- and his buddies most of the screen time , I 'll talk about them as well . That Pete 's really got his head on straight as the movie begins ; he has already learned that work is a form of torture that makes every day worse than the one before until you get old and die . His buddies at work are pretty spot-on as well , knowing that the hiring of a consultant means a labor reduction is imminent . Then Peter sees this hypnotherapist who gets him nice and relaxed , with all of his work-related worries washed away - and keels over dead , leaving Peter in a state that can only be described as carefree . He just stops going to work for awhile , but when he does pop in -LRB- just to pick up his address book -RRB- , he goes ahead and talks to the two Bobs -LRB- the consultants -RRB- . His straight-shooting , incredibly honest answers about how little he actually does at the company convince the Bobs that he is upper management material . While Peter 's being promoted , though , his buddies Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- - no , he 's not related to that dreadful singer - and Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- are being laid off . That 's when Peter comes up with a plan - well , actually , the whole idea was Michael 's , but Peter talks him and Samir into actually doing it . They plant a virus-type routine , designed to skim off a fraction of a cent from every transaction , inside the computer system . The plan ends up working too well , though , putting Peter and the guys into quite a potential pickle.I think the film sort of loses its focus during the final half hour . Up until that point , it 's a dead-on parody of cubicle life . You 've got your fax machine designed to jam as often as possible , your boss who speaks to you as if you 're intellectually challenged and never hears a word you say , a whole range of annoying co-workers , etc. . The whole `` Did n't you get the memo ? '' routine captures the very essence of life in the cubicle jungle . A great supporting cast , including Jennifer Aniston as Joanna , a waitress who just says no to `` flair , '' and Diedrich Bader as Peter 's next-door-neighbor , really round out the film remarkably well . Even the genius behind the whole film , Mike Judge , joins the fun as Joanna 's flair-obsessed manager . Office Space is just a tremendously funny movie that shines the mirror of hilarious truth on the ridiculous nature of far too many modern companies .
 Office Space was a huge flop in theatres when released in 1999 , but I went to see it the week it was released . -LRB- I think it was gone from the theatres after one week ! -RRB- Actually I called in sick to work to go see it , because I was a huge fan of Mike Judge 's work -- and I loved idea of Office Space.After seeing the movie , I was hooked . I told everyone at my then place of employment about it -- I did n't mention I was there during working hours . Office Space was VERY descriptive of my then-current occupation.Regardless of your personal situtation , you will find a lot to like with this movie . The laughs are non-stop , from the opening sequence of the commute to work on through.The bits with Milton , are a little disjointed from the main story -- but fans of Judge 's Milton cartoon shorts will be pleased with their inclusion , and the expansion of Milton 's boss into divisional VP Bill Lumburgh , the principal antagonist of Peter Gibbons and his friends.With numerous hilarious scenes , in which any white collar worker will see bit of their own job , Office Space is a great movie.After seeing Office Space just once in the theatre , I realized I had to get out of my dead-end job . As I said , it changed my life -- even if it does n't change yours , it 's a great film to watch .
 This DVD is not bad at all . `` Office Space '' is one of my top favorites . This movie had me cracking up.I saw similarities between this movie and the company I use to work in.Mike Judge had created a hilarious masterpiece from the beginning to the end in `` Office Space '' . It makes you take a second look at Corporate America and see all the flaws it has . Ron Livingston is great as the tired of it worker , while Jennifer Aniston is very likeable as his girlfriend . I thought the whole Michael Bolton thing was hilarious , as was the murdering of the office equipment in the open field . Gary Cole played his role as annoyingly as anyone could have , and John C. McGinley was funny as the new staff hand . This movie should have done well at the box office , but anyone who 's seen it knows how good it really is . This movie is definitely worth having .
 I love the first half of this movie . It 's a dead-on satire of working life , and the details are just perfect . I wish they did more with it in the second half . The heist plot was n't as exciting , and I was more interested in the office stuff than I was in Jennifer Aniston 's character . But that is just a minor complaint . This is a hilarious movie you will watch over and over again t get all the jokes .
 For anyone that is a cube-rat , or lives with a cube-rat this movie is a must see.I 'm not sure which is funnier , the script , or the fact that everyone that has ever worked in an office like Initech knows EXACTLY how those characters feel . From the banality of the daily grind , to the rah-rah corporate baloney spouted by the suspender-wearing yuppy pond-scum . Or the justifiable fear of `` consultants '' , and the sense of quiet desperation that if you do n't find something else to do this just might be as good as it gets , this movie hits all of those maddening aspects of cube-rat life directly on the head with wry wit , and a sly smile.Well acted , well-written , and a pure delight to watch.By the way , I believe you have my thtapler ...
 `` Office Space '' well , it 's just so amazing I ca n't use words to describe . It is one of the few comedies that I never get sick of , even watching after repeated viewing . Mike Judge is a genius and this movie deserved all the oscar awards . So hilarious . Peter Gibbons is my hero , after he realizes how much he hates work and ... decides he wo n't go ! I love him . His two good friends are also hilarious . This may not be a great review , but seriously you HAVE to at least WATCH this movie -LRB- I recommend buying -RRB- because it is the BEST in satire and the BEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME . Ghostworld , office space and the big lebowski are the movies getting me through high school . SO GOOD !!
 If they made a live-action `` Dilbert '' movie , it might resemble `` Office Space '' -- a hysterically funny office film by Mike Judge -LRB- of `` Beavis & Butthead '' fame -RRB- . Filled with quirky characters and a hilarious employee rebellion , this is a movie for anyone who ever felt trapped in a soul-destroying job.Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- spends every day in a cubicle , doing pointless work under the thumb of his smarmy boss . His life is boring , and he does n't even have the confidence to tell the pretty waitress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- that he likes her . In an effort to relax , he accompanies his controlling girlfriend to a hypnosis session . Unfortunately , the hypnotist dies of a heart attack ... while Peter is still under.The next morning , Peter wakes up happy and laid-back -- and determined to get out of his rotten job , and live fat and happy . He conspires with Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and ill-named Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- -- two coworkers who are about to be axed -- to skim money off the company 's assets with no one the wiser . Only problem is , their scene is rapidly spinning out of control . `` Office Space '' started off as an early 90s animated skit , featuring the character of Milton . You know , that increasingly crazed employee who complains that `` you took my stapler . '' This time , Milton is a minor character , but a pivotal one . The focus is mainly on the mellowed-out Peter and his wild scheme to profit the downtrodden employees of Initech.Judge creates a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers , layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film -LRB- `` Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh ... uhhh ... '' -RRB- . This brand of humor is twisted , down to the slow-motion , ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field . And let 's not even get into the dialogue -LRB- `` Oh , and next Friday ... is Hawaiian shirt day ... '' -RRB- The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there 's Peter , whose newfound perspective is immensely entertaining . There 's Samir , who can barely restrain his rage at his rotten job . And there 's Michael , who has a seething resentment of the same-named singer . Jennifer Aniston does a pretty good job as a love interest for Peter -- a waittress who hates her job as much as he hates his . `` Office Space '' has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny , strange , and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles . Make more movies , Mike Judge -- especially if they 're as good as `` Office Space . ''
 Very funny movie that you can watch over and over and not get sick of . You will either instantly love this movie or not , but if you `` get '' this movie , it will become one of your favorites .
 If you have ever worked in an office , regardless of your job , you can relate to this movie . Even if you love your job , you can still relate to this movie . Everyone works with someone like at least one of the characters . Whenever things get rough at the office , this movie can always put things in perspective.That said , if you 're looking for a great drama or the funniest comedy out there , this is not what you want . The acting is mediocre and the premise is unrealistic . But the movie just makes the daily grind not seem so bad . That 's why I gave it 5 stars . If work and/or life is getting you down , it just really helps put things in perspective .
 It is as hilarious now as it was the first time but now in beautiful HD . The transfer is seamless and the quality impeccable ! Great buy at an AMAZIMG price !
 who ca n't quote every line of this amazing film ???? blu ray picture quality is better than the dvd and you ca n't beat the price !
 This is Hollywood 's funniest take on the absurdity of the modern work place . I 've watched it dozens of times . Office Space is a classic movie that is definitely worth owning .
 I bought this for a friend who had never seen it . I was going to let them borrow mine , but decided to just get them their own since it was so reasonable . Got ta love it !
 Weirdest damn movie I 've ever seen.Went into it thinking I 'd hate it.I really enjoyed it.I took off one star because I doubt I 'll ever watch it again and re-watchablity is a factor for me.I was not very sympathetic to most of the characters , but I enjoyed the plot because it 's one that tracks true so far as having a jerk overseeing a bunch of people who are actually smarter than him . I really only liked the guy with the red stapler . But I liked him a LOT!Rent it before buying . If you love it , buy it because I know people that LOVE this film and watch it over and over.And it 's a good one . Just not exactly a good match for my tastes .
 A friend recommended this to me -- ca n't believe I never watched it Everything in it was right on . I 'm just thankful I never worked there .
 Cute mindless flick that certainly would resonate in some way with all of us who have ever worked and have had to deal with the frustrations of the workplace !!
 If you have ever worked for a corporation and had to be in a cubicle , this movie will make you laugh and laugh . I found it incredibly funny , and some of the moments were priceless . Recommended to anyone working at a large corporation , you will just get it and it will be funny .
 OFFICE SPACE is a really funny movie , period.But aside from all the obvious dialogue gags and long , awkward moments between the characters , Mike hits it right on the nail with this movie 's hilariously apathetic chords . Withdrawn and charming on every level , a lot of the little things in this movie , like the Jazzy 20 's music being played when the Initech corporation building burns to the ground , and the `` Thirty Items Of Flair '' joke make this movie deserving of a couple BIG belly laughs !
 From Director Mike Judge , Office Space is one of the greatest comedies out there ! Loved it so much . You relate to charactors , you hate the boss , Jennifer Aniston 's charactor you fall in love with , and lets not forget Milton -LRB- Oh my God , Milton ... he 's the best charactor out of the entire movie ! -RRB- Well directed and well acted and well casted . This movie is a must for ... everybody that works !
 Several points in the movie made me almost die laughing . Funny as -LSB- anything -RSB- ! ... even on the 20th watching -LRB- seriously -RRB- . Very highly recommended to anyone who enjoys irreverant humor .
 Office Space , starring Ron Livingston and Jennifer Aniston and directed by Mike Judge -LRB- the creator of Beavis and Butthead -RRB- , is indeed a very funny comedy about work and how boring it could be . For a straight hour and a half you 'll be treated to a pure helping of jokes , each which will succeed in making you laugh . With pure Beavis and Butthead humor , Mike Judge 's comedy is a winner and deserves to be seen by all comedy fans . Featuring a good cast that includes Stephen Root and John C. McGinley , Office Space is a comedy that you must go out and rent now ! Satisfaction guaranteed.Ron Livingston plays a character named Peter Gibbons , a computer guy who works at a company called Initech . He has eight bosses so every time he makes the smallest mistake , he is commented eight times . After several incidents , Peter becomes stressed and decides to go for therapy . When he comes out he decides not to go to work and start enjoying his life . He tries to spend more time with his girlfriend -LRB- Aniston , The Good Girl -RRB- and only comes to work to wreck stuff and play games on his computer . However , this attitude lands him a promotion and some of his partners get fired . Anxious for revenge , Peter and his partners decide to perform a scam to steal money from this computer company . Every time the company transfers money , they will get a fraction of every penny . However , instead of the fraction of a cent they 're supposed to get , they wind up with over 350,000 dollars . Now , they must figure out away to get themselves out of this situation and not get Gibbons fired.I wo n't wreck the ending for you but this truly is a great comedy . The performances are satisying . Ron Livingston , who we do n't see much these days , gives a very good performance as Peter and Jennifer Aniston provides us with a good performance as a waitress and Peter 's girlfriend . John C. McGinley -LRB- starring now in the TV show Scrubs -RRB- gives a star-making performance as one of Peter 's bosses and there are several cameos by people such as Orlando Jones . The movie is destined to become a comedy classic if people would just not miss it when passing the comedy section at the video store . Maybe it is a bit over-rated but you still got to see it . Mike Judge is simply a comedic genius . The only bad part about it is that it did n't go on . Comedy fans , this is a must for you.A satifying and hilarious comedy!Title
 if i could videotape just one day at my workplace , it would be a perfect scene-to-scene copy of office space . never has a movie potrayed cubicle life more than this little gem . watch it . it is a movie you can relate to , and understand . Also has a strong supporting cast with good comedic performances which include a funny talking asian -LRB- ajay naidu as Samir Nayeenanajar ? -RRB- and a gangsta rappin ' white guy -LRB- David Herman as Michael Bolton ? -RRB- and a sweet and subdued role by jennifer aniston . the printer scene is legendary .
 I stumbled across this comic takeoff on the office world of cubicles and idiotic bosses when surfing idly through the channels one night and was delighted to find it a very funny if farfetched frolic with a relatively unknown leading man , Ron Livingston . -LRB- Livingston is better known now since his star turn in `` Band of Brothers '' , the highly praised WW II HBO miniseries -RRB- . The only member of the cast likely to be familiar to virtually every viewer is Jennifer Aniston , in a relatively small but likeable role as Livingston 's new girlfriend . The other cast members are all very good , especially Gary Cole as the obnoxious boss , but none is well known , which may be one of the reasons this comedy is so charming . At any rate , this tale of the hypnosis-inspired revolt of one of the cyber-drones in a maddeningly supervised office is very funny and utilizes the talents of its not-well-known actors with great effectiveness . I am told that the film has become something of a cult favorite among those who toil in the computer/tech world , with good reason .
 A very light , funny satire on the life of the computer programmer and the world as they see it . This story covers everything from matrix management , jaming fax machines , business improvement , to the cuicle with a window view . Anyone that works in an office full of cubicles will relate to at least some part of this movie . I particularly like the aspect of the `` quality '' slogans and consultants that come in to `` improve '' the company . Many of us have already lived through this several times.Very entertaining with a pretty good cast of people you will recognize .
 This is a great movie , but I only reccomend it to people who have real senses of humor . Many people have an obsession with movies like `` Meet the parents . '' A slighly funny movie . You can solve this problem by buying them a copy of office space after hitting them in the head with a base ball bat .
 `` Office Space '' is a brilliant and totally spot-on satire of life in an office . Mike Judge wrote and directed a quirky and unlikely story of office vengance . The jokes are often subtle ... but even the disguised jokes are belly laugh funny.Using a cast of largely-unknown actors , Judge keeps the laughs coming . Dietrich Bader -LRB- hilariously disguised in a mullet wig and biker mustache -RRB- provides a great white trash accent as Peter 's goofy neighbor . Our hero Peter is played by Ron Livingston . Peter turns into an unlikely hero , doing what all of us wish we had the guts to do in our sterile office environments . Peter 's work buddies , Zamir Naginnajar and Michael Bolton -LRB- no relation -RRB- are perfect , played as everyday joes just trying to get by.Everyone knows someone like all of the characters in `` Office Space '' , making it very familiar from the first viewing . It 's perfect for repeat viewings too and has more quotable lines than most movies released today . I ca n't wait to see what Mike Judge does next .
 Buy this DVD it will honestly change your life . Have n't seen Office Space ? You have n't lived . Buy this and you 'll get almost 99.9 % of all the inside jokes you 've ever heard `` My cubicle used to be facing the window , and I could see the squirrels ... and they were married . . ''
 aaahhhh this movie sticks with you and is total classic comedy . from basic humor of just wierd names to the eternal red stapler this is an amazingly hilarious movie . i have never even been inside a cubicle -LRB- thank god -RRB- and i think this movie may have influenced that . milton certainly steals the show and then i see the same actor on a csi episode and realize he can talk normally and HAS NO RED STAPLER ??? * GASP * but anyway ... anyone can enjoy this movie whether they are a cubie with a tyrant boss or standing in the unemployment line . this is a new CLASSIC in my book .
 I 'm not really into comedies at all ... but one time after complaining about my new office job , my friend sat me down to watch this movie . I had no hopes of enjoying it , but I constantly found myself exclaiming , `` It 's just like that !! `` You 'll recognize the annoying lady with the chippery , redundant phone voice . You 'll sympathize with the 10 bosses that visit you at all hours of the workday . You 'll understand it completely if you 've ever had an office job.I love this movie and I can see it over and over without getting sick of it . It 's highly amusing .
 This is a very funny movie , we make reference to it a lot at work like `` What would you do with a million bucks ? '' The movie is just very funny -- it fades at the end a bit , but it is still good stupid fun . Also , if you have ever had to suffer really stupid jerk managers at work you will more than likely find the movie very funny .
 This movie has enough good reviews , but I have to add my own.True story - I rented this movie when my wife was staying at her sisters on a friday night . I watched it , laughed and thought `` that movie was pretty funny . `` Then I watched the whole thing again about ten minutes later and laughed even harder.I went to sleep.I woke up and had to watch it one more time on Saturday before going to work . This for me is not normal behavior , but Office Space is that funny.all week I could n't stop singing `` damn it feels good to be a gangster ''
 If you dig the works of creator Mike Judge , there is no reason why you should hate Office Space . This is possibly one of the greatest comedies to come out during the turn of centuries.Basically , the scene of this movie is in the everyday workspace , with a small cubicle and pure boredom . Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- is getting really tired of it , so with the help of buddy Samir and Michael Bolton -LRB- no , not the no talent assclown Michael Bolton -RRB- , they basically try to do whatever it takes to screw Initech over . From Peter removing a wall from his cubicle to transmitting a virus throughout Initech 's network , they want to cause their boss Bill Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- trouble.Another important character to this movie is Milton Waddams -LRB- Stephen Root -RRB- . He has had his desk moved 4 times and his red Swingline stapler taken , plus he never receives any more paychecks . When he does n't receive any of Lumbergh 's birthday cake and he is moved downstairs to storage B , he threatens to set the building on fire.Other important qualities to this classic movie include Peter dating waitress Joanna -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , who hates her job because she `` does n't wear enough flair '' , and Peter 's blue-collar nextdoor apartment mate , Lawrence.Oh yeah , also , you have the unforgettable fax machine destruction sequence , when Michael Bolton is just furious and wants to destroy that thing . -LRB- `` PC Load Letter ? What the f**k does that mean ? '' -RRB- Classic comedy movie . Worth your cash .
 Great office movie . Echoes the thoughts of Corporate workers everywhere . Recommended to everyone who works in an office . Great twist at the end !
 Writer/director Mike Judge 's understated satire of flourescent cubicle-angst keeps the tone subdued and lets the absurdity simply show itself . This well-made film was an instant-classic cult film and found many adherents on its first video run for good reason . We root for our protagonist Peter to stay in his occupational hypnotherapist-induced state of carelessness and not `` get back with the program '' as he and his two downsized friends seek to `` Superman 3 '' their ex-company of a fortune -LRB- as payback for being summarily laid off -RRB- . From the ironic gangsta-rap soundtrack to the narcotizing voice of the boss Lumbergh and Stephen Root 's mumbling & near psychotic Milton , `` Office Space '' offers no big critique , but a good time .
 I save the descriptions of the movie for others . I just wanted to say that this is one of the funniest movies ever . and i wanted to ask does anyone know if there is going to be a dvd coming out anytime with more extras .
 As an MBA student , this movie hits home ! I think Mike Judge has brilliantly captured how idiotic corporate life can be . My favorite part is that Peter can skip work and get promoted to manage as many as ... four people . Great Laughs !! Watch it with a friend !
 This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen . It 's so funny , do n't bother renting it , just buy it ! From the first scene to the last scene I was almost always laughing . All the actors are good , and the mumbling guy is great . See it now !
 Because I was never a fan of `` Beavis and Butthead '' , I did not pursue seeing this movie in the theater . But when my hubby advised me to watch it , I reluctantly did so and BOY AM I HAPPY I DID ! . `` Office Space '' is hilarious . It 's one of those movies you can watch over and over and enjoy every time ! I ca n't believe a film so funny and clever was not a box office hit and was overlooked by the critics ! I think it has something to say to anyone who has ever worked in an office ... or actually to anyone who has ever worked !! I recommend it to all my friends .
 This movie is the funniest I 've seen in a while . Anyone whos worked in an office environment can relate . Witty dialougue , hilarious characters , Mike Judge has created a timeless Comedy Masterpiece .
 The time has come for a movie of this caliber ! It should be played in all Board -LRB- bored -RRB- rooms in corporate America , projected on the billboards that clutter our highways and made a mandatory requirement of Business 101 . Office politics , absurd policies , and Jennifer Aniston -LRB- sorry had to say it -RRB- make up this extraordinary farce of corporate America . Chain restaurants , sparkling clean suburbia , and traffic jams . What else can be said . To truly appreciate this movie does not require you to be an engineer or programmer , all you need is to have a mindless meaningless job and the inspiration to take matters into your own hands . Oh yeah , one thing you do need , however , is to make as many people as you can gather around the tube and watch with you .
 There are two types of people who will fail to understand the brilliance of this movie
 Office Space is the funniest movie I 've ever seen in my life . If you 've ever had to sit through useless meetings and deal with flagrant incompetence you 'll love this movie . Do you drag yourself out of bed only to spend the day following the direction of people whose judgment you do n't trust and opinions you do n't respect ? Let Office Space be your outlet . This movie depicts the laziness and indifference that is prevalent in so many offices . Excellent satire .
 This movie is destined to become a cult film !! It 's classic . I laughed til I cried because it hit so close to home . It 's a comedic look at contemporary office life in `` big city '' Texas . I love this movie !!!
 I always seemed to have the bosses from hell in my own cubeville , -LRB- work smarter , not harder was my last boss 's favorite managerial buzzword -RRB- this movie captures what life is like for the average cubicle-dweller . Thank you , Mike Judge .
 `` Office Space '' is so dead-on accurate in its satirical skewering of the coporate world it 's almost scary . The passive-aggressive boss , the older employees constantly feering for their jobs , the constantly inane small talk - all are fodder for this movie 's hysterical series of situations . I 've watched this one over and over and I never get tired of it . Every actor , even the bit players , bring something fresh and funny to their characters . Unfairly overlooked when it was released , this movie deserves to be seen by everyone in the corporate America and beyond .
 Written and directed by Mike Judge , creator of Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill , Office Space is based on the old Saturday night Live , '' Milton '' cartoons . The film stars Ron Livinstone as Peter Gibbons , and Jenniffer Anniston as Joanna . Peter , who is getting so stressed out by his job consults a dr. who hypnotizes him . But before he can take Peter out of the trance , he passes away making Peter temporarilly carefree . The next day despite his boss Lumberghs wishes , Peter skips work , and comes in on monday and takes no ` crud ' from his boss by destroying his cubicle walls playing Tetris while he 's supposed to be working and putting dead fgish on the TPS reports , and after having a meeting with two hired consultants Peter gets a promotion , but finds out his two best friends are gettings fired . Peter and his friends hatch a plan to lose the company millions , but theyll soon regret it . Office Space also has some smaller parts by bigger celebrities like Orlando Jones , Stephen Root , and Diedrech Baker . If youve never seen Office Space you have to see it , simply put , Office Space is one of the funniest movies ever . So quit your job and watch Office Space .
 Written and directed by Mike Judge , creator of Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill , Office Space is based on the old Saturday night Live , '' Milton '' cartoons . The film stars Ron Livinstone as Peter Gibbons , and Jenniffer Anniston as Joanna . Peter , who is getting so stressed out by his job consults a dr. who hypnotizes him . But before he can take Peter out of the trance , he passes away making Peter temporarilly carefree . The next day despite his boss Lumberghs wishes , Peter skips work , and comes in on monday and takes no ... from his boss by destroying his cubicle walls playing Tetris while he 's supposed to be working and putting dead fgish on the TPS reports , and after having a meeting with two hired consultants Peter gets a promotion , but finds out his two best friends are gettings fired . Peter and his friends hatch a plan to lose the company millions , but theyll soon regret it . Office Space also has some smaller parts by bigger celebrities like Orlando Jones , Stephen Root , and Diedrech Baker . If youve never seen Office Space you have to see it , simply put , Office Space is one of the funniest movies ever . So quit your job and watch Office Space .
 Milton 's mumbling has to be the one reason why I have seen this about 20 times . As many have stated this film is right on the money . There has never been a film depicting the moronic office environment like OFFICE SPACE . I actually feel that this film is an important statement on corporate evil in our country . I was so enamoured by this movie that it is now my favorite 90 's comedy.When will the corporate masses come to realize that they are cubicle cattle , awaiting the slaughter ? We act like submissive slaves or buy into the corporate philosophy and become a shell of what we thought we were as people.The cold accuracy of this film is devastating . And will leave anyone with a conscience just floored . I have seen many of my `` smart '' friends lose there social integrity because of corporate misguidance.Hopefully it can bring about revolution .
 This movie depicts the corporate world to a Tee . I 'm a programmer myself and some of this stuff hits close to home . Fortunately for me my job is a LOT better than this guy 's .
 I recently watched this movie with a bunch of classmates and could n't stop laughing . It became the center for jokes in the class room -LRB- The people to cake ratio is to small -RRB- and of course the red swingline.Milton is awesome ! he rocks ! and horray for him being able to do what everyone wanted to do .
 Because you will be laughing so hard , you are going to have to take breaks while watching this film . It is hands down the funniest movie I have EVER seen . `` Yeah , I 'm doin ' the drywall up there at the new McDonalds . '' ` nuff said . watch it .
 from the first time you put the disk in and the virus is detected to the ability to pull up the scene selections its one heck of a good time .
 I thought that the movie `` Office Space '' was a funny movie . I thought the actors were really good for there parts , especially Milton , he was funny . I would see the movie again , maybe even buy it . I would probably recommend it to friends . It was a good movie .
 If you hate your job and are tired of seeing the jerks promoted , you 've must see this film
 This is one of the funniest movies ever . From the beging with peter and traffic Jamn and Milton in Paradise . Milton is by far one of the most funniest person i have ever seen . In every seen . Jennifer Anisston did a good job in her role . A great Movie . Lumberg is great . '' yeahhhhhhhhh im gon na make u come tmr . righttttttttt '' Milton is a classic . I wish they had the orignal milton as an extra . '' Exuse Me Senor , I order Myty , U give Me Pina colada , I Say NO SALT NO SALT . '' Just a classic
 Office Space is a very funny , on the mark movie about working in cubicles , having a dead end job and brain dead bosses . One of those movies I can watch over and over and it gets funnier each time . Our poor hero has a mind numbing job , answers to 5 bosses and is asked to take on extra work as they proceed to lay poeple off.Favourite scene has to be the beating death of the despised fax machine , anyone who has worked in an office can totally relate and probably do as I do and play that scene over and over as some sort of catharsis.Highly recommend this movie
 When I first heard that Mike Judge had a movie coming out a few years back , I was not interested . Nothing against Beavis and Butthead , but it just did n't seem like someone responsible for that could come up with a live-action movie that would really stand out to me , and the fact that it started from a tiny cartoon that was so exceedingly simple that it probably could have only been funny for the minute in which it took place . By the time it was out on video , something convinced me to give it a try , and I 'm so glad I did . This movie is a joy to watch , and it never ceases to keep me laughing even after seeing it multiple times . Judge has changed very mundane facets of the working life into hilarious scenarios
 I really love this movie . Its so funny but its very true . I identify many of the characters out of my own life . Great movie ! Fast delivery !
 Finally added this gem of a movie to our collection , do n't know why we did n't do it sooner . the end
 Office Space is one of those movies everyone should see before they die . That having been said there is a lot of language and adult themes . Definitely NOT kid friendly . There is a scene where the main character and his almost room mate watch a breast examination on TV.That having been said , this is a hilarious movie that I definitely recommend to everyone . It is generally about an office environment , the horrors of poor management and consultants , and work depression . This movie presents these themes in a humorous way , and as such I know it is used in some actual workplaces to prelude mental health and depression discussions.However for the rest of us non-office dwellers , it is still a great comedy.And it just gets better in HD.PS . I already found an easter egg for anyone interested . At the main menu go to `` SET UP '' and press select . Press select again on `` AUDIO , '' and then press the up directional arrow to reveal the `` We are not in Kansas anymore ! '' flair . Press select again to play a mini game . : -RRB-
 This movie is about a man named Peter . Peter 's day starts out like this
 Spot on parody of office life . Good cast , good laughs , great music and hillarious one liners give this movie a special place in my heart .
 This movie is funny.Buy this movie right now on VHS you will not regret buying this movie it 's worth every pennt trust me.i just watched this movie on cableand i just went out and bough the movie it 's that funny and good , buy it now and stop waitng and bust out your credit card.Ron Livingston is a good funny actor in this movie , i do n't know much about him but he 's funny in this flick.Stephen Root the man on the cover with the glasses is funny as ah hell , he plays anerd worker that was layed off for 5 years without anybody telling him.This is a very funny movie ...
 I really had a hard time going back to work and actually working ! This movie is great for anyone who is a cube dweller and has to follow stupid rules . I asked our Facilities guy for a drill when I got back from the movie !
 when i was first about to rent it i knew it was gon na be a good movie it was graet one funny part is when micheal bolton was singing in the car in the first part i dont want to give it all away but if you are gon na rent or buy a movie get this one
 This an amazingly smart satire about cubecle workers . Mike Judge -LRB- Beavis and Butthead -RRB- has created a moder time classic , with well drawn characters and a hillarious plot . This movie is Dilbert meets Citizen Kana . Highly recomended
 Every felt shafted once promotions came around ? How about angst at the annual cost-cutting measures ? Or perhaps you were just dead-straight ticked off at no more chocolate biscuits in the cookie tin at morning tea ? Chances are you 're not alone , and in `` Office Space '' you can do something about it too.The directorial debut of `` Beavis & Butthead '' creator Mike Judge , based on his shorts `` Milton '' , this is a wickedly biting satire that was criminally overlooked in 1999 . He gets star turns by Stephen Root -LRB- Newsradio -RRB- at Milton in the flesh , Gary Cole -LRB- A Perfect Plan -RRB- as the annoying as hell manager of 8 , and Dietrich Bader -LRB- The Drew Carey Show -RRB- as a redneck neighbour . Jennifer Aniston is also tolerable as the love interest.Give this movie a chance and a half , if you feel like a noose is tightening around your neck at work , you 'll love how this movie exploits it .
 This movie was great . All the characters were soooo funny . Between the guy with a nervous stutter to the nerd who jams to rap music , I could n't stop laughing . With a story line the everyone can relate to , and a scheme everyone would do . This movie is a great movie to rent if you need a good laugh .
 This movie take place in a office . The company is a Silcon Valley type operation.For some of the worker , it means possible lay offs , more work for others and some even get promoted.We see this movie though the workers as they toil for the boss -LRB- played the Brady Bunch 's Gary Cole -RRB- . The workers conspire on a way to get rich off their employer 's accounts . The movie shows us what also happens at a restuarant when Jennifer Aniston works.One of the employees falls in love with her.Eventually the workers must find a way to return the money back to their boss.The ending was kinda what I expected with the employee who off in some dark corner finding something he was after the whole time ! paychecks ! Office Space is rated R for swearing -LRB- in speaking and soundtrack -RRB- nudity and violence towards office machines -LRB- especially printers ! -RRB- See this movie even if you do not work in an office ! any one who works -LRB- and who does not -RRB- can relate to this movie !
 Hi Peter , what 's happening ... Yeah , so I 'm gon na have to go ahead and ask you to come in on Saturday ... there 's a lot of stuff to do . Mmmkay ? Thanks . Oh oh and I almost forgot , we lost a couple people this week , so I 'm gon na have to ask you to go ahead and come in on Sunday too , we kinda need to play catch-up . Mmmmkay ? Thanks .
 I think everyone knows whom I m in love with ...
 From the standpoint of one who 's worked in software for thirty years it is dismaying to see the effect on the younger generation of the real computerized office , for it is either dystopian or perceived as such.In Office Space , the worklives of TwentySomethings have been structured by Baby Boomer technical obsessions and Romanticism . The offices which the Baby Boomers manage are computerized by unrelievedly bad software
 When I first noticed this movie , I thought it would be very much like Scott Adam 's comic strip Dilbert ; however , it turned out to be different . Instead of just taking the corporate nonsense , the main characters in Office Space fight back.My favorite character was Milton -LRB- Stephen Root -RRB- . He has so many quirks you just have to laugh . This movie has a somewhat interesting plot , but I really found myself waiting for Milton 's strange lines.Another great character was Peter Gibbons played by Ron Livingston . I felt that everyone could relate to this guy who had cracked from the pressures of work.This is a good movie to watch after a bad day at work , because it will brighten your day .
 I watched this movie for the first time back when I was in college . It was a great flick at the time , funny and quirky with terrific characters . It was only after I graduated and joined the world of the cube-dwellers that I truly began to appreciate the movie for all it is worth.Everyone who watches it finds some way to identify with it -LRB- just read every other review here on Amazon that quotes the movie -RRB- . Mike Judge has done a great job capturing every day life in the Cube Kingdom . In doing so , he has also created one of the funniest movies of the last 20 years . `` Office Space '' should be required viewing for every new mid-level manager and business school undergrad.Buy it , watch it , and hope and pray that your job is nothing like that of Peter Gibbons and the fine people at Initech .
 I agree with those who find this a superb comedy . And , as with most great comedies , it is so largely because of its extremely incisive and insightful view of contemporary society , in this case of the absurd , boring , oppressive , and meaningless character of much of contemporary life and work as experienced by those who inhabit American corporations and organizations , especially those of a high-tech and bureaucratic character . Thus it is high-quality social criticism in addition to being deeply humorous -LRB- as such other great comedies as Modern Times and The Apartment were in their times -RRB- .
 Wow.Too good . Hilarious . Best office comedy out there . Best Comedy out there . It 's even got Jennifer Aniston in it . They could n't possibly make it any better . Even if this cost like -LRB- ... -RRB- , it 'd still be worth it .
 I thought that this movie was very funny before I ever worked in an office but now that I have I think it is absolutely hilarious . Almost every character in this movie has a real life counterpart in my office . It?s comforting to know that my office is not the only one that has a Nina , Tom Smykowski , Drew , Milton , and Bill Lumbergh working in it .
 Office Space is a hilarious comedy directed by Mike Judge , the man who brought us Beavis and Butthead -LRB- he provided the voices for both characters as well -RRB- , and starring Ron Livingston , Jennifer Aniston and featuring Mike Judge as an irritating restaurant manager.The reason why many people have liked this film is because it touches upon an issue that is very common amongst people
 My wife and I were among the few who originally saw this in theaters , and I loved it from that first viewing . One of my favorite movies . So funny . Not exactly for the younger set -LRB- the movie has lots of profanity , drug , sex , and crime humor -- and quite a bit of cynicism -RRB- , but OH SO FUNNY ! Kind of like a Python movie , with so many hilarious moments and quotes.All the other reviews describe the movie pretty well . Others have mentioned Fight Club as a better movie to see , but there are simply no comparisions . They 're both about how the workplace affects the main character , and that 's about it . Both are good movies -- but this is a comedy , and Fight Club is a darker suspenseful drama -- they 're just so different , so it 's not really fair to compare them in any way . See Office Space , you 'll probably love it . It 's very re-watchable . Great movie for the DVD collection . `` I sentence you to no less than 4 years ... in a federal pound-me-in-the-ass prison . ''
 This film is one of the funniest I have ever seen , and all my friends of all ages who see it for the first time are amazed that they have never heard of it since it is so well-done , so believable , so well-acted , so understated , and so funny from beginning to end ... I have not met anyone yet who did not think it was one of the best comedies they have ever seen .
 Anyone who has worked an office job in corporate America can relate to this film . Mike Judge does an excellent job of squeezing hummor out of every quirky nuisance of working in an office enviornment and the politics that can surround it.Everthing from brown-nosers to annoying bosses.The amount of one-liners in this flick are endless.You wo n't be disappointed !
 Are you overworked ? Underpaid ? Not appreciated at the office ? Ever felt like telling the boss where he can stick his files ? Peter Gibbons -LRB- played by Ron Livingston -RRB- , like many of us , can answer yes to every one of those . Office Space takes you through the mundane work-life of several individuals who are fed up with corporate America . Peter finds out just how fun slacking off can be . While on a mid-morning break with colleagues , Peter finds a love interest -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , who end up watching kung fu with him , and trying to figure out where they belong in life . This odd , comedic masterpiece keeps you laughing throughout , and does n't disappoint . Even Diedrich Bader -LRB- of Drew Carey fame -RRB- finds his way into this movie , as Peter 's construction worker neighbor . If you hate your job , and/or love Jennifer Aniston , this movie is for you .
 After having rented nearly all the videos at our local mom & pop video rental store , and after this one came off the `` new release '' -LRB- more expensive -RRB- shelves , we gave it a try . -LRB- I 'll try any movie for $ 1 . -RRB- ... I 'm proud to say that after renting it in excess of five times , we finally broke down and bought it . A better purchase I could not have made!This movie is clever , hilarious , and populated with some great characters . Also , it 's infinitely quotable , and nearly every scene rings true . Thank goodness Mike Judge departed from Beavis & Butthead to make this gem of a cinematic masterpiece . -LRB- Okay , you might not file it next to `` The Godfather , '' but you would definitely put it somewhere between the Marx Brothers and Wes Anderson/Owen Wilson 's `` Bottle Rocket '' -RRB- Make that comedic masterpiece . For my money , it does n't get much better than when John C. McGinley gives his monologue about Michael Bolton , or when Diedrich Bader comes over as the friendly neighbor , or when Mike Judge cameos and talks about `` flair , '' or when vengeance is taken on a certain office appliance ... you get the idea . -LRB- As I was making that list , about eight other favorite scenes popped into my head -RRB- . If you have n't seen it , give it a try . If you have seen it and rented it more than twice -LRB- or recommended it to all your friends -RRB- then do yourself a favor and get it on DVD before it 's no longer being sold . Movies this classic do n't come along very often ...
 Somehow this movie did not hit it big in the theaters , but that is more likely a result of poor marketing than the quality of the film . This movie is hilarious and should have been a huge commercial success.I do n't even remember when this movie hit the theaters , but one day at the video store I heard a skateboard carrying teenager say to a fellow teen , `` Dude , this movie is the funniest EVER ! '' Based on that ringing endorsement -LRB- and even more based on the fact that there were only about 3 DVD available that night -RRB- I grabbed it off the shelf . I had very low expectations . By the end of the first half hour , I wanted to call the teen and tell him to get a job as a movie reviewer . This movie is one of the funniest EVER . I laughed so hard at some scenes , I had to rewind -LRB- is is still called rewinding on DVD ? -RRB- immediately to watch them again.Maybe it was the unknown cast -LRB- other than Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , or the lack of faith the studio had in Mike Judge 's ability to direct a live action movie , but this movie got very little publicity . What a mistake . Although low brow at times , I ca n't think of one person who will not laugh out loud at least five times during this movie . The cast is great and very funny . There are a few `` big '' names , like Aniston , Stephen Root , Steve Girardot and Diedrich Bader , but it is the `` unknowns '' who make this flick great . Ron Livingston is great as the dissatisfied employee who decides he is just not going to go to work anymore . Every player seems to have a funny line . And , as other reviewers have pointed out , this movie has some of the most quotable funny lines in movie history , which pushes this film up to its five star status.Get a copy of this movie and enjoy . It is one of the funniest ever , Dude .
 Peter Gibbons is tired of his dead end office job . His cubicle is a prison , and he ca n't take anymore . He falls victim to a botched hypnotherapy session and has a new attitude . He does n't give a flip anymore ! He snags a new girlfriend and a promotion with his new refreshing attitude . No sooner has his life started looking up , when an old revenge plot on his company goes terribly wrong . Now Peter and his 2 buddies are rich , at their employers expense . Will they get sentenced to a federal a ** pounding penitentiary , or will they be able to set things right ... or will the building burn down?This is one of my favorite comedies ever . It 's immeasurably funny . The actors , gags , and plot twists will leave you rolling . This is a movie that you will never forget ! Do n't miss Office Space .
 Some people are completely fulfilled in their job-related pursuits , are supported by their co-workers , and put all their heart into their work . Then , there are those for whom the exact opposite to all three of those statements . `` Office Space '' is for that latter group.For a basic plot summary , `` Office Space '' focuses primarily on Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- , a beaten-down cubicle drone who is just going through his life/job on autopilot . When a visit to a hypnotherapist goes horribly wrong , however , Peter snaps out of his funk & starts doing things on his own terms ... with predictable hilarious results!Where this movie really succeeds is that it perfectly captures the essence of an un-fulfilling work environment . Most anyone who has ever held a job can relate , but those -LRB- like myself -RRB- who have lived a `` job from hell '' scenario will cringe all the more and laugh all the heartier.The auxiliary cast is also spectacular . Gary Cole as boss `` Bill Lumbergh '' has now become a classic performance , while such actors as Stephen Root -LRB- `` Milton -RRB- , Jennifer Aniston -LRB- `` Joanna '' -RRB- , David Herman -LRB- `` Michael Bolton '' -RRB- , & Ajay Naidu -LRB- `` Samir '' -RRB- turn in spot-on comedic gems.I consider this to be one of my favorite films of all-time for its ability to capture -LRB- through humor and satire , of course -RRB- the dysfunctional work environment . If you have n't `` lived it '' , then perhaps this type of humor will not appeal to you . For the desk-jockeys , sales-clerks , and pencil-pushers of the world , however , be prepared to laugh long and hard !
 OFFICE SPACE is a film from 1999 believe it or not but it is from the comedy legend Mike Judge . Written and directed by Judge with wit , realism and spot on observations this film about the everyday work place truly stands the test of time . It inded deserves the cult following it has acquired and reigns in a class all its own as it satirizes the American worker so perfectly . The story has a purpose but also provides laughs from beginning to end that often turn into side splitting belly laughs . The entire cast is excellent with Ron Livingston , Stephen Root and Gary Cole in particular reigning supreme . Livingston shines and makes the whole story line seem very plausible and helps the viewer care for all the characters . And it is so much fun to see an early Jennifer Anniston and you will never forget her dealing with her flair after this film.Blu ray is indeed a magic worker and this film looks excellent on blu ray . The video is crisp , clear , bright with colors that pop and realistic flesh tones . Black/white ratio is superb and it is the added clarity that tuly brings this film to a new dimension . The audio is also excellent . This is a dialogue driven film and it is always crisp and clear . When music is present it comes out of the surround speakers pefectly never overshadowing the dialogue . The entire film comes to new life on blu ray . If you love this film and own the dvd double dipping for the blu ray is a must . The viewing experience is truly superior to the dvd . And if you are an OFFICE SPACE virgin the excellent blu ray at this great price makes it a no brainer . Its story and humor truly stand the test of time . Highly recommend .
 This is the funniest and most accurate office movie ever . I 've watched it 10 times and still laugh hysterically .
 I 've long held this movie as easily my favorite comedic movie of all time . I 've never seen dry humor done better . The lines are delivered perfectly . The script is brilliant . Love the soundtrack . The characters are easy to relate to and very likeable . Every movie seems to do slap stick comedy nowadays , this movie seems like art by comparison . Infinite replay value . That pretty much sums it up .
 My favorite character is Dietrich Bader , the next door neighbor . This is a perfect movie , a classic rewatchable good time along the lines of The Ref and Princess Bride and Goonies . This is the movie that I recommend without qualification to foreign students of English . This is also the best role of Jennifer Aniston 's career .
 Wow through a Plasma 42 inch and a Ps3 it looked amazing and is still hilarious the best part is I havent seen this movie in years and to see it this way was very pleasing , it just sucks I will have to buy these movies all over again but these blu ray versions are like watching a different movie
 I have seen this movie several times and it is still just as funny as the first time I saw it 11 years ago . It is also just as relevant , even though the technology world has changed a lot since then . Ron Livingston is perfectly cast as the main character who just `` loses it '' in a very hilarious way . Much of the dialogue has made it 's way into mainstream pop culture - `` where 's my red stapler ? '' , `` that was the last straw '' , `` I have to meet with the Bob 's '' , `` I 'm gon na need you to ... '' , etc. . It is quite profane and some people may not appreciate this , but I think it is one of the BEST comedies to come out of the 90 's , period ! See this movie and have a laugh at how utterly ridiculous working in `` Corporate America '' has become over the last 30 years .
 Ever since I 've started working in a corporate environment , I 've come to identify with this movie more and more . One of my favorites .
 i like this movie , this movie was funny , i will tell people about it . old movie but good movie nice funny
 The technology has changed a little , but the office politics and B.S. has not ! This is the third time I 've seen this movie , and it just stays as funny even after multiple viewings . A real classic and should be required viewing for CEO 's and leaders of large business everywhere !
 It funny how this movie is so accurate about corporate America . It should be used as a training tool for how not to treat employes .
 I purchased this movie for school - Gonzaga University - as we will write a paper about it an communication . The movie arrived very quickly and in great condition .
 This movie is hilarious . I recently gave it as a gift to a colleague and it was a huge hit . If you 're looking for a gift for a co-worker who has any sense of humor at all , you can not go wrong with this movie . Pairing it with the red Swingline stapler would be a great gift ! : -RRB-
 Just a few rough spots in the viewing of the DVD . Pixel issues , but for so cheap I can live with that . Thanks !
 The magic of Office Space is the not only the never-ending string of hilarious moments from the two Bob 's to the red stapler , but is becoming almost a documentary . What I mean by that is the comedic moments are eerily similar to real life Corporate America , which makes it even more hilarious . I know higher-ups in Corporate America must have seen this movie and yet they do n't think they are like it.The cast was great and I will be interested to see where this movies stands 10 years from now in the ranks of comedies -LRB- and maybe even documentaries -RRB- . Join the discussion on funniest real life moments like TPS reports from ADP . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 An awesomely absurd movie on the trials and trivialization of being a programmer in a large corporation . I highly recommend it . Just do n't touch my red stapler .
 Very few people have seen the film in England and I keep having to lend my copy out to spread the word about this film . I first saw it when I was working in NYC and I could n't stop laughing . I usually hate American comedies and I particularly hate Beavis and Butthead . But this is funny from beginning to end . Lumberg is the boss no-one wants to have , the waitress is the girl every man wants . The comedy is very subtle and clever - the `` bobs '' are hysterical - I mean - who `` celebrates a guy 's entire catalogue '' ? I think my favourite scene has to be the very beginning where Michael Bolton is listening to rap music and singing along with it when he spots a black guy SELLING FLOWERS walking towards him and he winds the window up and goes quiet.Or it could be any time Lumberg goes `` yeaahhh , Whats happenin ? `` Please buy - its as essential as your Dilbert book in the toilet !
 This movie is so funny I do n't know where to begin.Anybody can relate to this movie because we 've all had jobs we hated at one time or another in our lives.I 'm not going to tell you what the story is about because most of the other reviewers have already done so , but the underlying message is this ... you can either be a robot and do nothing with your life or you can follow your instincts and make something of your life and be happy.Nobody portrays that better than Peter Gibons -LRB- played by Ron Livingston -RRB- A really great movie that reminds us of the fact that we all have choices , but what choice will you make ? 5 stars all the way !!
 When my friend and I rented this , it changed our world of inside jokes and punchlines forever . This movie is halarious.It 's not really the funniest movie in the world when your actually watching it , I only laughed out loud at a half dozen or so scenes , but all of the little puns are the kind that you think are funny for ages afterwords , and unlike most comedy films , Office Space actually had re-view value . I wo n't gauruntee it , but I 'll bet you 'll find your self saying `` I 'm going to set the building on fire '' and laughing ALOT after you see this .
 Let me guess
 All large corporations should use this as a training film.Having worked for a large company this is how they work.The forms are more important than the work .
 I love to watch this movie after a bad day , they way it pokes fun of the corporate morons is dead on . Everybody has a boss or knows a manager that you look at and say , `` how in the hell did that person get that job ? ''
 I thought this was a hella funny movie . I was busting up frequently during this because so much related to the hell hole I work in . The cubes , the zoning out , the hating of the job , etc. was easy to relate to . I thought the other two guys were funny too . If you work in a cube cage , you will totally relate to this movie . Mike Judge rules .
 Oh , it 's funny . Great characters and a subject matter I think we can all relate to a bit - working ! The movie is really too funny and I recommend to all !
 A life changing movie . How good to realise that there are so many of us under the thumb of ugly corporations and sleazy political inept bosses . I am still trying to show this to staf fat work without management knowing . The second half kind of dies a bit but the first half more than justifies this movie .
 Well , considering most of the reviews basically cover what anyone who loved this movie would say , I do n't have much to say but I can relate to it 100 % ! What a great movie . So much hilarity , and it 's even funnier if you can relate to the whole work environment they 're in because you 'll be like , `` Oh my God ! That 's so true ! '' Never has a comedy hit so close to home for people in that work force . Definitely worth purchasing .
 This movie was done in classic 80 's style and has strong similarities to one of my old favorites
 This is , by far , one of the funniest movies I 've seen about my working life out here in Plano Texas ! If you have ever worked in the computer industry , see this movie . The characters are identifiable ; Lundberg is the typical manager along with consultants , slackers , engineers , and even their own version of Fridays ! A whole new meaning to a `` bad case of the modays '' . Bravo !
 Um ... yeah ... I 'm going to have to kind of recommend this movie ... yeah ... um , if you could just buy it and watch it , that would be great ... . yeah ...
 If they made a live-action `` Dilbert '' movie , it might resemble `` Office Space '' -- a hysterically funny office film by Mike Judge -LRB- of Beavis & Butthead fame -RRB- . Filled with quirky characters and a hilarious employee rebellion , this is a movie for anyone who ever felt trapped in a soul-destroying job.Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- spends every day in a cubicle , doing pointless work under the thumb of his smarmy boss . His life is boring , and he does n't even have the confidence to tell the pretty waittress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- that he likes her . In an effort to relax , he accompanies his controlling girlfriend to a hypnosis session . Unfortunately , the hypnotist dies of a heart attack ... while Peter is still under.The next morning , Peter wakes up happy and laid-back -- and determined to get out of his rotten job , and live fat and happy . He conspires with Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and ill-named Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- -- two coworkers who are about to be axed -- to skim money off the company 's assets with no one the wiser . Only problem is , their scene is rapidly spinning out of control . `` Office Space '' started off as an early 90s animated skit , featuring the character of Milton . You know , that increasingly crazed employee who complains that `` you took my stapler . '' This time , Milton is a minor character , but a pivotal one . The focus is mainly on the mellowed-out Peter and his wild scheme to profit the downtrodden employees of Initech.Judge creates a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers , layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film -LRB- `` Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh ... uhhh ... '' -RRB- . This brand of humor is twisted , down to the slow-motion , ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field . And let 's not even get into the dialogue -LRB- `` Oh , and next Friday ... is Hawaiian shirt day ... '' -RRB- The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there 's Peter , whose newfound perspective is immensely entertaining . There 's Samir , who can barely restrain his rage at his rotten job . And there 's Michael , who has a seething resentment of the same-named singer . Jennifer Aniston does a pretty good job as a love interest for Peter -- a waittress who hates her job as much as he hates his . `` Office Space '' has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny , strange , and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles . Make more movies , Mike Judge -- especially if they 're as good as `` Office Space . ''
 Week one
 This film is a classic comedy . It has a lot of subtle funny moments that make you laugh really hard . Peter 's calm demeanor make for a great character that is just fed up with his life and doesnt really care anymore . Anyone who works or has worked in an office knows exactly what its like to be in his shoes along with the rest of the cast of characters . It 's a classic comedy because it 's so real and true to everyday life that people can relate to the movie and find solace in the film . It 's all the things people in his situation wish they could do but never really could sacrifice there career for .
 If they ever decided to make a live-action `` Dilbert '' movie , it might resemble `` Office Space . `` There 's a lot of the same bitter surreality infused in this hysterically funny office film by Mike Judge -LRB- of `` Beavis & Butthead '' fame -RRB- , all about three rebellious office employees who have finally had enough . Filled with quirky characters and a hilarious employee rebellion , this is a movie for anyone who ever felt trapped in a soul-destroying job . Which is just about everybody.Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- spends every day in a cubicle , doing pointless work under the thumb of his smarmy boss Bill Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- . His life is boring , and he does n't even have the confidence to tell a waitress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- that he likes her.Because layoffs are impending , Peter accompanies his controlling girlfriend to a hypnosis session , and is instructed to relax . Unfortunately , the hypnotist dies of a heart attack ... while Peter is still under his hypnotic influence . And nobody snaps him out of it . The next morning , Peter wakes up happy and laid-back -- and determined to get out of his rotten job , and live fat and happy.He conspires with fiery Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and the ill-named Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- -- two coworkers who are about to be axed -- to skim money off the company 's assets with a secret computer virus . Only problem is , their scene is rapidly spinning out of control when the virus goes glitchy haywire -- and their scheme is threatened with exposure . `` Office Space '' started off as an early 90s animated skit , featuring the character of Milton . You know , that increasingly deranged employee who complains that `` you took my stapler . '' This time , Milton is a minor character , although a pivotal one . The focus is mainly on the mellowed-out Peter and his wild scheme to profit the downtrodden employees of Initech -- sort of like a crazier version of `` The Office . `` And Judge knows how to wring all the bitter comedy from this scenario . He creates a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers , layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film -LRB- `` Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh ... uhhhhhhh ... '' -RRB- . There 's a less interesting subplot about Peter 's unstable relationship with the equally POed-about-her-job waitress , but the real draw here is all the corporate cheating and craziness.This brand of humor is twisted , down to the slow-motion , ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field , and Peter receiving a raise because he no longer cares if he gets fired . And of course , the dialogue is quietly insane -LRB- `` Oh , and next Friday ... is Hawaiian shirt day ... '' -RRB- as the plot grows grows more and more tense ... until you know someone has to snap . You can see who it is way in advance , but it 's no less hilarious when it happens -- with disastrous consequences.The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there 's Peter , whose newfound perspective about what is important in life is immensely entertaining . There 's Samir , who can barely restrain his simmering rage at his rotten job , or his deep hatred for the copier . And there 's Michael , who has a seething resentment that he has the same name as THAT sappy singer . As for Cole , he 's utterly brilliant as a boss who is as endearing and appealing as a rake on a chalkboard.This edition is apparently just a blu-ray edition of the previously-released `` with flair ! '' edition , so those who already have it might want to wait for something a bit more deluxe . Some brilliant deleted scenes , interactive games like `` Whack-A-Drone , '' and a featurette with Mike Judge called `` Out of the Office . '' `` Office Space '' has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny , strange , and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles . When you are n't laughing your butt off , you 'll be cheering on the disgruntled salami-slicers .
 I must admit , I did n't know what to think when a friend recommended this to me , but I ended up enjoying this movie completly . It was hysterically funny , with some absolutely brilliant scenes which accurately describe life in any office , but particularly in the computer biz . Very witty and apt commentary on the things that go wrong with bad -LRB- or even average -RRB- leadership .
 This movie is simply hilarious . You will make a connection between the movie , and your own job , no matter what your occupation . All I can say is , if you have n't seen it , you should .
 This is the great movie that anyone who has ever worked in a corporate environment can relate to . It shows fine examples of the insanity in the work place , the frustrations of trying to do your job only to have idiotic roadblocks intentionally placed in front of you , and the journey of people who have finally had enough.You will laugh out loud throughout this movie , just do n't take my stapler .
 This is my all time favorite comedy . Believe me , it 's abssolutley hilarious.Peter Gibbons goes to work at Unitech every day and works basically in a cubicle . His friends Michael and Sharim also work with him . Sharim has problems with the copier which he wants to throw out the window , Michael has problems because his name is the smae as a singer -LRB- Michael Bolton -RRB- , and Peter has `` a case of the mondays '' and just wants to stop working . Their boss is one of the funniest characters with his awesome lines -LRB- yeah ... . I 'm gon na need you to come in tommorow . . -RRB- . Milton is also funny as he is a small nerdy man who is n't receiving a paycheck who is obsessed with his red stapler . The commotion over the stapler is absolutely hilarious ! Then , when Peter 's friends get layed off , they all join together to rob Unitech of its money even though Peter got a raise for `` doing nothing '' ! -LRB- His boss hates him but the consultants love him -RRB- Jennifer Aniston plays Peter 's love but one of the funniest moments is when one employee gets hit by a car while driving to work . He gets insurance money and gets to retire . He then hosts a party saying how lucky he is even though he is in a wheelchair with both of his legs broken ! Absolutely hilarious . I 'm not going to give away any more of the millionssssss of jokes but I really reccomend this to anyone in the mood for some good laughs .
 When I first watched this movie , I was a telemarketer , which is almost like Peter 's job , in that you work in a cubicle , with 8 different bosses that have absolutely no communication with each other telling you the same thing , one right after the other . This movie won a permanent home in my VCR back then , and I watched it every night before bed , to prepare myself for the horrors of the next day in cubicle hell . Thankfully , I no longer work there , but this movie has not lost it 's luster with me , and anytime I encounter someone who has not seen this gem yet , I insist they sit down immediately so I can put it on for them . They always end up loving it .
 What can I say about this film that has n't already been said?I was n't particularly interested in `` Office Space '' when it first came out , and I assume that it was a sleeper hit upon theatrical release , but when I checked it out much later , I was on the floor laughing . Not only does `` Office Space '' stand out as a great comedy for those starved of great comedy , but manages to hit closer with those actually victimized by white-collar occupations . It 's suprising how this evolved from a series of cheaply-made animated shorts , starring the squirrely stapler-obsessed Milton , and into an underestimated masterpiece.Some would say that a comedy does n't really require top-notch acting to get its hilarity across , but `` Office Space '' is a grand exception . Ron Livingston is perfect in the role of Peter , who learns that by doing nothing you can find the ultimate happiness and confidence you seek -LRB- thanks to unreversed hypnosis -RRB- . Gary Cole 's portrayal of the boring yet frightening Lumbergh should be added to the pantheon of best screen villains ever , and Stephen Root was simply born to play Milton.Mike Judge obviously felt compelled to split open the unexplored injustice of white-collar slavery and definitely makes it work . This is n't a gross-out comedy full of outrageous behavior -LRB- I do n't know if the bludgeoning of the copy machine counts -RRB- , but if you want to unwind after a tough day of school or work and enjoy a downright funny-as-hell movie , you 're making the right decision to owe this one a few bucks .
 LOL ! OK , yeah , this movies a little slow in parts , but that does n't stop it from being hilrious . I do n't even think you have to work in an office to apperciate it . I 've never worked in an office because I 'm only a teenager , but I could relate to alot of experanices even from school . For instance , `` We 're gon na have to move your desk in the basement '' comes to mind ! David Herman was hilrious as always . I think we all know a small , surburban white guy who acts `` ghetto , '' and he got the charecter right on . Although , he does n't really do it that much in public , it 's still funny to hear him randomly say things like `` Sup G ? '' And the scene in the feild with the fax machine is a great moment in film history . I also liked the semi-inapporperate gangster rap in the background . There was only 1 question that went unanswered at the end . What IS he going to do with 40 subscritptions to a magazine he does n't read ? ; -RRB-
 The ability of almost anybody to relate to this movie help elevate this movie to a cult classic . Upon the release of this movie , Twentieth Century Fox spent almost no money for promotion . In spite of this through word of mouth it has become an unbelievable success . Dealing with issues that almost anyone to relate to , relationships , dim-witted bosses , unruly electronics , frustration with the redundancy of bureaucracy , etc. has helped elevate this film to a cult classic . This is one of the few movies that can be watched and enjoyed over and over again . Save yourself the money of repeatedly renting it and the aggravation of waiting for it to appear on network or cable television and add it to your dvd collection .
 This movie was recommended to me by a co-worker 20 years my junior . When he told me that I would be laughing so hard that I 'd be holding my sides I did n't quite believe him . He let me watch his copy , and we were hooked . You actually need tissues for the tears of laughter . We got our own copy and keep watching it over and over again . This is one of those movies that a group can recite together , just telling the punch lines and cracking up laughing while onlookers question what they 're talking about.You 'll never look at `` flair '' the same way again !!!
 I just want to say that this is a gem of a film , very very funny and if you work in an office it is even more so.The two Bobs will be watching !
 If you see one comedy from the late 90s , see this one ! The cast is great , and the story is better . The only person I know who did n't like this movie just does n't understand the modern industrial/metroplitan environment . Driving to work in Silicon Valley REALLY IS THIS BAD , and if your definition of heavy traffic is going 15-20 mph on the freeway , you might not appreciate this film .
 Looks like someone 's got a case of the Mondays . Work Sucks . Mike Judge knows this and he uses this knowledge to write a great satire about the Gen-X corporate world . Ron Livingston is great as Peter Gibbons . I think everyone wishes they could rebel against their superiors like he does without consequence . Milton is a hilarious character with his constant mumbling and you do start to feel bad for him . Peter 's job is to update the computer software for the Y2K switch . That 's funny because now we have an even better feel to how meaningless is job actually was . This is one of those movies that I can watch everytime its on TV , no matter where I catch it from . Definitely one of my all-time favorite comedies and should atleast be viewed by anyone who loves a good comedy .
 This movie falls into my top 5 movies of all time list . Nothing in the category gets close to beating it .
 I had the DVD edition of this and I can say the Blu-ray looks amazing compared to the DVD copy . The menus are not quite up to par with newer Blu-ray menus but the bonus features and commentary are great .
 This is , quite simply , a masterpiece . Some brilliant characters and and times cringeworthy humour , it 's worth watching for the fax machine lynching alone . In many ways the UK ` sThe Office -RRB- programme has superseded this for cringe factor and displaying as archetype the individuals all of us who work in an office have come to loathe.However for sheer comic value I do n't think this film is easily beaten but , what makes the film intriquing is that in addition to its humour i always find that the film has a certain albeit low-brow philosophical poignancy.Definitely recommended .
 Dry , wry and funny - saw it on its first release , when it was largely overlooked by the public . Good commentary on the corporate culture , in the same satirical league and philosophical bent as Dilbert . Livingstone and Cole are very good , Anniston is not given much to do , and Stephen Root 's performance is legendary . I worked once for a multi-national entity , and this film really gets it right ! Four stars from me .
 Perhaps not your first choice for a Christmas movie but `` Office Space '' is a great tool to bring any family together that has lived through `` cubicle hell . '' No other dotcom company can mirror the uselessness of corporate society . Throw in a little Jennifer Aniston who looks great in flair and we have a recipe for a cult classic . I highly recommend this movie for its originality . Who has n't wanted to kill the company printer or cut fish at their desk . A winner .
 I thought this movie was hilarious even before I started working in an office . In a twist of fate , I ended up working for a slightly less competent version of a Lumbergh , and now it 's even MORE hilarious ! I do n't know what 's worse , the boss giving you the same instructions 3 times -LRB- including 2 written forms -RRB- or the copy machine breaking down because it does n't like yellow paper . Piece of trash . No way you cant relate to at least one thing in this movie ! It is pure comedy AWESOMENESS !
 If you 've ever worked in an office the irony will be glaringly evident . Every time I watch this movie I laugh hard . This movie makes me want to get a red stapler so I can make my statement . If you have n't watched this movie , you 're missing out .
 I saw portions of this movie while on a road trip through various cities several years ago and had always wanted to see the full version . I wanted to get to a town or city where I could watch the whole movie but it never worked out . In fact , most of the time I would see almost the same section and could never get to the ending because of time constraints or whatever . I finally saw a chance of seeing the whhole movie by going through Amazon and have really enjoyed the movie . I have watched Office Space a few times now and ca n't get over the number of personalities in the movie that mimic a few people I have worked with over the years . Sometimes I watch the movie before I go into work and then start giggling to myself when one of my coworkers acts like one of the characters in the movie . The movie has proved to be a great get away and I would recommend this movie to anyone who needs a laugh .
 I ca n't say much more that the other reviewers have n't already said . I 've seen this movie several times and LOVED it . I worked in an office briefly , and while it was n't exactly like what was in the movie , I do remember the tedium and boredom , and where I currently work , there 's some managers that I just ca n't respect because of how ... stupid they are.Some of the scenes were wonderfully choreographed or written . I loved the printer-smashing scene -LRB- which was actually spoofed in ` Family Guy ' with Brian and Stewie -RRB- and the actors do a great job playing their respective characters , such as Milton Waddams and Michael Bolton . The almost emotionless character of Lumbergh was also rather memorable . I also loved the scene between Jennifer Aniston 's character and her manager as they 're discussing ` flair ' . Overall a great movie .
 The cover of my `` Office Space '' DVD has `` Work sucks '' printed on the cover . Well , this is a fact . -LRB- If it did n't it would be surely be called something else . -RRB- Reviewing this over 10 years since its initial release and having seen it around twenty times or so , it is still as funny as the first time I saw it.For me , working at a software company surely makes it hit right-at-home , but I 'm sure it hits home for anyone who has worked in or out of an office . It 's hard to work in an office about someone asking you if you have a `` case of the Mondays , '' `` the O-face , '' swearing at a printer or complaining about a stapler . If I 've spent a mundane week at the office , nothing is better than to kick back with this hilarious movie with a beer in hand .
 This is a hilarious , dare I say existential , satire of office types we all know .
 I bought this movie based solely on the recommendations of friends . And I was not dissapointed . Office life is drawn with a fine and satirical hand . God , I spent half my time laughing and half my time shaking my head at my own life as a techie . Definitely worth the price of the movie .
 I think everyone should watch this movie . I own it and have watched it too many times to count . If you 're looking for a movie with a killer plot , keep on looking , but if you want to laugh for a good hour or two pick up this movie . I love it because Michael -LRB- the main character -RRB- gets to say everything that I want to say to my boss but ca n't .
 If there was an award for the movie that stood up to the most repeated viewings , it would be this one . Mike Judge has made the kind of movie where the humor is sometimes dry , but is so incredibly smart that you tend to laugh again and again.The characters in this movie are VERY memorable . Samir is probably the funniest side character in the history of cinema . I 've never met an Indian -LRB- you know , from India -RRB- that was as tempermental as he is , but I hope I do someday . Michael Bolton is awesome . The guy is just totally down on life . The whole cast really shines . Diedrich Bader has a range to his talent that is just amazing -LRB- I did n't even recognize him the first two times I saw the film -RRB- . There really is n't a dull moment to the film . It was cut so well that it just flows from beginning to end . It 's almost too short , but that 's what makes it so easy to watch again . This is truly a movie that gets funnier the more you watch it . There are little nuances that you tend to notice after repeated viewings.The only real drawback to the film , and the reason it loses a star , is the fact that the extras are really weak . There 's nothing here that really heightens your appreciation of the film . I wanted to see deleted scenes -LRB- there had to be SOMETHING -RRB- . I really want to give it five stars , but there are so many other great movies that package equally good extra features.Don ' t let that deter you from buying the film . It was released to theaters with very little fanfare , so I doubt the studio will bother with a collector 's edition . Buy this one now .
 I love this movie . It has so many individual scenes that are hilarious . The overall plot and story are n't the greatest , but I 've found most people can over look this.This movie is rated R , and I think its one of the tamest R movies I 've seen . There is brief nudity and a fair amount of swearing -LRB- mainly in rap music -RRB- . However , the R rating may be for the best since I do n't think anyone under the driving age will think this movie is all that funny . It 's mainly work related and relationship comedy . I am thrilled to say there is no `` bodily fluid '' humor that has been in so many movies lately.The DVD features are almost nonexistant .
 `` Office Space '' does for the movies what `` Dilbert '' did for the comic pages . By taking the insanity of office life to it 's logical , but absurd , conclusion `` Office Space '' has created an instant classic for those of us subjected to the `` attack of the MBA 's '' on a daily basis . At its core the movie asks the question we have all asked , `` how much attention is anyone really paying to me ? '' As the hero repeatedly does and says what we would all like to , he comes to be perceived as a `` straight shooter '' with `` management potential '' . Likewise , his co-workers represent the gamut of corporate personalities
 I would recomend this movie to anyone who likes to laugh . It is a real life potral of a guy -LRB- Peter -RRB- working in a dead end job at a software company and hates every minute of it . but things that a turn that will have you on the floor . This movie is THE funniest movie i have ever seen . If you have n't seen it you have missed out .
 This movie both entertained me and and . . made me depressed . Instead of Peter being in a office , imagine him as the computer guy/setup guy in a factory and you have my life circa 1999 . This movie actually encouraged me to go out and change careers . I feel his pain .
 this is a very funny movie . this first time i watched it it did n't seem that funny , but then after i second time i loved it . milton is funny and so are all the other charcters . i do n't have a job so i ca n't relate to that , but it is still a great movie .
 I have n't been in the work force for too long , but there 's so much in this movie that i relate to . The sick thing is that so many of the gags are so dead-on to reality ; you do n't know if you should laugh or cry . If you work in an office -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- you will know all the characters in this movie . My last boss definitely had a good dose of Lumberg in him . All of the main characters are solidly funny , and it does n't hurt to have Jennifer Aniston as the love interest . There 's a moderate amount of harsh language and a naked girl on a TV for about 2 seconds , but nothing gross or in exceptional bad taste . Final Note
 I do n't think this is the `` best movie ever made '' like several other reviewers have stated . * However , if you have been laid-off , due to a reorganization or corporate downsizing , you WILL relate to this movie and you MUST see it . It is quite funny and every character in the movie will remind you of someone you work with . Again , if you have ever been laid-off from an office job , you must see this movie !
 This movie is more significant than a lot of folks might realize . I show Office Space to introduce foreign friends to American culture , humor , ideals , and most of all , language . Think of how many expressions caught fire in the American vernacular once that movie came out . Even here in Shanghai , I have heard people complain about their proverbial TPS reports or about `` having a case of the Mondays . `` This movie had me chuckling , rather than on rolling on the floor clutching my sides . Still , I 've watched it a dozen times , over a period beginning in high school and most recently at my third job . The older I get , the more I can relate to it . I have a feeling most viewers , at least of the 1980s generation , would feel the same way .
 That happy day when you finally graduate college and enter the workforce is upon you . You 're eagerly anticipating putting your education to good use in an important , meaningful job ; having an inspiring boss who will help you reach the full limits of your potential ; mingling with interesting , supportive coworkers ; and , of course , bringing home a big paycheck.Get real . As the tagline for the hilarious `` Office Space '' so aptly puts it , `` Work sucks . '' The live-action writing and directing debut of Mike Judge -LRB- creator of the `` Beavis & Butthead '' MTV series -RRB- is a hilarious tale of office doldrums that showcases what life is , sadly , often like in the workplace.Ron Livingston -LRB- Mikey 's friend Rob in `` Swingers '' -RRB- plays down-on-his-luck Peter Gibbons , a 20-something who hates his job and is on the outs with his girlfriend . In a highly amusing opening sequence , Peter unsuccessfully battles some horrendous traffic on the way to work , and then arrives to his cubicle just in time to be lectured by his superiors for a tiny , inconsequential error he made.It 's a brutal day in the life of Peter , but unfortunately it 's become the norm . However , when Peter goes to a counseling session with his girlfriend , an unexpected turn of events leads him to a new life philosophy
 Office Space is one of those rare movies that are n't a big hit , but established itself as an instant cult classic simply by being ` almost ' a documentary . I wo n't give away anything that you ca n't read in the Amazon Editorial , but the characters are so ` clinically clich&eacute; ' in a hilarious way . You will recognize a person from your office in every scene and if you are n't seething with hate , you 'll definitely be laughing hysterically . The guys who scheme the money laundering are truly clever and the boss is truly an inspired piece of irritating nonsense . Only the girlfriend lacks any comedic fashion other than the workplace she inhabits - a ` Chili 's ' style restaurant nightmarishly funny in itself . There are some fairly clever sight gags throughout the movie that just keep your interest on a constant level . I wo n't say it 's a fantastic film , but I sure as heck was n't bored and found a lot of true , funny events to ponder . If this film is worth anything at all , it 's the character , `` Milton '' , an overweight , coke-bottled glass wearing , wimpy do-nothing that can not find his stapler . He turns out to be the unlikeliest of heroes.The DVD extras are especially inspired pieces of humor and not at all wasteful like most .
 Gary Cole is the heart and soul of Mike Judge 's Office Space . His portrayal of Bill Lundberg -LRB- SP ? -RRB- is so dead-on it is just hilarious to watch . Ron Livingston plays Peter Gibbons , an everyday 9 to 5 computer programmer for Initech . He hates his job and the whole rat race that surrounds it . In fact , all he really wants to do is watch Kung Fu with his super hot girlfriend played by Jennifer Aniston . So after being somewhat hypnotized during a therapy session , Peter decides to just stop going to work or going on his own terms which leads to hilarious results . Peter 's cadre of co-workers include his underappreciated buddies Samir and Michael Bolton . When Peter learns that Initech plans to fire Samir and Michael , they hatch a scheme to rip off the company . If you 've ever hated your job or felt trapped in a terrible company then you will definitely relate to Office Space . You may also recognize Milton -LRB- the office psycho -RRB- as the nerdy fat guy from dodgeball . Milton loves his red swingline stapler and playing his music at a reasonable volume . Diedrich Bader is also hilarious as Peter 's neighbor Lawrence . Anyway , this movie is laugh out loud funny and a great addition to any DVD collection . Recommended .
 Most comedies are not funny ; `` Office Space '' is good enough to buy and see repeatedly . Mike Judge pours scorn on a cornucopia of common , yet dreadful , elements of American office culture
 Office Space is a brilliant parody of life in corporate America . While funny , the movie conveys the soullessness of commuting to work , putting in 8-10 hour days doing tasks you hate for a boss you hate even more , only to have to wake up the next day -- sometimes on weekends -- and do it all over again . Even though it 's clearly a comedy , Office Space has caused me to stop and consider -LRB- more than once -RRB- how I want to spend my work days.The comedy is brilliant . There are n't too many movie scenes funnier than Peter , Michael and Samir exacting their revenge on a bothersome piece of office equipment . The rest of the movie hums along at a great clip , lampooning the sameness of office and service industry job environments.The humor is a bit raw in spots . If you are concerned about language , Office Space has its fair share of `` F-bombs '' . Unlike some movies that need raunch to carry them , Office Space would be funny as a PG flick.Office Space is one of the best comedies of the last decade . Watch it !
 Rather than comment on the film , I 'll comment in the disc itself . Worthwhile set of extra features , but it 's not an action film so the widescreen does n't add much . A note on the ` Digital Locker ' content
 Mike Judge , the creator of Beavis & Butthead , turns his brilliantly satirical eye towards Corporate America in `` Office Space '' . If , like me , you 've spent most of your adult life as a `` white collar professional '' , you 'll identify with the countless stings and barbs Judge slings at middle management types , the absurdities we encounter daily in preparing our `` TPS Reports '' , and corporate culture in general.This is satire for sure , but beneath the satire lies so much truth , you have to believe that Judge secretly infiltrated some faceless Office building somewhere in LA County for a week , and like Cameron Crowe -- posing undercover as a high school student to give us `` Fast Times at Ridgemont High '' -- Judge surfaces with an over the top slice of bitterly funny truth.This is a very funny movie -- many reviews here have mentioned some of the best bits so I 'll refrain from repeating them -- but suffice it to say , after watching `` Office Space '' for the 5th or 6th time , you too will be repeating a few of the more memorable catch phrases the next time your sitting at your PC typing up `` one of the new cover sheets for the TPS Reports '' !!
 I have never seen this movie in the theaters . Neither has anyone else , as far as I know.My first viewing of this film came in early 2002 . I was fed up with my job , and my employer -LRB- a large high-tech firm whose name I will not mention here -RRB- was announcing upcoming layoffs . I 'd heard about Office Space from several friends of mine , and so I finally decided to rent it . By the time I returned it , I had watched it eight times.I 've now seen it a total of twelve times , and it still makes me laugh . There is something in this movie for anyone who 's endured a job in corporate America . I could strongly identify with Peter , the main character of the film , who is apparently trying to find himself . But really every character in this movie is worth remembering.I got the Special Edition with Flair as a recent Netflix rental . While I do n't think the deleted scenes would have really added to the movie , there are a couple good ones , and the documentary about the making of the film is worth seeing.Not sure I 'll ever actually buy this , but I will definitely rent it any time I 'm feeling disgusted with work !
 I own this and the movie is extremly funny . It is tasteful and approrpriate for most ages however you really need to be an office worker -LRB- IT position helps great -RRB- to truly appreciate the movie . That being said , anyone can potentially find it funny but as a resident IT guy in a cubicle I love this movie !
 `` Office Space '' is a great film from the brilliant mind of Mike Judge . Ron Livingston plays corporate drone Peter Gibbons who has a totally unhappy and stressed life . Thanks to the only partially intentional assistance from a therapist using hypnosis in the single funniest scene in the film , Peter relaxes and reaps the rewards of sloth . The films makes a legitimate point about promotion up the corporate ladder in the most humorous manner possible.The characters in the film are all caricatures of idealized cubicle dwellers , and remind me of a cross between `` Dilbert '' and the cast of `` The Office . '' The film is well acted , and you will see favorite actors from several favorite sitcoms
 Well , this movie is just as good as a million dollars to me . If you do n't love this movie you do n't have a funny bone in your body . This movie is just as funny to me today as it was the first time I saw it . Hundreds of viewings have n't watered it down as has happened for me with other films such as Half Baked . No ... this is the real deal . Every character is great , every scene is hilarious . This is a perfect movie and I do n't think it can ever be topped . 20 years from now I will still be quoting lines from this movie . If you have n't seen this movie yet , where have you been ? Oh , you simply have to own this movie .
 A must have ! This DVD is great and arrived in great condition/new . If you 've ever had a job you hated you can surely enjoy this comedy ! As always , arrived in a timely manner thanks to Amazon !
 No DVD collection is complete without Office Space . It 's a classic . My friends and I are always making references to this movie . Red stapler , that 's my red stapler . Yeeeeeah , I 'm gon na need you to put the cover sheet with the TPS reports . Great movie !
 If you are a fan of the Dilbert cartoon strip , you will enjoy this parody of the workplace . The Special Edition version includes extra scenes not seen in the original release and helps to pull the entire story together.When you view this , remind yourself that you are not at the office .
 The title says it all . This is one great movie , if you 're thinking of purchasing it , I HIGHLY recommend it .
 I was going to say `` best office comedy '' but I did n't want to limit the recommendation . This is one of the best comedy 's EVER ... period . Having worked in a `` big company '' for the last 30 years I can say that this one hits VERY close to home . Yep , we even have `` Milton '' types where I work . This is one of my `` desert island '' movies and I would never give it up . Worth many many viewings . I loved it .
 This movie is so funny . After reading some of the bad reviews , it 's apparent that some reviewers have never worked in an office or just simply do n't have a sense of humor or do n't understand sarcasm.A good indicator of if you 'd enjoy this movie is if you agree with the following statements ... Do you like satire ? YESDo you like sarcasm ? YESDoes the perky office person drive you crazy ? YESDid you enjoy watching any episode of Beavis & Butthead or King of the Hill ? YESAre you tired of your boss being a jerk ? YESIf you ever worked in an office , you 'd be able to relate to this movie . But it 's not something you 'd want your kids to watch if they 're under 14 . YOU 'VE GOT TO SEE THIS MOVIE if you want to laugh !
 In my circle of friends there is no film quoted , referenced or talked about as much as ` Office Space ' . It is the collective favorite ; the one film we can all agree on to have entertained us in every way possible . Not a week goes by that this film is not mentioned among us and not once do we pass up an opportunity to watch this movie , even if only in part . For instance , this film has been in rotation on Comedy Central for the past few months and in those past few months my best friend and I have watched this movie , in whole or in part , at least twelve times.Why?It 's that good . ` Office Space ' is truly one of the richest comedies I 've ever seen . From the very start to the very end it delivers laugh after laugh , each as genuine as the one preceding . That I think is the kicker . Each joke , each gag , each laugh is just as purely entertaining as the last one , none of them fall south or feeling forced . Each scenario is so real and so relatable that it all becomes all the more hilarious because we feel as though we 've been here before . Who has n't had the condescending and overbearing boss who just ca n't seem to take a hint ? Who has n't had the obsessive compulsive co-working who ca n't seem to get out of your way ? Who has n't had that one pesky piece of office equipment that just wo n't seem to work right ? Who has n't had that overachieving co-working that just wo n't seem to get out from under your skin?The point is that ` Office Space ' could be re-titled ` Your Life ' in the essence that it is so real and down to earth . Sure , parts are exaggerated , but are they really?The story revolves around Peter Gibbons , a man who loathes his little cubicle of an office space at his horror show of a job and only wants to be free of the responsibilities of adulthood . His girlfriend is obviously cheating on him and wants for him to grow up . His friends all hate their jobs as much as he does but like Peter are too chicken to take any action about it . This is all until Bob Slydell is hired to evaluate who is really pulling their weight within the company and start making some cut-backs . This all happens just about the time that Peter is hypnotized and placed under a spell of serenity . While his friends Samir and Michael are fretting over losing their job Peter is slacking off , showing up late -LRB- if at all -RRB- and doing his best to upset his boss Mr. Lumbergh . Then the three friends concoct a plan to end their worrying forever , but of course it 's going to backfire.Ron Livingston is brilliantly cast as Peter . His laid back portrayal of Peter is marvelous . Ajay Naidu does wonderful things with Samir , but it 's David Herman that steals this entire film with his neurotic and aggressive portrayal of Michael Bolton -LRB- yup , you heard me right -RRB- . Supporting parts played by Jennifer Aniston , Diedrich Bader and Gary Cole are sure to entertain and leave an impression and of course Stephen Roots portrayal of Milton is sure to elicit plenty of laughs.What is really great about ` Office Space ' is that it 's not just out there to bash corporate America but in actuality it attacks the work environment in general . Sure Peter and his corporate business woes are prominent here but we are introduced to Joanna , Peters love interest , and her struggle with her waitressing job at Chotchkie 's , a restaurant chain in the vein of TGI Fridays . As she battles with her boss obsessed with ` flair ' and being compared to her co-worker obsessed with kissing up and being teachers-pet so-to-speak we see the ugly side of the workplace from a whole different perspective . It 's such a well rounded comedy that you ca n't help but appreciate the irony.I ca n't think of enough good things to say about this hilarious satire . All I can say is see this movie again and again for optimum enjoyment and laugh your butt off . You deserve it . You work all week long and have little to show for it . It 's about time you embrace your own misery and find all the humor there is to find in your puppet dance for the man .
 1 Blu-ray disc , released February 2009Some comedy classics stay fresh forever . This one still wins after eleven years . `` Office Space '' is a Mike Judge comedy about the cubicle life . There are so many memorable characters ! Lumbergh played by Gary Cole who drags out all his sentences and Milton played by Stephen Root who is the squirrelly guy with management issues and a red Swingline stapler.It embodies a fantasy of what many office workers feel their life is like and what they would love to do about it working up to the beat down of the fax machine.Bonus Features : There is a new trivia track called `` Post-It Pandemonium '' where post-its appear on the screen in random places with facts you probably did n't know or ever need to know necessarily ... I thought it would be cool but after a while it gets a little annoying since they cover up faces and other stuff on the screen.If you like games , this has a bunch . You can play Grab the Stapler , Printer Beat-Down , Whack-a-Drone , and Jump to Conclusions 2.0 . The `` Out of the Office '' Office Space Retrospective with Writer/Director Mike Judge allows you to see the animation and voices in the cartoon where Milton and Lumbergh originated . It goes over the casting process of how they found each actor and how that actor interpreted their characters and motivations . There are also eight deleted scenes where Peter is being caught in a lie about his whereabouts , Happy hour at the restaurant where Peter talks about the hypothetical no job scenario , Peter goes off on Nina , Peter grandstanding about life and revelations which does n't make a lot of sense at that moment in his new carefree zen state , etc. . As with almost all deleted scenes , the movie is better without them .
 Let 's face it . Unless you 're in management , work is the most boring thing about your day . Especially office work . I 've worked in an office for years , and the moment I saw this movie , I knew Mike Judge had wrote from personal experience.This movie is about a guy who hates work so much and does something about it . He just quits going . No worries or cares in the world . His friends , however , are still busting their butt to keep their jobs during `` house clean up '' , while trying to get him to be more motivated during these times.I 'm sure you 've all seen Office Space anyway , so you know the comedy is terrific , the cast has great chemistry , and Milton is missing pay checks . Now onto the difference between Blu-Ray and DVD , since this is a review for the Blu-Ray edition of the film.I 'd say two years ago , when I bought a PS3 and a few Blu-rays , I never thought I 'd buy an older comedy . I made a rule I 'd only buy action-type movies on Blu-ray . Comedy can stay on DVD . This film really is one of the best examples of a good transfer . The picture is really , really clear . You can see so much more detail in the little things , that help you feel like you 're at work -LRB- ugh -RRB- with the guys . The sound is awesome , the menu is clever , and most of all , they added all the deleted scenes on the disc . This is a must-buy for comedy lovers , and a must have for anyone who hates their job .
 According to insiders at Fox Entertainment , `` Office Space Special Edition , With Flair ! '' is scheduled for release on August 2 , 2005 . No details on what the extras are yet , but it 's about time this hysterical flick gets some SE treatment ! So , if you do n't own this already -LRB- or even if you do -RRB- , wait until August and we 'll all be able to see this movie with the Flair it deserves instead of the no-frills version currently available .
 Has work crushed your spirit and zapped your energy?Does the work you do lack purpose , passion and satisfaction?Have you been beaten down?Is your work today just like yesterday and the day before?Do you drag yourself out of bed in the morning and barely make it into the office EVERYDAY by 8 ? Do you dread EVER having to go back?Are you simply going through the motions?Do you feel like you are in a white-collar cubical prison?Then this movie is for you!There is lots of understated office humor in this one.Rating
 This movie is simply one of the great comedy 's in the history of film . The humor is just so spot on . From the gawky white ultra geek who thinks he 's down to the so perky you want to strangle her receptionist , he really captures what its like in white collar America these days . And to top it off the films filled with classic , quotable lines -LRB- `` Why should I have to change my name ? Michael Bolton 's the one who sucks '' -RRB- . This flick towers over most of the stuff being put out today that 's called comedy .
 From the opening scene , when Peter Gibbons 's -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- freeway-jammed car is outpaced by an old man on a walker , to the Monday-morning showdown between Man and Copier , you know this is gon na be a good movie , and it does n't disappoint . Anyone who has ever sat in a flourescent-lit cubicle listening to easy-listening music for hours at a stretch , week after week , with nothing to look forward to but more of the same until retirment -LRB- assuming you do n't get downsized first -RRB- can relate to `` Office Space '' -- a surprisingly good first effort from Mike Judge , the guy who produced the lowest of the lowbrow , Beavis & Butt-Head , and later the more subtle `` King of the Hill . '' The performances are really good all around
 Anyone who thinks they are going to see a live action Beavis and Butt-Head is going to be very disappointed . That is unless they are a cubicle dwelling fan of the dim-whitted pair . Created by Mike Judge -LRB- who is also responsible for the aforementioned duo and the TV show `` King of the Hill '' -RRB- , Office Space takes all of our daydreams about work and puts them in a movie . Have n't you ever wanted to steal a cordless drill and take out that cubicle wall that 's right in front of the window ? How about fresh fish for lunch ? How about telling your boss that you are too busy to deal with him ? Especially when you are in the middle of eating junk food and playing an important game of Tetris . A smart and funny film , Office Space also deals with other issues , like get rich schemes , thin walled apartments , testy fax machines , and watching Kung-Fu with Jennifer Aniston . Dilbert has some competition , and his name is Milton .
 If you have ever worked in the land of cubicles you will truly relate to this movie . It is one of the funniest movies ever created !!!!!
 This will go down in history as one of the most brutally honestly histerical movies of all time . I saw this movie back when it was released and it has always resonated as the funniest movie ever , mostly because it pokes fun in the hilarity that is our lives . There 's nothing over the top about this film . Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- could be you , and you could have his life , and his luck , and thats the greatest part about this movie . You can relate to the situations that make this film so enjoyable , and yes , hilarious . Peter works a dead end job at a computerish type company with friends Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- and Samir Na ... Na ... `` Not gon na work here anymore '' and they all hate it there . There boss Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- is a complete pain in the @ $ $ and Milton -LRB- Stephen Root -RRB- is well , weird . -LRB- Actually Milton 's subplot involving his employment - or lack there of - and his stapler serve as some of the funniest scenes in this film -RRB- Peter 's girlfriend Anne left him and he 's trying to hook up with Joanne -LRB- Aniston -RRB- who is waitress at a local ` bennigans ' type resterant . When they finally get fed up with their situation they decide to take action and come up with a scam to rip off the company . Hilarity ensues as their plan backfires . David Herman serves as the funniest person here , with his pure hatred for the singer Michael Bolton and life in general . Diedrich Bader plays Peter 's hilarious hillbilly neighbor . This is a great film that will supply more laughs than not and should be seen by everyone !
 When I was twenty four I had the most awful job and the most horrible boss in the world . I used to come home every night and weep tears of rage and frustration that my life had shoved me into this hideous corner ruled by an unpredictable , illiterate control freak . She -LRB- sorry - this feels good - maybe I should let it all out -RRB- was one of those horrific people who is appalling at communicating and yet believes themselves to be a `` people person '' . With a slight grasp of management speak she would jumble metaphors and clich&eacute;s `` You 've got to be on board about this '' whilst gesticulating in a strange half-knowledge of body language intended both to put me at my ease and to communicate her assertive demeanour . The result was a stream of gibberish accompanied by contortions . It would have been amusing if it was n't actually my life . `` Office space '' was a source of enormous comfort . I mean - I was really bad at my job . What my boss lacked in communication skills I could match with poor organization and sadly this prevented me from feeling too hard done by . Peter , , - the main character in the film - is perfectly alright at his job . However he is constantly chided by his eight bosses for putting the wrong cover on a set of reports . Attention to detail was never my forte . I 'm with Peter all the way.He works in a cubicle surrounded by ghastly people . A woman with a really annoying voice . A strange sociophobe who has a weird attachment to his stapler . A dreadful boss who begins each sentence with `` Hey , what 's happening '' . American for `` can we have a chat '' . Christ I 'm glad I do n't work in an office any more . His job is made tolerable -LRB- just -RRB- by two fantastic mates - Samir a foul-mouthed Muslim who taught me some new ways to swear and a marvellous geek lumbered with the name Michael Bolton . . There 's a love interest too
 This one makes me laugh everytime , if you 've ever worked in a cubicle you will appreciate the humor and the office politics .
 Anyone who has ever worked or dreamed of working in an office atmosphere can sit back and enjoy the comedy and humor in this unforgettable movie . Once you see it , it only gets better each time you watch . It 's a classic ! Our family wanted it in blu-ray format .
 it 's one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen -- right up there with Airplane -- if you like that kind of humor .
 This dvd has so many funny stars in it . It 's funny from the first scene to the end . I suggest it to all my friends and family who has n't seen it yet .
 anyone who has worked in corporate America will connect with this movie in the first few minutes . the laughs come constantly , and the stupidity of the corporate mind-set is laid bare . truly a must see for all the frustrated workers who are left scratching their heads over directives coming down with no logic as to what the expected outcomes these directives will achieve .
 I bought it as a gift for my dad , he used to have it on vhs and had to get an update since we laugh at it so much .
 Well , you are just the individuals that can appreciate this &#34; company humor &#34; movie that takes more than once to catch all of the inuendo and funny lines that this movie offers . This is more than just a funny dig at corporate America it is about every person who has been disenchated with their job and just loves to laugh !!
 A timeless classic , I watch this movie every few years and each time I enjoy it more and more . &#34; and about those TPS reports , yeeaah &#34;
 He requested this DVD for Christmas . He is excited to add this to his Blu Ray collection . Great price and quick shipping !
 Went to Costco and they had a Swingline Red Stapler ! Now I need to find more bling and smash the copier at work .
 Hilarious - I especially liked the guy who mumbled so much & was so protective of his stapler - & fianlly gor his revenge ! That made me cheer for him ! As I watched the movie , I wondered if the maker was inspired by the films of Jacques Tati .
 This movie is hilarious even the 5th time you see it . It 's a classic , especially if you have ever worked for or in a large office . Everyone should see it at least once . Some foul language and adult situations , so not for young children .
 I just love this film and as I get older I like it more and more . Even though I have n't worked in the USA for years and years , the years I have I can so relate to this film . When it first came out I loved it and now I use words like genius to describe it . Captures both the cooperate culture and chain restaurant industry so well it 's almost scary.The story follows a group of people working at the lower corporate level a tech firm in the 90 's . I just so happened to work for tech firms in the 90 's and although all of them were n't like this , the majority were . But as long as you have worked at any business in the corporate office level you will get a kick out of this film . It covers all the normal office politics , annoying office mates , type A personalities , horrible upper management , worker bees and everyone else you will find in this environment.The main characters are a low lever programmer and his work mates . The main antagonist is of course the boss and his minions but its more a statement of a man exploring his place in life and where he really would like to be . And surprisingly his desire is not to be rich and powerful but just in a position to enjoy life at his own pace.There is also a peripheral character who works as a waitress at a chain restaurant similar to TGI Friday 's or Applebee 's . Anyone who has ever worked in the restaurant industry will really appreciate this story line and the truths it reveals through her tormentuous struggle . Just brilliant!Also , I have to comment briefly on this version the Bluray , `` with Flair '' edition . Even a film of this calibre benefits from such a beautiful picture . They did a very nice transfer.I am not one of those people who like the commentary on most of these types of things but Mike Judge and the rest of the cast did a nice modern update for this edition and it was neither too long or self promoting . I really enjoyed it.And lastly , the deleted scenes were really funny!Great Friday night film . Get some good snacks , some beers and prepare to laugh and cringe !
 I ordered the Office Space for someone 's gift who has never seen the movie . I havewatched the movie many times and I know the person I bought it for will reallylike it . I liked the price and the quick delivery .
 When this movie first came out , everyone in my office was talking about it , and urging me to see it . A friend and I went to see it , and we were laughing so hard , my sides hurt . Not just a funny movie , it was a near copy of my every day life , and I knew why everyone I worked with was urging each other to see it ; it was as if they had filmed it at our office!The office in the movie could have been filmed at our office ! The cubes , the walls , the carpet ... exactly the same . -LRB- even the same color ! -RRB- The characters , from the annoying co-workers , the boring birthday parties , and even the outside `` consultants '' who came in and essentially made everyone re-apply for thier jobs . Great movie ... for anyone who was ever so bored and fed up with thier jobs that they thought they could n't stand another day !
 I do n't think anyone can say there was ONE unfunny sequence in the entire first 40 minutes or so of Office Space . The only real problem I have though with this cult classic is Jennifer Aniston , the film is about office drones being miserable and eventually planning revenge , what did some hackneyed love story have to do with it ? Did anyone feel ANYthing for that relationship ? It was n't really funny when they talked together , it did n't really end on a romantically satisfying note , the whole point of that sub-plot seemed to be to market Office Space to the vast number of Friends fans at the time.Oh well , Office Space is still one of the best comedies made , just a minor complaint .
 This movie is one of my favorites of all time . Highly recommend this especially if you work in an office environment !
 I watch this movie once every couple of years and it is refreshing every time !! Why is this movie so relevant still in 2012 ? God ! nothing seems to have changed in corporate America !
 What can I say besides Great service will definitely do business again . Also I highly recommend buying the movie Office Space
 Mike Judge is a comedic genius . Yes , Idiocracy and Extract , are NO WHERE near as funny , as Office Space , but that 's totally ok . Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill have \ had excellent writing and as Judge 's first live action feature , Office Space has become one of the top comedies \ cult favorites of all time.ALL of the actors \ characters are fantastic , especially , `` Bill Lumbergh '' and Stephen Root 's `` Milton '' . SO MANY memorable lines and scenes . You just have to watch and enjoy.And of course , the famous , copier smashing scene.Ron Livingston plays `` Peter '' , a man who is tired of his job . Being constantly , hounded about TPS reports and dealing with his cheating wife , as well as watching his co-worker friends being treated unfairly by his company , Peter decides to come-up with a scheme to leave his job in a BIG way . Along the way , he meets \ dates a cute waitress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , who is also having problems at her work of showing `` flair '' to her boss -LRB- Mike Judge -RRB- . Comedies and humor , really depend on a person . Not everyone is going to laugh at the samething , so if somehow , the humor of Office Space does n't make you chuckle , that 's fine . It 's not your kind of comedy .
 I 'm not sure it is essential to have worked in an office to enjoy this film , but I 'm certain it will hit home for those who have . The movie was a complete bust at the box office , which utterly mystifies me , because it is hysterically funny and reflects the experience of millions of people across the United States -LRB- and I assume elsewhere -RRB- . In an age where companies are seeking to lay off workers at any possible opportunity , this film has perhaps even more relevance now than it did when it came out in 1999 . The humor of the film works on multiple levels , but for me so much of it is funny with a twist of the knife , for much of the humor hints at a much more serious fact
 I first watched `` Office Space '' on a laptop in a Tuscaloosa hotel with my future wife . We were on our way to a conference , and she suggested that we watch this movie . It was n't too late in the evening , and the running time seemed reasonably short at approximately 90 minutes . I also figured that it would be pretty good , especially with Mike Judge as the writer and director . After having watched it several times since then , I am convinced that `` Office Space '' is one of the very best cinematic comedies made in recent years.Watching `` Office Space '' seems especially therapeutic after dealing with craziness at work . This probably explains the film 's broad appeal ; it resonates with people who have needed to suffer bureaucratic B.S. , the latest manifestations of `` office speak , '' and arbitrary rules at some point in their working lives . Of course , Judge himself drew upon his own memories of work in an office , which he finally escaped after hitting upon the idea for `` Beavis and B * tt-head . '' Although some people have criticized `` Office Space '' for not having enough `` funny stuff , '' they do n't seem to understand the subtlety of Judge 's humor , which leans towards the dry and sardonic . One could almost imagine Billy Wilder feeling at home with the plot , though he might have needed a little extra nudging to include the gangsta rap songs.With a cast that includes no `` big-name stars '' -LRB- except Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , no central performer clamors for attention with cloying `` hilarity . '' In fact , the quotidian nature of the characters actually enhances the humor . The characters in subordinate positions try to deal with inanities at work by stewing , fretting , and venting in private . Meanwhile , those with more power are content to reinforce the craziness because it guarantees their power , or because they are so entrenched in their positions that they do n't recognize the arbitrary nature of the rules they enforce.The characters are also funny because they remind me of people I have encountered throughout my life . Granted , they come across as caricatures to a degree , but the characters still seem more real than those conjured up for overly facile yuck-fests . In our own lives , many of us probably think that we are `` normal , '' like the main character Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- or his girlfriend Joanna -LRB- Aniston -RRB- . However , not everyone can be like Peter or Joanna ... or at least our perceptions of them as `` normal . '' Peter 's sudden `` transformation '' into a quasi-Zen warrior , as well as Joanna 's semi-stoner attitude , might just put them way outside the mainstream . In any case , I 've seen enough people who share similarities with one , or even several , of these characters : - Bill Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- , Peter 's passive-aggressive , narcissistic , and clueless Yuppie boss -LRB- complete with aviator glasses , power tie , and coffee mug -RRB- at Initech - Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- , Peter 's nerdy coworker who just itches to unleash his internal Navy SEAL and gangsta - Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- , Peter 's resourceful coworker who wants to `` make it '' in America - Lawrence -LRB- Diedrich Bader -RRB- , Peter 's no-nonsense , no-collar neighbor and de facto confidant at the thin-walled Morningwood Apartments - `` The Bobs '' -LRB- John C. McGinley and Paul Willson -RRB- , coldly congenial external consultants hired by Initech to figure out how the company can `` cut costs '' - Tom Smykowski -LRB- Richard Riehle -RRB- , the older Initech employee whose forced joviality barely disguises his anxiety about falling victim to The Bobs - Stan -LRB- a well-disguised cameo by Judge himself -RRB- , Joanna 's flair-obsessed boss at the T.G.I. Friday 's - like restaurant Chotchkies , which provides a non-office doppelg&auml;nger for Peter 's work environmentAnd yes , I 've seen a few people who remind me of Milton Waddams -LRB- Stephen Root -RRB- , the put-upon office gnome with his barely audible stream-of-consciousness mumbling , coke-bottle glasses , outdated sense of non-fashion , and a passive-aggressive attitude matching that of Lumbergh -LRB- and that Lumbergh ultimately underestimates -RRB- . Peter may be the story 's main protagonist , but one could see Milton as an odd sort of antihero as well . His almost incoherent mumbling , mainly consisting of requests to clarify matters regarding his salary , his desk , and his red Swingline stapler , acts as a more personalized counterpoint to the double-talk and nonsensical policies that drive Initech . Albeit in extreme fashion , Milton also demonstrates that greed can only propel a business so far , and that an ultimate moral obligation to one 's shareholders does n't always pay off.For `` Office Space '' aficianados , the `` Special Edition with Flair '' includes a 30 minute documentary that provides some insights into the making of the movie . Some of it might not seem like news to hardcore fans , but I learned a few new things
 This movie made an almost `` psychic '' connection with me ... the first time I saw it , I had just come home from my nightmare job -- many of the same things depicted in the movie had happened to me that very day , including the printer jam with that exact message `` Error - PC Load Letter '' , while trying to print a report that was already late -LRB- what the heck does that message mean , anyway ?! -RRB- . I related so well to this movie 's honest , astute , and technically correct observations of office culture in the 90 's , that the brilliantly original bits of commedy were almost incidental to me -LRB- I must have annoyed the heck out of my wife with outbursts like `` Oh my GOD , that 's so TRUE ! '' every two minutes -RRB- . I caught some of the more subtle humor in subsequent viewings.I 'll admit , the movie lost its hold on me about 2/3 in , when the main character -LRB- who had by this time become an icon to me with his new found `` no fear of consequences '' attitude -RRB- took a strange criminal direction , and his angst began to return . This seemed to break the consistancy . I wa n't too thrilled with Jenifer Aniston 's performance either , although I suppose that had more to do with her script . In any case , the second time I watched the move , none of this bothered me as much.I 've since purchased the DVD , and have worn this disk out playing it for friends . I 'll never get tired of this movie ... even the sound track makes me laugh . It 's a wonder that it did n't get better reviews , although I guess one really would have had to have experienced office politics in the 90 's to fully relate -LRB- I wonder when was the last time in the 90 's that Ebert heard , `` Do n't forget to fill in your timesheets ! '' -RRB- Some reviewers gave it low ratings claiming that it was `` lightweight '' ... okay , so it 's no Citizen Kane , but it certainly does n't claim to be either ! Give it credit for what it is -- as a lighthearted observational commedy , it 's brilliant . And that 's not to say that it was a total no-brainer either ... on an intelligence level , I 'd rate it much higher than say ... any movie ever made by the Fairley Brothers -LRB- and certainly much lower on the `` obnoxious bathroom humor '' - scale -RRB- . It 's a pretty sad testiment to the intelligence of the average North American that movies like `` Me , Myself , and Irene '' brought in more money than Office Space . I hope Mike Judge does n't let this stop him from creating another gem .
 If you 've ever worked in a tiny cubicle , pushed papers , and fought a worthless fax machine in an attempt to earn a living , you will love this movie . OFFICE SPACE is a hilarious movie that deconstructs everything that makes an office worker 's life so miserable
 After the hype that has been given to this release for months and months I am pretty dissapointed.The title of this release is slightly misleading . What they should really call it released slightly updated edition . If you have seen or own the original DVD release of Office Space you are n't missing much.What we have here is the same transfer and audio mix as in the first DVD , no commentaries or any other extras here . I would have liked to see a slightly better transfer done for this flick . Although this is not bad , there are some issues with it , mainly in the colors . The 5.1 track is still very nice by today 's standards and if one of the best mixed soundtracks I have heard on DVD.Now on to the `` flair '' . What we have is a crappy documentary that is sorely lacking . So much more could have be done there and more information given . It seems like a waste . Instead of spending the money on that lets get everyone in the room and give us a commentary . I 'd love to hear all these guys together just joking around , I read a magazine article a few months ago with them all talking about this release and that was better than what we got here.The deleted scenes are nice to see , and a few give some more insight into the story . Although they mention scenes in the documentary that are not included here , which again makes little sense.And that is it . Where are the Milton shorts that were supposed to be included ? You see 5 second clips in the documntary but I want to see them all.With the low pricepoint , if you do n't own this yet it is worth the money . If you have the first release do n't bother , you are n't missing anything .
 If you have ever worked in a cubicle farm for a technology company , or ROFL after reading Dilbert cartoons , and know what ROFL means , you will love this movie . Mike Judge -LRB- creator of Beavis and Butthead -RRB- digs into and makes fun of the things that people hate most about their jobs , with such accuracy that he must have consulted Scott Adams himself while developing the screenplay.With company names like `` Penetrode '' , this movie takes numerous humorous stabs at the idiocy foisted upon the modern working class by the `` management class '' , those highly-compensated stuffed-shirts with no more qualifications than an MBA hanging on their wall . These are the people who abuse you every time you make a mistake , and try to convince you that they are really your buddy in a thinly veiled attempt to keep you submissive and cooperative . Office Space tears into the very heart of the manipulative phony friendship ploy that so many managers think of as their `` brilliant '' management technique.So if you 're tired of being shocked every time you touch a door knob , and sick of having half a dozen different `` bosses '' giving you conflicting work assignments , then I highly recommend that you buy this movie and blow off some steam , before it 's too late!This film is a lot of fun to watch , but if you 're looking for an intellectually challenging work of art , this is not the film for you . The story is quite simple ; it is a single-layer story that conveys the same information on subsequent viewing as it conveyed during the first viewing . The visual and audio elements are interesting and entertaining , but not artistic . This is a fun comedy that a lot of people can identify with , not deep social commentary . However , the social commentary that IS in the film could n't be more timely.The DVD itself is mediocre . No extras to speak of , other than cast bios and one trailer . Transitions from one menu to another are slightly animated , and the way the DVD starts up is cute , but overall the power of the DVD medium is not utilized.Movie ------- Originality
 ... and why are you wearing only the minimum pieces of flair?This is a delightful comedy about the annoyances and indignities of the modern workaday world , as seen through the eyes of Peter , a cube-dwelling software developer , and his prospective girlfriend , a frustrated waitress at Chachki 's restaurant where over-eager teenagers -LRB- `` try the EXTREME fajitas '' -RRB- take your order.Although seemingly aimed at Gen-Xers , Office Space resonates with us older folks too . The characters and situations are hilarious , the dialogue wittily unexpected -LRB- `` during these conjugal visits ... . can you have sex with a woman ? '' -RRB- , and the only people who seem content with life are those who do n't do too much thinking -- like Peter 's neighbor , a happy-go-lucky construction worker whose sole concerns are naked women and beer.If you do n't enjoy this movie , it 's either because you lack a sense of humor or else you did n't get the memo .
 I 'm a US citizen who teaches English in Mexico . My -LRB- Mexican -RRB- fellow teachers frequently ask me why I left the `` American Dream '' behind in order to work for a low salary at a university in Baja , and they always seem rather unwilling to accept my portrait of life in corporate America . I first watched this eerily realistic spoof on TV a couple of years ago , and I intend to order it for our school library with the hope that watching it will convince both students and teachers that life in the US is n't all that it 's cracked up to be.If the movie were n't so hilarious and extreme , it would almost qualify as a docudrama . It is very well cast and acted , and I must agree with the reviewer who finds it to be underrated .
 I gave this tape away as Christmas presents and bought a copy for myself , as well.First time I saw it , I had hit play on the VCR not knowing this movie -LRB- Office Space -RRB- was in the machine . -LRB- it was my daughter 's rental - I 'd never heard of it -RRB- The opening scene is a traffic jam where an old man on a walker -LRB- beside the roadway -RRB- is making more forward progress than Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- in his little Toyota . You * feel * his pain ... That is how Peter 's day begins.From there , we go to problems with `` The Memo '' and the cover page for the inter-office report and of course , some copy machine issues and on and on . -LRB- the copy machine does finally get what it * richly * deserves -RRB- The whole scene about `` the red stapler '' is just classic comedy . One of the top 10 funniest scenes in cinematic history.However , the drywall installer -LRB- played by Diedrich Bader -RRB- steals the show . Peter asks him `` What would you do if somebody told you ' I think someone has a case of the Mondays ? ' '' to which the drywaller gives a fair , honest and accurate answer . HILARIOUS!This is comedy.There are many wordy-dirds throughout the flick , but if you can get past those , you have a hilarious movie.In our own family , the classic lines of `` Office Space '' have become part of our own vernacular ... such as `` What 's Happening ? '' and `` I was told I could play my radio ... `` We * loved * this movie . This is too good to rent . You 'll need your own copy to watch again and again.In summary - it is intelligent , subtle and thoughtful humor . Looks like it was written by someone who has quite an understanding of life in the cubicle , because the whole flick has MANY elements of truth !
 When I first saw `` Office Space '' in theatres I was more than happy with the results . The word funny ca n't really help you grasp the hilarity of this movie , and if you have n't had the chance to catch it yet do n't delay any longer . It often escapes me why this movie did n't bring in millions at theatres , instead it ended up becoming a cult classic among teenagers and adults alike . Mike Judge did an excellent job with a movie that never ceases to have me in stitches , while Ron Livngston 's portrayal of Peter is picture perfect.The DVD however is another story , it lacks many features that are deserving of such a classic movie . Besides a scene selection screen , theatrical trailer , Dolby Surround sound and Language selection this is a lacking DVD . The least they could of done is thrown in the `` Milton '' shorts created by Mike Judge that the movie was loosely based around . I 'll admit it 's refreshing to see such a clear presentation , my VHS copy has become old and worn after many viewings.Like I 've said the movie is great , the DVD is a little rough around the edges and could of used more features . But if you have the choice between this and VHS format , spring for the DVD version , the quality is noticeable , and hey at least you 'll have scene selection .
 Evidently art does mirror life when Mike Judge tries his hand at movie making . Office Space has become a cult classic of sorts . I 've worked in a corporate environment for seven years now and this movie is just as funny now as it was when I first saw it back in the day . Its scary how little the work place has changed.Mike Judge assembled a great crew to pull this movie off . The sets are great , from Initech 's cubicle mazes , to Chotchkie 's all to familiar decor , to Peter 's apartment . He 's got a great cast with Ron Livingston playing our everyman main character . Perhaps it is Gary Cole as Bill Lumbergh that makes the best impression as the oh-so-subtle manager without a clue . Or maybe its John C. McGinley as Bob the efficiency expert that steals the vote for best supporting actor in this comedy . But how can you forget Stephen Root as Milton , the inspiration for this comedic adventure . And I ca n't leave out David Herman or Ajay Naidu as the poor dopes that get roped into Peter 's clever scheme . Oh yeah and Jennifer Aniston is in it too.The script is great , especially when it flings its barbed humor at the corporate world . Things falter a bit when Peter scheme kicks into action , but there are plenty of good bits after as well -LRB- my favorite being the fate of the office printer -RRB- . The use of gangster rap music is appropriate , but I know some viewers wo n't appreciate it or the use of colorful language throughout the movie.This is a great piece of entertainment , and proves that Mike Judge is as good with live action films as he is with animation . He would go on to confirm this with his satirically stupid look at an incredibly dumb future in Idiocracy . Get both these films and you have one heck of a double feature .
 This movie has been my # 1 Comedy for many years ... still is ... and most likely will continue to be for many years to come . It speaks to anyone `` raised '' in a cubicle - you will find in almost all the characters `` someone '' you knew at some point in your life , when you worked at `` so and so '' . So many real-life scenarios I felt as if someone had been watching me with a camera back in those days ! And every time I 've watched it -LRB- and yes ... that number is in the `` double '' digits -RRB- I always find something that I overlooked or have forgotten about and rediscover it with delight and laugh out loud all over again , as if for the first time ! A true gem ! Feeling blue ? Just pop this movie ... you 'll forget your worries - if only for a couple of hours ...
 Funny stuff right here ! `` Looks like someone is having a case of the Mondays ! '' Only problem I had with it , which may be a problem with my computer is that I could n't get the DVD-ROM things to work , I got the game to work , but the sound clips and everything would n't . Not sure if that 's just my computer or what . But I recommend the movie .
 There is not a workplace in the world that one can walk into and not find somthing that parallels this something in this movie . This was Mike Judge 's live action directoral debut , and he hit this out of the ballpark . Known for bevis and butt head and King of the Hill , Judge placed together and excellent cast to bring out the best humor that many of us can relate to in a close quareters office based setting . From the Fax Machine to the Memo 's , to The overall dissatisfaction and unfulfillinness of the job . The there is Milton ... just an awsome character . Laugh until it hurts . Buy this movie , you will watch it over and over , worth the investment
 If they made a live-action `` Dilbert '' movie , it might resemble `` Office Space '' -- a hysterically funny office film by Mike Judge -LRB- of `` Beavis & Butthead '' fame -RRB- . Filled with quirky characters and a hilarious employee rebellion , this is a movie for anyone who ever felt trapped in a soul-destroying job.Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- spends every day in a cubicle , doing pointless work under the thumb of his smarmy boss . His life is boring , and he does n't even have the confidence to tell the pretty waitress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- that he likes her . In an effort to relax , he accompanies his controlling girlfriend to a hypnosis session . Unfortunately , the hypnotist dies of a heart attack ... while Peter is still under.The next morning , Peter wakes up happy and laid-back -- and determined to get out of his rotten job , and live fat and happy . He conspires with Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and ill-named Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- -- two coworkers who are about to be axed -- to skim money off the company 's assets with no one the wiser . Only problem is , their scene is rapidly spinning out of control . `` Office Space '' started off as an early 90s animated skit , featuring the character of Milton . You know , that increasingly deranged employee who complains that `` you took my stapler . '' This time , Milton is a minor character , although a pivotal one . The focus is mainly on the mellowed-out Peter and his wild scheme to profit the downtrodden employees of Initech.Judge creates a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers , layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film -LRB- `` Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh ... uhhhhhhh ... '' -RRB- . This brand of humor is twisted , down to the slow-motion , ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field . And of course , the dialogue is quietly insane -LRB- `` Oh , and next Friday ... is Hawaiian shirt day ... '' -RRB- as the plot grows grows more and more tense ... until you know someone has to snap.The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there 's Peter , whose newfound perspective is immensely entertaining . There 's Samir , who can barely restrain his simmering rage at his rotten job . And there 's Michael , who has a seething resentment that he has the same name as THAT sappy singer . Jennifer Aniston does a pretty good job as a love interest for Peter -- a waittress who hates her job as much as he hates his . `` Office Space '' has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny , strange , and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles . Make more movies , Mike Judge -- especially if they 're as good as `` Office Space . ''
 Current events mixed with old tales and office lure mix to create one of the best comedies around . This film along with the red Swingline stapler had achieved cult status.As I look around -LRB- and stand up -RRB- I can see all the personalities depicted in this movie . If anyone wanted to see a movie that mimic like real life this one is it and maybe `` Joe Versus the Volcano '' -LRB- 1990 -RRB- 0790741393 . This is much more real than `` 9 to 5 '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- ASIN
 Great fun film . Really is timeless and more relevant today . With Michael Bolton references , ya ca n't go wrong .
 As the title says , I can watch this one again and again -LRB- there is hardly a movie I 'll watch repeats save for few exceptions like Office Space -RRB- .
 A bored , badgered employee -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- at a run-of-the-mill tech company is accidentally hypnotized into blowing off his job , just as two of his co-worker friends are about to get laid off . His carefree attitude helps him woo a sexy , disgruntled waitress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , and he and his friends hatch a plan to plant a computer virus that sends fractions of pennies from the company 's transactions into a secret bank account.You have to get this special edition if you love Office Space . Special features and laughter all the way ...
 Anyone who has worked in an office will probably recognize a lot things in this movie -- from the office machines that never work to the claustrophobic cubicles . There are many memorable characters , from the smarmy boss to the mumbling paper shuffler to the beer-swilling neighbor of Peter , the main character . This is a hilarious fantasy-come-true about three guys who stick it to the company by creating a virus which will funnel company money into an account in their names . Jennifer Aniston plays Peter 's girlfriend but her role is pretty minor compared to the more interesting characters described above . When you 're in the mood for a laugh , this movie would be a good choice .
 Mike Judge did his homework . As a computer programmer , I can say that this satire is right on the money !
 This movie is a must see for anyone who has worked in a `` cubicle dweller enviromnet '' . This movie is much more true to life than I had expected -LRB- do n't fear the dog who barks , fear the dog who quietly growls -RRB- . Almost every scene in this movie has happened to me in some way , shape or form -LRB- `` PC Letter Load ?!?! What the -- does that mean ?!?! '' -RRB- . Anyone who does n't find this movie funny must either
 A very Funny movie with some great actors , especially the guy from MAD TV as Michael Bolton . The gangster scenes of the killing of the copy machine and the computer virus being put into the company they work for are hilarious !!!
 This is gut-splitting , laugh-out-loud comedy , similar to `` Clerks . '' It will warm the heart of anyone who hates bureaucracy and lack of a merit system at work .
 Anyone who has ever worked in an office can relate to this movie . I was laughing from beginning to end . As a commuter , I found the opening rush-hour traffic scene one of the best . Office Space will definitely be added to my video collection .
 Office Space reminded me of Swingers a little , in that I could really relate to the story yet it was hilarious at the same time . Ron Livingston is great as the tired of it worker , while Jennifer Aniston is very likeable as his girlfriend . I thought the whole Michael Bolton thing was hilarious , as was the murdering of the office equipment in the open field . Gary Cole played his role as annoyingly as anyone could have , and John C. McGinley was funny as the new staff hand . This movie should have done well at the box office , but anyone whose seen it knows how good it really is . I loved it at the cinema and again the day it was released on video .
 This movie was very funny and I highly recommend it . It is a story of something we all wish we could do , leave our workplace and not have a care in the world . In addition , the supporting actors provide lots of comedy for the movie .
 One of the funniest movies of the 90 's . I never watch a movie twice but I had to with this one . Watch it !
 THIS MOVIE IS SO TRUE TO LIFE AND IS MY FAVORITE COMEDY . I 'VE WAITED FOR THIS TO BE RELEASED SINCE IT CAME OUT . I LAUGHED OUT LOUD IN THE THEATRE . I 'M DEFINITELY BUYING IT ON DVD AND LOOK FORWARD TO WATCHING IT OVER AND OVER .
 I am a 56 year old railroad clerk and this is the funniest movie that I have ever seen . Go rent it now and buy it from Amazon when the price drops . it has everything from the inane and insane co-workers to the anal retentive bosses that we all know and hate . Simply the best comedy , ever .
 Office Space succeeds where Amercian Beauty and Fight Club fail . It captures the moribound existence of late ' 90 's office life in the suburbs without the overdrawn artsy pretentiousness of American Beauty and without the crazed plot twist of Fight Club . American Beauty tried to treat Kevin Spacey 's situations as comical and it came across as awkward . Not here . Director Mike Judge , of Beavis and Butthead fame , shows why he is the Hunter S. Thompson/Tom Wolfe of the ' 90 's . Throught his work , especially in Office Space , Judge reveals the ugly truth behind society 's facade of economic good times in an irreverant manner . Office Space should soon be a cult favorite thanks to its classic scenes that warrant repeated viewing . The slow motion death-by-baseball bat-beating of a fax machine is both hilarious and profound . Some deride the movie for its ending , but the film 's conclusion should not seem far-fetched to anyone who has read Voltaire 's Candide . So if you 're looking for a movie that captures what it means to be a young working adult without pompousness or art-house flavour , Office Space is perfect .
 Hey , it 's OFFICE SPACE ! I do n't need to write anymore .
 MiltonIn Office Space , Milton is seldom ever taken seriously . He is constantly being taken advantage of . First of all , Lumberg never returned the stapler that he had asked for several times . Not to mention , he asked to keep his desk where it was so he did n't have to move it again , but instead , he was pushed into the dark basement . So , in return , Milton took advantage of Initech , the company where he worked.My brother , George , bought Office Space , a few years ago . He really gets a kick out of it because he , too , wishes that he could get paid for doing nothing . There are several parts in that movie that he finds humorous . One day , he and I even mimicked the movie by smashing a computer monitor with a baseball bat . And for him , that was pure fun . But while George liked Office Space from the start , I had to watch it two or three times before I really started to admire the film . Now , every time I watch it , I find something new to laugh about.Near the beginning of the film , Lumberg took Milton 's red stapler - Milton 's favorite stapler because it did n't back up . And Milton automatically started to panic as his eyes widened and he started mumbling about how the last time someone took his stapler , they did n't return it . But even with the shock on Milton 's face , Lumberg ignored him ; he would simply override Milton 's voice and say his famous , `` yeahhh . '' WhenMilton realized that Lumberg was n't going to return the stapler , he even confronted the receptionist . She also ignored him.Taking Milton 's stapler was n't enough for Lumberg though . When Lumberg told Milton that he 'd have to get ready to move his desk , Milton pleaded not to because he had already moved his desk several times . In fact , he once had his desk near a window , but was eventually moved to a smaller cubicle surrounded florescent lights . But Lumberg did n't even consider listening to Milton . Instead , he told Milton that he needed to move his desk into the basement as soon as possible because there was n't enough room for him upstairs . Milton tried , again , to explain that he had already moved his desk so many times , and he did n't want to do it again . And once again , he was ignored , while Lumberg said , `` yeah , if you could move it that 'd be great . '' When Milton found himself sitting in the dark basement , that 's when he decided that `` that was the last straw . '' Milton was getting so angry lately that he even threatened under his breath that he 'd burn the building down.So in return , Milton decided to give Initech a little taste of what he was really capable of . He was going to tell Lumberg that he was taking his stapler back . When he charged into Lumberg 's office to retrieve his stolen property , the audience were led to believe that he discovered the money stolen by Peter , Michael and Samir , because he walked into the office in the scene right after the scene where Peter puts an envelope with the money under Lumberg 's door . Then , I can only assume that he burns the building down as promised earlier in the movie because the building is burnt right after the scenewhere Milton stumbles upon the envelope . Milton then vacationed on a hot , sunny beach without a care in the world . And he was living Peters dream - Milton was doing nothing.So throughout the whole movie , we were led to believe Milton was just an unattractive man who could be stepped on by anyone . We watched other people judge him , and we began to judge him too . But we were proved to be wrong about him ; he 's not as stupid as he seemed . He was bright enough to take the money without any remorse and simply go on vacation . And now , he had the power to boss other people around ; now he could get what he wanted . He , the one who had been taken advantage of , was now taking advantage of others . He was the one who prevailed .
 One of my favorite all time movies . I watched this movie shortly after it first came out on DVD after countless recommendations from coworkers and my boss -LRB- worked at a large broadband ISP/web portal company -RRB- . Like most people have said here , if you 've worked in an office environment you just relate to Peter
 I have previously ordered a few different products through Amazon.com and have never been let down yet . This movie arrived even earlier than expected and in great condition . Good job & keep up the good work . -LRB- If you have n't seen this movie yet , watch it . It 's awesome ! -RRB-
 The Bottom Line : Perhaps not the call-to-arms that office drones think it is , Office Space is a funny and warm comedy about the drudgery of modern life that captures the stiflingness of white collar toil better than Fight Club ever could .
 We received the DVD in relatively quick amount of time and it was in good shape and we were able to view it as advertised .
 This movie became on of my all time favorite movies after I first watched it . Although it did n't get a lot of attention while it was in theaters , it really is a great movie . Any of you that work in an office will love it the best.Giving us a look into our own lives as people working for the man , Office Space allows as to laugh at our own pathetic lives . Almost everyone will find something that reminds them of their own workplace somehow . From the forever jamming fax machine to the annoying secetary answering the phone.So if you have n't seen this movie , buy , rent , borrow , or steal it from your best friend and watch it . For your life is n't complete without it . And get me a report on it ASAP , mmmkay ?
 In case you did n't know , this movie is based on a recurring Mike Judge cartoon in the depressing 1993-94 season of Saturday Night Live . But the main character is n't the guy with the stapler ; it 's instead Ron Livington 's character , who , after being hypnotized by a counselor into being more at peace , does n't come in to work , yet gets promoted when new management comes in . Okay , so that premise is dubious , but everything else that happens in the movie -LRB- i.e. , being in a traffic jam where a walking elderly man passes you up , numerous bosses coming up to you for making a mistake , new bosses come and almost everyone is fired -RRB- should hit home with you , and if it does n't , then can I have your job ?? I got the DVD of this and I 'm glad that they did n't stick any special features on here because they 're always wack anyway . P.S. . This movie is fictional , so do n't do what the main character does in this movie . I wo n't give the plot away ; just see it and see what I mean .
 Unless you 're some kind of out of space alian , you 'll identify with some aspects of this movie . The actors are n't Al Paccino or Robert De Niro , and believe me , you can tell , but that 's not the point . The movie itself is just soooooooooo funny -LRB- not silly , but funny -RRB- because it 's picked out of real life.It 's like watching a stand up comedy .
 This movies is by far , one the single funniest movies I 've ever seen . They just do n't make enough movies like this . The characters are all brilliant and after watching it over 100 times I still laugh just as hard -LRB- if not harder -RRB- with each new viewing . A must own for anyone with half a brain !
 Do n't think twice about buying this DVD . This one of the funniest movies ever made . Do n't think-BUY
 This movie is VERY funny ! For those of you who work in cubicles , or work for a large corporate office , buy this movie ! You 'll be laughing your head off ! Sip your cola carefully while watching ... you are likely to spray it across the room with the next joke : -RRB-
 Watching this movie for the first time you will think it is funny . Watch it again and it will be even funnier . Your 3rd , 5th , etc. . . you will start to memorize all the lines because its so good . Every line is great , thats what makes this movie so good . Every part of the movie from beginning to end is hilarious . I mean how can you beat the jump to conclusions mat and the samir . . naga . . ahaga ... not gon na work here anymore lines . Also the lasting appeal is awesome ... the reason you should buy it . I do n't usually watch movies more than once or twice , but this movie is so good that i never get sick of watching it . Each time you watch it you will pick up on something new and laugh and laugh and laugh . Do n't even think twice , seriously , just buy it . If you do n't like it then i 'll pay ya $ 20 bucks !! Even if you are young , a teen , or old this movie will appeal to you .
 This is the one film in the entire history of cinema that I can wholeheartedly endorse .
 ... if this movie did n't hit so damned close to home it made me feel like crying at the utter pointlessness of it all . I 'm talking , of course , about the satirization of cubicle misery that this movie pulls off so painfully well . I feel like giving this video to every upper level executive so they can look in the mirror at what phony squareheads their jobs have turned them into . Humans WERE N'T meant to do the same thing day in and day out until they reach their sixties . So why do we do it ? Bills , that 's why . I feel depressed after watching this movie , not elated . Monotony is n't a word , it 's a sentence .
 There 's something about a study of life in a `` cubicle '' to which just about everyone can relate ; at least everyone who has ever had to get up every day , go to work and punch a time clock , then go home and wait to do it all over again the next day . In `` Office Space , '' writer/director Mike Judge -LRB- the guy who gave us `` Beavis and Butthead '' -RRB- captures the essence of the work-a-day world , in this case in an office setting , though it could be on any job anywhere , from the largest conglomerate to the smallest business concern ; anywhere a `` corporate structure '' is in place and employed . The subtle humor of Judge 's vision is funny , and often downright hilarious , and all with very little exaggeration of the way things really are , from the weekly `` motivational '' talks from the boss , to staff meetings , corporate `` mission statements '' and the protocol of cover sheets and memos , all of which -- as portrayed here -- have a sterling ring of truth to them . The central character of Judge 's story is a guy named Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- , a software analyst for `` Initech , '' who after working with a therapist finds himself in something of a transcendental state of mind , whereupon he divulges to a pair of consultants -- `` efficiency experts '' sent in to streamline the company 's operation -- that he does only about `` fifteen minutes of real work '' a week , due to the very structure -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- of the company itself . And his refreshingly honest candor in outlining his job description soon has quite an unexpected effect on his life , as well as that of a couple of co-workers . Judge perceptively expands the satire to encompass facets of Peter 's life outside the office , as well , which gives the audience even more with which to identify , like driving to work in bumper to bumper freeway traffic that has slowed to a stop -- in Peter 's lane -- while the cars in the next lane going flying by ; and when he changes into THAT lane , IT comes to a standstill while the cars in the lane he just left start to whiz on by . It 's an application of Murphy 's Law that -- while certainly nothing new -- works well within the context of this particular story , in which the humor is derived from emphasizing the annoying , mundane things that happen to us all on a daily basis . Like getting in the shortest line at the supermarket and taking longer than anyone else to get checked out . Livingston gives a notable performance , giving Peter that sense of the `` everyman '' who 'd like nothing better than to break free of the rigors of the 8 to 5 existence . He brings an affable presence to the screen that perfectly communicates what Judge is attempting to say , and does it in such a way that it validates Peter 's being selected as `` Champion of the Cause '' as it were . Also turning in memorable performances are Stephen Root -LRB- a terrific character actor -RRB- , as Milton , a guy whose very existence seems to be a study in suffering abuse and degradation ; and Gary Cole , as Peter 's boss , Bill Lumbergh , whose impudent , laconic methods of intimidation , delivered in such a droll manner , make him the boss everybody loves to hate . The supporting cast includes Jennifer Aniston as Joanna , the waitress with a minimum of `` flare '' who has trouble `` expressing '' herself , according to her boss ; Ajay Naidu -LRB- Samir -RRB- ; David Herman -LRB- Michael Bolton -RRB- ; Richard Riehle -LRB- Tom -RRB- ; Joe Bays -LRB- Dom -RRB- ; John C. McGinley -LRB- Bob Slydell -RRB- ; Paul Wilson -LRB- Bob Porter -RRB- and Diedrich Bader -LRB- Lawrence -RRB- . Reminiscent of the world portrayed in the `` Dilbert '' comic strip , `` Office Space '' works because it effectively puts real people in real situations , and brings you into contact with some characters you 're going to recognize ; I guarantee that no matter what you do to live , thrive and survive , you 've run into these people , worked for them , and alongside them . It 's a case of art reflecting reality , and to Judge 's credit he 's succeeded in making a funny movie that really hits close to home , without resorting to any gross or infantile humor to do it . It 's a film that simply puts the `` corporate experience '' in the spotlight and gives you a chance to laugh at `` the boss , '' and maybe even a little bit at yourself along the way .
 Have you ever had a case of the Monday blues ? I 'm having one as I type!Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- gets stuck in traffic , gets told he did n't file his TPS reports correctly by 3 different bosses , and gets hassled by the boss of his office ; Bill Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- . Faced with massive job cuts , the workers of Inotech are on edge . Even the copy machine stops working . Sadly the copy machine meets its demise in Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- . After going to a therapist with his girlfriend , Peter takes a deep breath , and simply does n't care anymore . He sleeps till noon and walks in late on a daily basis . Peter , Michael Bolton , and Samir voice their anger , complaints and hassles from their job during lunch . While at lunch he meets the lovely Jennifer Anniston at a TGIF type of restaurant during his lunch break . The company hires the 2 Bobs which weed out the dead wood within the office . Many are let go . Bob Slydell -LRB- John C. McGinley -RRB- comes upon Peter 's file and meet with him . Peter tells it like it is even without thinking he could be fired . The Bobs love him and even tell Lumbergh to promote him.All in all Peter , Michael Bolton , and Samir , who all are fed up with the company , cook up a scheme to embezzle company funds and pocket it ; to get even . Will they have the last word ? Will there scheme work?Mike Judge creates this laugh a minute outake of office life . Decent extras but all in all , this is a funny movie that definitely is for anyone who has experienced the Monday blues and/or enjoys comedies .
 This movie endures as a favorite in corporate -LRB- and government -RRB- circles because , unlike Dilbert , it 's still funny after all these years . The characters are fresh and engaging -LRB- except for the one name , Aniston somebody -RRB- , the storyline is edgy -LRB- if logically flawed in parts -RRB- , and it made me laugh several times . A great rental . Not to buy . No.It 's also pretty vulgar , though I admit I do n't get out much , being the father of two small children -LRB- my most important job , bucko -RRB- . Do what I did -- see it at home while on sick leave .
 This movie was the funniest movie ever ! And can be appreciated by anyone who is stuck in a cubicle .
 This is one that EVERY potential office manager should be forced to watch . You will find yourself saying `` I know that guy '' with every scene . Really great , hillarious , definate Calssic right off the bat !
 I Love this Movie and all the Characters in it . I recommend this to anyone who loves good Comedy .
 The other being `` Better Off Dead '' . It 's witty , it 's hilarious , and appeals to the GEN-X group .
 This movie is absolutely genius in several ways . The first one being that it relates to us all . The viewer of this film does n't even have to have worked in an office in their entire LIFE ; they just need to have worked in some type of environment . You 'll see plenty of familiar characters of everyday life . The second reason this film is brilliant is in its dialouge . The jokes are cleverly inputted and lead on to other jokes . You have to pay attention to the film and really be interested in what 's going on . My third - and final - reason for being why this film is really good is simple
 This movie 's tongue-in cheek view of the office experience - rather the office tedium is not only dead on , but magnifies every bad situation you 've had at work and then lets the protagonists get back at the bosses , consultants and all the other nutjobs you have to endure as co-workers . If you 've never worked in the Dante 's ring level referred to as cubicle , count your blessings , maybe you wo n't relate . However , if you have , do n't miss out on watching someone else suffer at it , while you die laughing !
 This is a classic movie and must have for anyone who has ever worked in an office of any kind . You definitely will recognize some of your `` friends '' in the movie .
 After being pestered my many people for years to see this movie , I have finally gotten around to it . The thing I guess I should say first is that while this is definitely a very funny movie , I think that it is somewhat overhyped . I do n't want people to think that it does n't deserve most of the praise it receives , for it is very enjoyable and very accurate . However , it is n't as groundbreaking/defining as many people make it out to be . Still , it 's a fun movie that everyone should see at least once.Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- is a mid-level corporate drone working for a generic software company , and it does n't look like he 's going anywhere in life . His best friends Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- , who has no relation to the singer , and Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- , who is tired of Americans being unable to pronounce his name , are also employed at Initech , and have similar outlooks for the future . The three spend their days hitting the printer that always jams and going to Chotchkie 's , a TGIFridays-type restaurant that employs the beautiful Joanna -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , who Peter constantly pines for . The other people in Peter 's life include Anne -LRB- Alexandra Wentworth -RRB- , his girlfriend whom he believes is cheating on him , Lawrence -LRB- the underused Diedrich Bader -RRB- , his construction worker neighbor , Milton -LRB- Stephen Root -RRB- , a mumbling coworker whose only loves in life are his radio and his red Swingline stapler , and Bill Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- , his evil , soulless boss who makes him work on the weekends and always starts sentences with `` Uh , yeah , what 's happening ? '' . When Peter is brought to see an occupational hypnotherapist , the doc does wonders for him . He is able to get Peter completely relaxed , but before he can wake Peter up , he keels over from a heart attack . Now , Peter has n't a care in the world . He skips work , breaks up with Ann , and asks out Joanna . And amazingly , just when Lumbergh is going to fire him , two `` efficiency consultants '' -LRB- played by John C. McGinley and Paul Willson -RRB- observe Peter 's behavior and believe that he just is n't being challenged enough at work , and they reccomend him for a promotion!Eventually , using his newfound apathy , Peter decides that they should make good on Michael 's constant quips about how he could write a virus that could scam Initech for millions . Of course , things do n't go as planned , and the results are of coures hilarious.This movie has often been lauded as being one of the greatest corporate satires ever made . While I believe that it does get many things right , I do n't think that this is anything new . That does n't prevent the movie from being funny , though . Lumbergh 's whole schtick about his personality and mannerisms is one of the greatest characterizations I 've seen in years . Furthermore , the whole Milton subplot where he is constantly being relocated by Lumbergh is fun just to see what Milton will mumble next . I also now understand a lot of the things that I 've heard people say in regards to this film -LRB- the case of the Mondays things is the most prominent -RRB- . Overall , this is a film that most people , especially those who work for corporations like Initech , should see at least once . My biggest gripe was the use of a lot of rap music , which I do n't particularly care for , so if that 's the biggest problem , that 's not bad at all . While it may not deserve all the hype it receives , there is still a lot of good to be said for Office Space .
 this movie is great . I love it , my friends love it , its a cult classic . About the only people who dont like it are women , im not sure why , however , some women like it , but if you a guy , this is the movie for you .
 Everything I see/do/hear at work reminds me of this movie . Not since Seinfeld has a comedy been so true to life.A much overlooked comedy , this is easily one of my top five movies of all time . Every time I watch this movie it cracks me up more and more . I find something new with every viewing , such as someones particular body language , or just a little comment . Plus , it 's a very quotable movie , with lines like `` Did you get the memo ? '' and `` O-face '' that my friends and I still use to this day.If you are a cubicle jockey like the rest of us , then you will laugh out loud during this movie ... the film just hits the bulls-eye every time . I highly reccomend this movie !
 Excellent Movie , but too bad when it arrived it had grease all over it . Very disappointed in the grease covered product .
 This movie is made for the DVD format . Repeat viewings . While some may call it over rated , and unfunny , those would be individuals who do not know the definition of funny . Please consult Wester 's dictionary , available for sale at this website.One thing I 've never seen mentioned is how ironic and funny this movie was , as a statement of the 80 's . The 80 's are generally overlooked . But this movie , casually shows many instances of reference to this often overlooked decade . For instance :1 -RRB- Did you notice they go for coffee in a restaurant coffee shop ? Not a stand in line , barrista style Starbucks coffee shop . Very indicative of the office workers in the Silicone Valley offices . I worked at a restaurant very similar to the one in the movie , and the office workers often came for coffee in the mornings , at the Peninsula , California city I worked in . And no , they did not require us to wear `` fringe . `` 2 -RRB- Did you notice the boss , as he walked around from desk to desk , he carried a ceramic coffee mug , not a papercup ? Another indication of the 80 's .3 -RRB- The fact that this movie was centered around the Silicone Valley , and computer companies , again was an indication of the 80 's computer rush .4 -RRB- Many other 80 's nostalgia references , can you think of any?Highly recommended.MC White said
 this is the most amazing movie ever written . Bottom line . The cast is great . the actors are faboulous and jennifer anniston is lookin quite attractive . Not a dull moment the whole time . ITS THAT AMAZING
 Relevant topic , great natural acting , funny , this movie has it all , almost . My big problem is with the soundtrack . The low-class rap garbage does not match the screen action or the themes in anyway , and only cheapens the film .
 Bought the movie not realizing that I had never seen the unedited version . Although the movie itself is great , I dont watch rated R movies and had to get rid of this one . I 'm sure the general public wont care though !
 Great movie , plenty of laughs , especially if you 've been there . Would love a version without the -LRB- c -RRB- rap soundtrack , talk about bringing a movie down ...
 Mundane trivialities have a significant importance in many people 's lives , as they have sunk into an existence where an income is more important than happiness . The unhappiness often begins with everyday routines such as getting back and forth from work while spending the majority of their time at a job where they are miserable . This suburban look on existentialism might be something that many can connect with , as everyday begins with the apprehension of the annoying alarm clock 's sound and the irritating traffic congestions . Meanwhile , the people tend to complain about the mind-numbing dreadfulness of their existence , as they do nothing to create a change for themselves . A resulting factor is that they have entrapped themselves in the corporate establishment where their desire of objects is larger than the yearning for happiness . Mike Judge 's film Office Space takes on the corporate induced melancholy through the eyes of a worn-out office worker Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- who takes matters in his own hands.The comical humor in the initial scene presents the notion of the large number of people who commute back and forth to work . Coming from Chicago , I can relate to the long and difficult ventures through the crammed highways , which also gets to Peter and his coworkers . This sequence also suggests how many people actually undergo the everyday torment of making a living , maybe with a job that they hate . Whether people hate their job , or not , the film encapsulates the essence of the frustration that comes with the occupational travel . In addition , Judge shows that he understands the accumulation of frustration , as the journey to work spills over into the working day when the workers vent their anger on uncooperative fax machines and annoyance of repetitive sound . If the problems were not enough with frustration and boredom , the bosses , here Bill Lundberg -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- , breathes down necks with overtime and better quality production . One of the frequent behaviors that helps Peter and his friends manage their frustration is to wish their lives away by desiring for time to move faster , which could hasten time to the returning commute home.The negative professional life that Peter possesses influences his personal and social life , as he returns home depleted after the emotional and psychological stress of his job . It even affects his sleeping pattern , as nightmares about work haunt him . The stress continues to increase as Initech , the company that he works for , has decided to downsize and his girlfriend has arranged for them to see a hypnotherapist to help deal with their relationship . However , amidst the hypnosis of Peter , that is supposed to help him feel more blissful , the therapist suffers from a heart attack . Peter remains within the peaceful ignorance of what is happening in his life , as he decides to sleep through the weekend and not go to work without feeling guilt , anguish , or any other kind of negative emotional response that would cause stress.The aftermath of not showing up at work for the weekend overtime begins to mount , and with the notion of the downsizing in the back of the mind , his future might seem dark in regards to employment and economy . However , in his mental state of happiness he finds strength to take control of his own life , which takes his life on a number of unexpected turns . If the corporate America experienced an overwhelming number of people undergoing hypnosis similar to Peter 's , it would drastically affect the national economy . With this in mind , the film provides an interesting thought in regards to personal happiness and the commercial industry 's desire to control people 's pleasure with what people need for financial profits.Office Space presents a truly remarkable societal comedy that reflects on the average person 's place in society in the shadow of socioeconomic status . It does so with a heavy dose of comic relief , as it portrays a wide range of interesting characters such as the flair wearing waitress Joanna -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , the closet tough guy Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- , and the enterprising Samir -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- . Then there is the muttering Milton -LRB- Stephen Root -RRB- who the company has laid off , but never informed . These characters all provide an essential part of the story , as they help mirror different elements of the society . The film also provides an empowering perspective of how some people find a way to dig themselves out of their own miserable existence when things look awful . Altogether , every aspect of the story such as the score , cast , and story accentuates the terrific comedy that blends societal issues with dry everyday humor in a bellyaching manner .
 The item was in perfect shape , the transaction was easy , and the product was received quickly .
 I do n't normally write review , just too lazy to do it . But this is an exceptional movie and I felt obliged to sound off.Watching the movies is akin to me having an out-of-body experience and watching me going through the same crap Peter goes through every day , perhaps even worse - 2 hour commute in heavy traffic , an desk inside a room with no windows , people around hounding for status reports , arrrgh!This movie is so funny that it found its way to our corporate day-to-day hate-this-job lingo . Feeling bad at work ? Watch this and guaranteed you 'll feel better .
 This film is such an accurate satire of today 's enclosed corporate environment that it 's almost surreal . It was recommended to me by a couple of colleagues @ work and now I well understand why . All of the usual office politics , personnel clashes , annoying bureaucracy , ever-present red tape , silly rules / policies and the fixation of management on meaningless matters.While watching this movie I sometimes almost felt like I was AT work myself . A few of the incidents brought back vivid memories of instances that I 've experienced . I 'm sure that most people who work in an office will find a whole lot in this story that they can relate to , just as I did.The one big name in the cast is Jennifer Anniston -LRB- big hair and all ! -RRB- who portrays a fed-up waitress . She does n't have too many lines but she is the one bona-fide celebrity who appears on the screen . I do n't recall seeing any of the other actors in anything else.If you 're a white color worker -LRB- and perhaps even if you 're not a white color worker -RRB- then this film is certainly worth a look . I would especially recommend it to persons in management as they just MIGHT understand how foolish they look in front of the working bees whenever they make stupid decisions . Yes , for management types this flick might be VERY humbling indeed .
 What 's amazing about this satire of office life -- its cubicle-enclosed dehumanization , its absurd rules , its malignant memoes , its dysfunctional employees -- is that everyone who has an office job and has seen the film bears witness to the fact that the grotesqueries in Office Space bear a realistic reflection to their real job . If anything , people at the office have anecdotes and employee profiles that are even more insane than those rendered in the film , which has become a sort of manifesto for those who are disenchanted with their office jobs . If you are a fan of this film , you might want to pick up a nonfiction memoir by Ian Levison called A Working Stiff 's Manifesto .
 this is a great movie . really great . it 's one of those quoteable comedies you can watch over and over again .
 This whole movie had me rolling on the ground laughing with tears in my eyes . The boss was so funny . He reminds me of one of my honors english teachers back in school .
 This movie is very funny , its not just for office people . Many many laughs and few stupid parts . Seriously if you havent seen this youre missing out !
 This is a comedy masterpiece in so many ways ... Great lines that never get old , great characters , and well , I can kind of relate to Peter 's character -LRB- If you 've ever had/still have a job you ca n't stand , you will too ! -RRB- I seriously could NEVER get sick of this movie - One weekend I watched it about 4 times in one day : -RRB- I really hope Mike Judge continues to make movies , he is a GENIOUS ! but I really wish he did n't stop Beavis & Butthead ... If you could just go ahead , and go buy this movie if you do n't have it already , that would be great , mmm kaaay?Nothin like smashing a printer in the middle of a field : -RRB- or putting fish heads on TPS reports : -RRB- or , um ok i think i 've said enough ... GREATEST MOVIE EVER !!!!
 Office Space is a story about a computer software technician , Peter , that is sick and tired of his regular routine of working all the time . His girlfriend makes him go to a hypnotist where he is told to not care anymore , which he does n't . Peter quits coming to work and doing as his bosses tell him to do . He even gets promoted for his ideas while his hardworking friends are being fired . Jennifer Aniston even ends up being his new girlfriend and she is much better than the first . This movie is hilarious especially with Peter 's two friends from the office and their knack for screwing up royally or just watching them get upset and explode . Even though it is based on a job done in a cubicle , Office Space , actually makes the job seem fun . Definitely , this movie is one of those that you will watch once and then eventually find yourself going back for over and over when you stay in for a night . Not a very good party movie but a definite choice when you want to laugh hard with your buddies or a certain special someone . It does n't matter who watches this movie with you because it is an instant hit with anyone who takes the time to sit down and watch it .
 Proving he has more than Beavis and Butthead up his sleeve Mike Judge wrote and directed this gem of a comedy about the dead-end world of a cubicle slave in a faceless corporation . Ron Livingston is Peter , one such cube dweller at Initech , a corporation we never learn much about -LRB- I think they develop banking software -RRB- . It 's not important , of course , because Initech looks and feels like so many offices in so many industries all across America . Bored to tears at his job Peter undergoes hypnosis at a therapist and suddenly snapping out of his routine , breaking up with his corporate girlfriend . He goes into a peaceful , carefree sort of trance where he coasts through work until two `` consultants '' -LRB- who signal the coming of layoffs -RRB- determine he 's just not being challenged enough at work . Meanwhile , Peter 's more productive friends are cut away on recommendation of their slimy manager , Bill Lumbergh , played by Gary Cole with such nauseating , weasle-like smarminess that you 've seen less talented people get Oscars for smaller roles . The trio of friends , tired of being the little guys , hatch a scheme to funnell money slowly and secretly from Initech . Meanwhile , a neurotic coworker slowly cracks as his desk is moved farther and farther away from everyone else ... Office Space is a must for anyone who has ever worked in an office . Sat at a cubicle . Wanted to take a fax machine into an open field and beat it with a bat while blasting Ice Cube . It captures American corporate microculture perfectly , laughing in the face of being micromanaged to death . But it touches on unversal elements and the laughs are steady , captured in the details like the boss everyone hates , or rap music in suburbia . A shame this got such a small theatrical release ; it found a nice following on tape and DVD.Here 's a small , low budget film delivering laughs and some wicked humor . This is Mike Judge directing but it 's not Beavis and Butthead by a longshot . Highly recommended .
 Peter is a cubicle worker who goes to see a hypno-therapist with his girlfriend and , as the therapist dies on the spot , is never awakened from his blissfull state . Subsequent events conspire to promote him , and with his two laid-off co-workers , he elaborates a plan to get rich
 If you work in any sort of corporate culture workplace including but not limited to internet companies , or dot com 's , then this is `` A MUST BUY '' for YOU!Absolutely hiliarious , you will NOT regret this purchase .
 if you have ever felt frustrated in your job , order this DVD and you will immediately start feeling better !! I have over 1100 DVD 's and this has to be in the top 5trivia
 Good movie and I 'm sure most people who work in an office can relate to it . It is serious and funny at the same time , a rare combination . Definitely not the average comedy like I thought it would be . If you 're friends with your co-workers , I suggest renting it and watching it with them . You 'll all get a kick out of it .
 The _ MOVIE _ `` Office Space '' gets 5/5 stars in my book . Yeah , the plot is minimal , but the dialog and the characters are wonderful ! However , I give the _ DVD _ only 3/5 stars . This movie has so much potential for an enhanced DVD experience , but there 's little in the way of extras . The trailer is included , but that 's about it . Some interactive features , director 's notes , or how about the _ original _ `` Office Space '' animation that focused on Milton !! I 'd love to get both in one package . So overall , 4/5 .
 This is simply the funniest most real-life comedy about the truly funny life of those of us who really work in an office !
 Everyone in my large group of friends owns a copy of this movie . I have seen it upwards of 100 times and can actually write the entire script almost word for word . It is hilarious and makes so much sense if you 've ever worked for a high tech corporation as a cubicle dweller . It could be about me when I worked at Reynolds & Reynolds
 The 4 stars is an average of a 5-star movie and a 3-star DVD . It would have been spectacular to have included the animated Milton shorts as well . Perhaps this was a licensing issue.On to the movie
 this film gets funnier and funnier vey time you see it if you hated it and only saw it once see it again if you liked it and only saw it once see it again it 's an okay movie for kids over 12
 Office Space is a great look at the duldreum of white collar work . This movie is funny throughout and is even better every time you watch . If you have n't seen this movie , go buy it now . Do n't just rent it because if you watch it once , you 're going to want to watch it again and again .
 A lot of people i know said this movie was just ok . I have to say this is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen .
 One of those films that gets better with each viewing . The first three-quarters of the film are excellent and worth 5 stars , though for me the last part of the film is not nearly as good . If you like this movie then I strongly recommend you check out a British TV series called ` The Office ' which is fantastic . Only available in the UK so you 'll need a muti-system DVD player and TV but well worth watching .
 All of us out there in cubicles can relate to the frusteration and comedy of this movie ...
 If you have ever worked in an office environment , you have to see this movie.I 've watched this movie over 100 times and I still ca n't stop laughing.I still use quotes from this movie on a daily basis .
 Yeaaaaaa , I 'm gon na need you to use the TPS report from now on ... I really was n't interested in watching this movie when my husband brought it home , but it is now one of my favorites ! It 's a cult gathering , and the minute you say those two little words `` ummmm , yeaaaa '' if you 've seen this movie , you know EXACTLY what the person is talking about ! I love Jennifer Aniston in Friends , but this is one of her better parts . It 's small , but it just fits her . GREAT movie and recommend it to ANYONE who loves comedy .
 If you too suffer from the fate of inhabiting a cube farm , I think you 'll enjoy this film.There is a range of characters that most office workers should be able to relate to , and a wacky set of circumstances that each pursue in their quest for some sort of freedom from the mundane ... Funny !
 I believe that for anyone who has had to work in a cube environment you will not only be able to relate to this movie and empathize with it 's characters but I almost believe that this movie could be considered therapeutic . If you have n't worked in a `` REAL '' office environment then I could see how some people might have jokes go over their head . This is a movie that I believe is equivalent to Charlie Chaplin 's movies of working life during his times . It is poignant and is a must for anyone who enjoys a movie that not only has good comedy but can also be an insight into the follies of what was and is considered a good working environment . ... and to think there was a time without cubicles ... Yeah ... I 'm going to have to ask you to come to work on Saturday ... thaaaaaaanks .
 Office Space will appeal to almost anybody who has worked in the corporate world . Pretty much everyone who has had to work in a cubicle will find something they can identify with in this film . Office Space uncannily recreates and satirizes situations most of us have had on the job , whether it is the ominous threat of a reduction in force , listening to corporate gobbledygook or dealing with a smarmy jerk of a boss.The difference between those of us in the real world and Ron Livingston 's character is that he loses all cares about his hated job and actually strikes back at the corporate powers that be . As such , the first half of this film is absolutely hilarious . We vicariously live out our dreams to smash the jam-prone printer , knock out a cubicle wall , and skip work for a day of fishing . Fortifying the movie are quirky supporting characters - a white computer geek who listens to gangsta rap , a perpetually cheery temp , a mumbling weirdo , and so forth.The movie does begin to drag a bit during the second half , as the story moves away from office rebellion , to a floundering embezzlement scheme . Nevertheless , this movie has something for almost everybody who has worked in the rat race , and is just the right thing to watch after a bad day at work . Mmmmmm , yeah .
 Office Space is one of the funniest films created . If you have ever had a job working in a cubical Office Space will be even funnier . This filmis a must have for anyones DVD collection .
 I love this movie for its cynacism and biting wit . My only complaint about the DVD is the total lack of extras . The original `` Milton '' cartoons from Saturday Night Live would have made excellent supplemental material . Does anyone know why they were n't included ? That said , this film is not to be missed if you enjoy a good laugh .
 This DVD is a must for anyone who has ever worked a technical job or in any company that subjected its employees to the now ubiquitous `` cubicle farm . '' !
 My friend hated his job . I got him to skip work one Friday afternoon . A couple of beers and `` Office Space '' and he quit on Monday . This is quite a nice little piece of work .
 This has to be one of the funniest films I 've ever seen . The key to this movie being such a success ... great writers . The jokes are so innovative and different . This movie seems to be so different from any other comedy or satire that I 've seen . I could not stop laughing . Very well done . Great for those of you who are n't too happy with your job . Relax and take a look at this movie . Also , very good on DVD . Very Nice sound and picture quality . Few extra features but it 's all about the movie . It 's also great to watch with a group of friends or even co-workers .
 An entertaining low-budget comedy . Although it seems to lose focus in the last half , it manages to be consistently enjoyable . Stephan Roots -LRB- ? -RRB- incarnation of Milton is quite rich . Many of the jokes are fairly obvious , but they 're also on target , and there 's just enough genuine cleverness at play to keep the movie alive and well all the way through . This film also features an absolutely brilliant -LRB- and brilliantly used -RRB- soundtrack of rap , and two stand-out , profoundly hilarious sequences . Definitely recommended .
 Anybody who has ever worked at a dead end job in a cube farm will love this movie . A perfect , deadpan mockery of the unfulfilling lives of late-nineties white collar yuppies . If only they 'd left out the whole Ron Livingston-Jennifer Aniston love interest subplot , I would have given it a five .
 How many of you have , at work , ever had the same minor `` mistake ' pointed out by three or more `` supervisors '' ? How many have been told you have a bad attitude ? Do you seek to validate your work-related malaise?If you 've ever toiled at a medium-pay , low-mental-stimulation office job or at Friday 's or -LRB- as is the case of my assistant -RRB- both , you will have a great appreciation of Mike Judge 's minor white collar masterpiece.Adding to this viewer 's pleasure was the thoroughly enjoyable , Cali-oriented gangsta rap soundtrack .
 This has easily become one of my favourite movies to watch ! Non-stop , real-life humor make this a hilarious trip through corporate office life . No matter what you do for a living , there 's something in this movie that you can relate to . The two best characters are Milton and Lumbergh ... they 're so funny I wish a CD could be released simply filled with everything they say in this movie . Mike Judge sure knew what he was doing when he made this -LRB- and he 's pretty funny as the Chochtkie 's restaurant manager , too ! -RRB- Do n't buy it now at its current $ 103 price -- rent it instead . When the price drops -- then buy it !
 Ok , I work in a sucky suburban-corporate office , complete with the `` crap on the walls '' generic restaurants nearby . This is the finest film ever made . In essence , it seems to really replicate my life .
 This movie is hilarious . Mike Judge gets it . I enjoyed this movie so much , I went out and bought the soundtrack , which by the way , is ingenious on Mike Judge 's part . The soundtrack adds to the humor of the movie . This is obviously very underrated . That 's okay , Judge will be back I 'm sure .
 I 've been waiting for this to come out on video . I saw it twice the weekend it came out because I knew it would n't be in the theaters long . The critics did n't seem to like it , but they 're all idiots anyway , and most of them have probably never had a real job so they just ca n't identify . Mike Judge has an eye for all the nuances of office life - he 's a lot more savy than that jerk who does Dilbert , which is just the same joke rehashed over and over . After I saw this film , I had a hard time not re-enacting all the funniest bits for my friends who had n't seen it - but I tried to resist so that I would n't spoil it for them when it came out on video . The reason I do n't give it five stars is that , even though I loved it , it was pretty lightweight and I could n't justify to myself giving it the same rating I would give , say , `` Citizen Kane . ''
 -LRB- this movie is by Mike Judge , the creator of Beavis and Butthead , so you know it 's good -RRB- If you hate your job , or do n't have a job and think you 're missing something , you 'll want to see this . Also most kids can relate to how the main character -LRB- Livingston -RRB- hates his job -LRB- like school -RRB- and all the annoying things that happen every single day , and all those annoying bosses and co-workers you just want to punch . He does what most dream of but never dare to do ... he says screw it and quits , and makes the company that has been useing him all these years and never promoting him and expect all his time , to work for him for a change ... But I do n't want to give it all away , so let me just say , GIVE YOUR HEART A WORK OUT AND WATCH -LRB- and buy -RRB- THIS MOVIE FOR NON-STOP LAUGHTER !!!!!
 Mike Judge , creator of ... Beavis and Butthead ... suprises the hell out of me with this -- a great movie . It 's a very funny satire of office work , and there 's this running stapler joke people seem to love more than anything else , yet the film has much more to offer than the running stapler joke ... c'mon ... The very best part is at the end when he looks into the sky and gives a meaningful
 Although Beavis and Butthead 's creator Mike Judge gave birth to this hilariously accurate film , it parallels Dilbert more than B&B or King of the Hill . Great story , funny pranks , and terrific character development , even if you do n't live in a cubicle farm , you 'll enjoy this flick . If you have more than three Dilbert cartoons pinned up in your workplace , you need to see Office Space .
 This is a must see . One of the best comedies of all time . I know I will catch grief for this , but I put this up there with `` Blazing Saddles , '' as far as making me laugh goes .
 Forget Dilbert . This is the definitive anti-office satire.In fact , OFFICE SPACE is so funny that I do n't even think you have to have worked in an office to appreciate it . It 's a classic , and it 's the kind of comedy you 'll want to tell others about .
 Sooner or later , most of us -- if we 're the slightest bit perceptive -- will realize that most of our lives are dedicated to moving grains of sand from one pile to another . And then back again . We do it as we get older and older , and then we develop heart disease , Alzheimer 's , cancer , etc. , and then die . And we 've done a wonderful job of creating ornate illusions to make us think that we 're doing something important , or at least worthwhile.Office Space takes a nice poke at this illusion of meaning , as a modern day hero , with the help of a dying hypnotist , suddenly decides he just does n't want to do anything . And that he 's thrilled to do nothing . It makes him whole . Complete . Satisfied . Of course , the last thing our culture wants is for someone to discover the joy of not keeping busy . Busy work is the essence of our social order.So , our hero stops taking life seriously , and wondrous riches , of sorts , land in his lap . Can a person be happy without mindless , meaningless routine?Why are n't there more movies like this ?
 Have you ever worked in cube farm?Ever had a boss give the third degree because you did n't get his memo about a minor change in office procedure?Has you office ever been visited by a `` productivity expert '' ? Have you ever suffered from Windows Rage , when you ca n't get you PC to do you want it to?Have you ever stared dumbfounded at your office printer trying to work out what `` plain paper jam , load letter '' means?Has you boss every asked you to worked back on the weekend and you had to say you would be there even though you and your partner has plans to go away for the weekend?If you answered ` yes ' to any of those questions you MUST watch this movie ! After sitting through this movie you will find so many parrallels to your own `` office space '' that you be laughing yourself silly at work the next day.After all every office has it 's Milton and it 's Lumbergh ... I have worked in an inbound call centre or some other white collar work environment in the telecommunications industry and this movie always makes me work into my building with a smile , muttering `` it 's funny 'cause it 's true ... '' under my breath.This movie ranks with the Big Lebowski as one of the funniest movies you will ever so.What are you waiting for folks , buy it now !
 I loved this movie from the opening credits to the very end . I 've worked at several offices and call centers just like the main character 's and it 's really just like it . I remember before I left my last job they just had a `` Hawaiian Shirt Day '' ! That made me remember this movie . There are so many great jokes from the movie and hilarious situation that 's it 's hard to pinpoint just one . The office has all the office stereotypes
 You got to own this movie . I 've watched it 20 times and still find little bits of humor . Mike judge even makes a cameo as the Jennifer Annistons -LRB- sp ? -RRB- boss at chotskies . The printer scene is also hillarious . Its a typical gangster beat down of the `` PC-Load Letter '' machine . Its a sleeper hit and cult classic for office dwellers.So I 'm going to have to ask you to go ahead and buy this movie ummkay . Great . -LRB- you 'll get this when you see the movie -RRB-
 This should be * required * viewing , for all IS/IT professionals .
 I was one of the few people to actually see this movie in thetheatres , and I bought it on DVD as well . Jennifer Anniston is theonly `` star '' in the film , however that does n't at all hinder it . One of the funniest character developing comedies , nearly everyone in the cast gets at least one humorous line , and there are plenty to go around . While the ending is sort of predictable , the plot is n't that important annyway . What counts in the humor and entertainment . -LSB- ... -RSB- At least rent this film , or `` I 'll set the building on fire . ''
 Mike Judge -LRB- Beavis and Buthead -RRB- Proves he 's a comic genius without animation in this spoof office satire . Ron Livingston plays a guy who works on a computer in a cubicle and deals with a condesending coffee cup holding boss who does nothing but intimidate , a dopey secretary who says `` Somebodys got a case of the Mondays '' in such an annoying tone , it 's hilarious not to mention a mentally challenged coworker who is an annoying riot . After seeing a hypnotist Ron loses his anxiety and is cool enough to ask Jennifer Anniston out on a date as she waitresses at Chachkies a pun for Chilis . He claims he just wo n't go to work . He wo n't quit and does n't care about getting fired . Turns out the very consultntants that are expected to fire him ridiculously give him a promotion because they appreciate hs candor and feel with the right challenges he could be a good company guy ! Yeah Right ! This is great satire and was a sleeper in the movies . if you do n't find this one funny your probably living off a big inheritance . It 's a must see !
 I 've rented the movie twice and plan to buy -LRB- at least -RRB- two copies . Having spent 30 years in the Information Systems field I 'd have to say that this film has the makings of a Geek Cult Classic . It is right-on the cube life-style . Its also starting to work its way around the Gen-X ` ers . In my department , we 're planning on stocking up on red Swingline Staplers .
 Yeah ... I 'm going to have to `` go ahead '' and rent this movie again because I missed most of it due to the fact that I was laughing too hard to keep up with the story line.Seriously though , this movie was simply the best movie I 've ever seen . Other than the types of people the movie was being critical of , -LRB- mindless corporate suits and drones -RRB- , I ca n't imagine anybody not loving this film .
 Excellent movie ! I 've rented it 2 weekends in a row now , buying it today ... absolutely hilarious . The cast is perfect . Anyone who has worked in this enviorment can relate completely ... you 'll think it 's your life on camera . With my company downsizing at the moment , this movie could n't have come at a better time ... life truly is to short to put up with the BS of the corporate world ... This movie is just what I needed to finally make the decision to leave ! WOOHOO !
 I 've never laughed so hard at a movie in my life . Every time I watch this movie , it just gets better . From the opening scene where Micheal Bolton is rapping with the radio to the employee evaluation with the Bobs , I 've never identified with a character in a movie more.Big Slacker , Ron + +
 I have watched this DVD 3 times so far and it still makes me laugh everytime . I think that if you ever have a problem with the `` Mondays '' , then this is a show for you . Expecually if you are an office person . It 's very funny . And it keeps you interested . -LRB- and i 'm not and office person -RRB- You have got to see it to know what I mean !
 Mike Judge has taken his great `` King of the Hill '' humor and put it in every office cubicle by this very funny and smart debut . Relatively unknown Ron Livingston gives a perfect performance as a getting-sick-of the-nonsense-around-here computer drone who is changed by a hypnosis suggestion that he just not worry about his work . So he does n't - literally . Leads to a promotion . He teams up with Jennifer Aniston is a classic restuarant scene when she asks him what he does `` I do n't like my job - I 'm not going back '' -- `` so you 're quitting ? '' -- `` No , I 'm just not going back '' . Tend to think the humor is more directed towards guys - Michael Bolton a worthy target -- and that infamous `` Oh `` face . Funniest movie since `` Lost In America ''
 This movie is a modern day classic . Anyone with a 9-5 job needs to see this movie . An EXCELLENT cast including : CastActor Role NotesRon Livingston Peter Gibbons Main protagonist - Disgruntled computer programmer working for Initech.Jennifer Aniston Joanna Peter 's prospective girlfriendGary Cole Bill Lumbergh Peter 's main boss and main antagonistDavid Herman Michael Bolton Peter 's co-worker and friendAjay Naidu Samir Nagheenanajar Peter 's co-worker and friendAlexandra Wentworth Anne Peter 's cheating girlfriendStephen Root Milton Waddams Meek obsessive Initech employee ; mumbles a lotRichard Riehle Tom Smykowski Useless Initech employeeDiedrich Bader Lawrence Peter 's wise , construction-worker , next-door neighborJenn Emerson Female Temp Super-happy `` case of the Mondays '' girlPaul Willson Bob Porter ConsultantJohn C. McGinley Bob Slydell ConsultantKinna McInroe Nina Initech employeeTodd Duffey Brian Chotchkie 's employeeGreg Pitts Drew Initech employee -LRB- the `` O-face guy '' -RRB- Mike McShane Dr. Swanson Peter 's `` occupational hypnotherapist '' who dies in his first session.Linda Wakeman Laura Smykowski Tom 's wifeKyle Scott Jackson Rob Newhouse Tom 's lawyerCarolyn Cauley Initech Employee -LRB- Uncredited -RRB- Orlando Jones Steve Door-to-door magazine salesmanBarbara George-Reiss Peggy Lumbergh 's secretaryMike Judge Stan Manager of Chotchkie 's -LRB- credited pseudonymously as `` William King '' -RRB- Jack Betts The Judge Appears in a dream to sentence Peter 's friends to prison and rule Peter himself `` a very bad person '' . John Cauley Initech Employee -LRB- Uncredited -RRB- Office Space is a 1999 American comedy film written and directed by Mike Judge . It satirizes work life in a typical 1990s software company , focusing on a handful of individuals who are fed up with their jobs . The film 's sympathetic portrayal of ordinary IT workers garnered it a cult following among those in that profession , but the film also addresses themes familiar to office workers and white collar employees in general . It was filmed in Dallas and Austin , Texas.Office Space is based on the Milton series of cartoons created by Mike Judge . Office Space was Mike Judge 's foray into live action film and his second full length motion picture release -LRB- the first being the animated Beavis and Butt-head Do America -RRB- . The promotional campaign for Office Space often associated it with Beavis and Butt-head , leading audiences to expect the brand of humor of the creator 's previous animated efforts rather than the relatively low-key ironic humor of the film.While not a box office success , the film has become a cult classic ; it has since sold very well on VHS and DVD.PlotPeter Gibbons is a disgruntled programmer working for Initech , a company plagued by excessive management . Peter spends his days `` staring at his desk '' instead of reprogramming bank software for the then-expected Y2K disaster . His co-workers include highly strung Samir Nagheenanajar , who is annoyed by the fact that nobody can pronounce his last name correctly ; Michael Bolton , who detests having the same name as the famous singer , whom he hates ; and Milton Waddams , a meek , fixated collator who constantly mumbles to himself -LRB- most notably about his workmates borrowing his favorite red Swingline stapler -RRB- . All four are repeatedly bullied and harassed by management , especially Initech 's callous vice president , Bill Lumbergh . The staff are further agitated by the arrival of two consultants , informally known as `` The Bobs , '' since they share the same first name , who are brought in to help with cutting expenses , mainly through downsizing.Peter is depressed , bored , and pushed around at work . He attends an occupational hypnotherapy session urged upon him by his girlfriend Anne . The obese occupational hypnotherapist , Dr. Swanson , suddenly dies of a heart attack before he can snap Peter out of a state of complete relaxation . The newly relaxed and still half-hypnotized Peter wakes up the next morning and ignores continued calls from Anne -LRB- who confesses to cheating and leaves him -RRB- and Lumbergh -LRB- who was expecting Peter to work over the weekend -RRB- . Peter announces that he will simply not go to work anymore , instead pursuing his lifelong dream of `` doing nothing , '' and asks out Joanna , a waitress who shares Peter 's loathing of idiotic management and love of the television program Kung Fu . Joanna works at Chotchkie 's , a restaurant that plays on TGI Friday 's interior decoration and uniform standards -LRB- Joanna 's hatred for her occupation eventually culminates in an argument with her boss and her being fired after she gives him the finger -RRB- . Peter then begins removing items at work that exemplify his unhappiness -LRB- inspirational banners , a wall of his cubicle that blocks his view , and a printer that is prone to constant errors -RRB- and takes Lumbergh 's parking spot . Despite Peter 's poor attendance record , laziness and insubordination at work , he is promoted by the Bobs because of the positive impression he leaves upon them with his earnestness . Meanwhile , Michael and Samir are fired , seemingly a symptom of the disposability with which the consultants view most Initech employees . To exact revenge on Initech , the three friends decide to infect the accounting system with a computer virus , designed to divert fractions of pennies into a bank account they control . A misplaced decimal point causes the virus to steal over $ 300,000 in the first few days , a far more conspicuous loss to Initech . After a crisis of conscience and an argument with Joanna , Peter writes a letter in which he takes all the blame for the crime , then slips an envelope containing the letter and the money -LRB- in unsigned traveler 's checks -RRB- under the door of Lumbergh 's office late one night.He fully expects to be arrested the next morning , but his problem solves itself
 Office Space is one of the most widely loved and widely quoted cult classics of the last 20 years.There is a reason for this . One is Mike Judge 's bizarre sense of humor , where everyday mundane office chores can be like Sissyphus rolling the stone up the hill . Where the bosses in their shiny cars are suspender wearing monkeys like Lumbergh . `` ummm yeah . I 'm gon na need you to write this review ... on sunday . Ummkay ? '' This movie was what jobs were really like in the dot.com/tech cubicle farm world in which many of us worked . Sure the acting is decent at best , but its the chemistry between the actors with their counterparts that make it shine . taking the printer machine , and its evil `` pc load letter '' screen , out to some abandoned field and beating it to death with a baseball bat is a scene of genius . Find me some office worker who hasnt wanted to kick the crap out a office machine.As far as the Special Set wtih Flair , you get four bried deleted scenes and the usual filler . the Packaging is cool though . If you are someone who already owns the movie , dont buy this version unless you are a serisouly fanatical fan . If you dont have your own copy , shame on you . At this price , pick this version up . This also makes a phenomenal secret santa gift in your office . No one will be unhappy with this one , especially if you already have co-workers identified as Office Space characters . It 's a movie . Enjoy it .
 If they ever decided to make a live-action `` Dilbert '' movie , it might resemble `` Office Space . `` There 's a lot of the same bitter surreality infused in this hysterically funny office film by Mike Judge -LRB- of `` Beavis & Butthead '' fame -RRB- , all about three rebellious office employees who have finally had enough . Filled with quirky characters and a hilarious employee rebellion , this is a movie for anyone who ever felt trapped in a soul-destroying job . Which is just about everybody.Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- spends every day in a cubicle , doing pointless work under the thumb of his smarmy boss Bill Lumbergh -LRB- Gary Cole -RRB- . His life is boring , and he does n't even have the confidence to tell a waitress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- that he likes her.Because layoffs are impending , Peter accompanies his controlling girlfriend to a hypnosis session , and is instructed to relax . Unfortunately , the hypnotist dies of a heart attack ... while Peter is still under his hypnotic influence . And nobody snaps him out of it . The next morning , Peter wakes up happy and laid-back -- and determined to get out of his rotten job , and live fat and happy.He conspires with fiery Samir Nagheenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and the ill-named Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- -- two coworkers who are about to be axed -- to skim money off the company 's assets with a secret computer virus . Only problem is , their scene is rapidly spinning out of control when the virus goes glitchy haywire -- and their scheme is threatened with exposure . `` Office Space '' started off as an early 90s animated skit , featuring the character of Milton . You know , that increasingly deranged employee who complains that `` you took my stapler . '' This time , Milton is a minor character , although a pivotal one . The focus is mainly on the mellowed-out Peter and his wild scheme to profit the downtrodden employees of Initech -- sort of like a crazier version of `` The Office . `` And Judge knows how to wring all the bitter comedy from this scenario . He creates a hysterical tangle of cubicle workers , layoffs and the most annoying boss in the history of film -LRB- `` Yeeeeeeaaaahhhh ... uhhhhhhh ... '' -RRB- . There 's a less interesting subplot about Peter 's unstable relationship with the equally POed-about-her-job waitress , but the real draw here is all the corporate cheating and craziness.This brand of humor is twisted , down to the slow-motion , ghetto-style beating of the copier in the middle of a field , and Peter receiving a raise because he no longer cares if he gets fired . And of course , the dialogue is quietly insane -LRB- `` Oh , and next Friday ... is Hawaiian shirt day ... '' -RRB- as the plot grows grows more and more tense ... until you know someone has to snap . You can see who it is way in advance , but it 's no less hilarious when it happens -- with disastrous consequences.The trio of lead characters are a riot -- there 's Peter , whose newfound perspective about what is important in life is immensely entertaining . There 's Samir , who can barely restrain his simmering rage at his rotten job , or his deep hatred for the copier . And there 's Michael , who has a seething resentment that he has the same name as THAT sappy singer . As for Cole , he 's utterly brilliant as a boss who is as endearing and appealing as a rake on a chalkboard . `` Office Space '' has become something of a deserving cult classic -- funny , strange , and sympathetic to the ants that toil in their cubicles . When you are n't laughing your butt off , you 'll be cheering on the disgruntled salami-slicers .
 I just wanted to add a little challenge . When you watch this movie again and again -LRB- and you will -RRB- try to catch exactly how many times Milton either outright states or almost imperceptibly mutters that he is going to set the place on fire . < grin > The first time I watched it I was so busy laughing that it never registered even once .
 ` Office Space ' bombed at the box office in February 1999 , pulling in only $ 10,827,810 domestically according to Box Office Mojo . It limped into what appeared to be oblivion after six scant weeks . Except for one small thing ... in DVD/home video-land , ` Office Space ' became a cultural phenomenon . As one reviewer notes , Mike Judge 's workplace masterpiece `` promptly broke every video record in Fox history . '' And eight years after its release it continues to be a phenomenon . In retrospect , the big screen release was terribly mis-marketed . Count me among the many who bypassed it in the theater because I could n't make heads or tails out of the ads.Judge 's film is set in a ` nameless Texas city , '' but this is clearly Dallas . For those of us that have lived in that city - the corporate home of TGI Friday 's and its flair-bedazzled employees - there are inside laughs by the bucketful , including the back-to-back apartments with paper-thin walls , the massive traffic pile-ups on 635 -LRB- LBJ -RRB- , Initech 's classic Dallas office space , etc.Great performances here
 Instead of depressing you , it will make you laugh . Everyone has a least one co-worker like these characters . Ron Livingston wonderful !!!
 Anyone who works in an office or especially a cubical atmosphere will get a kick out of this movie . I got this for my brother for Christmas and even though it is a little crude around the edgees , everyone got a laugh from it . Great dvd case , movie , & flair .
 I only worked in one office for a month and I can relate to a lot of things in this movie
 This movie will appeal to 95 % of the working poplulation , assuming that you have a sense of humour that is . The scene is set in a modern IT office , whereby nothing new ever happens , until one day the IT bodds decide that they should be rewarded for their work and as a result plot to `` modify '' a few computer systems in order for them to rob the company blind.Enjoy , enjoy , enjoy ...
 Only people who have ever spent thier days in a Cubicle/DWA -LRB- Designated work area -RRB- / Roofless Storage Shed , can really appreciate the comedy/tragedy of Dilbert . In that same context , only people who have ever called your boss a dumbass / $ # -LRB- ker , really get what Office Space is about . It hit home for me , as I laughed at a rendition of my own once lived period . Those who gave low ratings probably never went through a expendable pee-on job experience . So to those , I personally apologize if your champagne & caviar soiree ' turned sour with this movie.I would strongly emplore that you see experience this movie if you have ever had a job just to HAVE a job .
 One of the funniest corporate movies of all time ... It is a movie that paradies the working corporate world and plays out the fantasies of millions of white collar workers across the nation . This special edition with flair provides more laughs with deleted never before scenes and contains a great interview with creator mike judge ... A MUST OWN FOR ALL DVD ENTHUSIASTS !
 A must have for any DVD collection . Office Space can make you think of all the jobs you 've had where you simply wanted to get through the day . Exceptional acting , great supporting actors and the Flair does justice for all the movie buffs who want to know how it was done . Fast becoming a new classic to symbolize the 80 's and corporate America .
 ... and I 've never been more ashamed of anything in my whole entire life!I 'm a huge Mike Judge fan and lined up -LRB- figuratively , this movie did n't do much in the box office -RRB- to see it . To this day I do n't know what was wrong with me . I 've now seen it over 30 times -LRB- rivaled only by `` Meet the Parents '' as a comedy -RRB- ! And it has n't worn out at all . It has all the trappings of a cult classic.Maybe it was funny overload ? Very possible considering how just about every 3 seconds something funny is happening . I 'm like a lunatic evangalist for this movie .
 This movie has all of the makings of a cult classic . Scores of office workers , myself included , have watched this movie over and over again , and memorized the lines . Because we work in an office , we can relate to the characters , the office atmosphere , and even the restaurant where they hang out . The movie also has great one liners , an interesting story line , and good acting from even the minor characters.However , do not buy this DVD expecting to see deleted scenes and other extras . Only trailers are included on the DVD . For most purposes the VHS copy is serves the same purpose and is five dollars less expensive .
 Is it just me , or is this one of the funniest movies on the planet ? I absolutely love Office Space -- it just gives you that warm and fuzzy feeling inside every time you watch it.I think the main reason why it is so funny is that the characters are completely the opposite of the stereotypical `` office nerd '' who works in a cubicle every day and has no life or sense of humor -LRB- much less friends ... -RRB- Also , I love how they listen to rap music -- the usage of the rap throughout the movie , again , is against the stereotype -LRB- light jazz , anyone ? -RRB- . Another aspect of the film that is hilarious is how the situation is perfect for the main character to be defiant to his superiors . The plot is set up so perfectly that you just ca n't help thinking during moments of brilliance `` this is so awesome ! '' like when he 's gutting the fish on his desk or parking in his boss 's parking space.It 's these little details and things that really make you laugh the hardest -- I am so glad I rented this movie -- check it out as soon as possible !
 I doubt I can extol this film in any original manner , but I 'll give it a shot anyway . Obviously I love Office Space . Would I be wasting a pretty good beer buzz otherwise ? The only people I can conceive of disliking Office Space are company presidents , CEO 's and complete morons . But , being part of America 's office-working automata -LRB- and not being a moron -RRB- , I can relate . I could go on all day about the great jokes , great soundtrack and great characters , but these are n't what make this movie truly great . As paradoxical as it may seem , Mike Judge 's true stroke of genius was making a movie that speaks to the majority . Most movies are either fantasies , portrayals of the ultra-elite , or simply gross exaggerations by studio execs of the audience 's point of view . For example , movies like The Lord of the Rings are fantasies , where any connection to the viewers ' lives is purely metaphorical . Most romantic comedies involve the super-rich and/or the super-attractive , and any romantic struggles these people encounter come off insincere . Finally there are movies like 40 Days and 40 Nights , where some jaded producer thought he could play to the audience 's own sexual longings by portraying a protagonist who goes a whole month without intercourse . Right . How many of us ca n't relate to the anguish of going a month without sex ? Call it 40 Score Days and 40 Score Nights and I might begin to take interest . But back to Office Space . This movie appeals to most of us
 First off , let me say that this movie is incredible ! I have seen it probably close to 30 times , and it 's still a pleasure to watch ! This is one of those rare movies that actually gets better the more you watch it . If you have n't seen this movie , do yourself a favor and go ahead and buy it . Do n't bother renting it , because you will just want to watch it again and again . Unfortunatley , the DVD is lacking . There is no special features really , besides a cast bio . I would really have loved to have gotten some additional scenes or something along those lines . But like i said before , the movie more than makes up for it .
 My dad recommended I see this film and , at my first viewing , I had no expectations . Little did I know that I would be watching what has since become one of my favourite films of all time . I 've probably watched it about 15 times since and each time I enjoy it more and more . Stephen Root 's role as the googly-eyed stapler-obsessed Milton is one of the funniest characters ever brought to the screen . Office Space is such a unique film . It 's humour is relentless and gives your diaphragm a good workout as you helplessly roll about splitting your sides with laughter . I 've since shared this film with my mother who loved it just as much as me . I ended up giving her my copy and buying another for myself . Such is this film . It is addictive , lighthearted relief from what can sometimes be a very mundane life .
 This has got to be one of the finest films ever made - I mean really . Jennifer Aniston 's finest work - no question . She should have stayed on this track instead of torturing us with FRIENDS . Gary Cole . . unbelievable - Lumburgh we love to hate you . Why did n't this win an Academy Award ? I have no idea . . If you have ever worked for a dot-com or other disfunctional organization , have had daily birthday cake breaks with all the other office-freaks - this will leave you laughing - and laughing hard . Some dear friends of mine and I make daily references to ' I do n't like talking about my flair -LRB- Aniston -RRB- ' and ' yeah , great -LRB- Cole -RRB- ' . Thank you for making this fine piece of hilariousness . Do n't ` jump to conclusions ' -- just rent this puppy - STAT . AND , one more thing . . the DVD capability of being able to jump from scene to scene ... well , it 's just greaaat .
 I loved this movie so much that after I rented it I immediately went out and purchased my own copy . I HIGHLY recommend this movie to ANYONE who has ever worked in a corporate environment as either a drone or a manager -LRB- I 've been both -RRB- . The movie is so realistic it 's impossible.You will be hooked from the opening sequence -LRB- featuring Mambo # 8 -RRB- where Peter switches from lane to lane in rush hour traffic only to prove Murphy 's Law - The other line ALWAYS moves faster , to Samir swearing up a storm in his car , to Michael Bolton rapping in his car , to the old guy on the sidewalk passing everybody with his walker . Flash forward to the final scene where Milton -LRB- the film 's true hero -RRB- is berading a resort waiter over cocktails , this movie funny from start to finish.Buy this movie if for no other reason than to be able to watch it after a bad day at work or to cheer up a coworker/friend who 's had a bad day . You will watch this movie over and over and over again .
 I recently bought this comedy at the store just due to its low price . A comedy about working kind of sounded interesting coming from the maker of `` Beavis And Butthead '' and `` King Of The Hill '' sounded like a good idea . I expected to laugh out loud and did , but not because of the plight of hero Peter , but rather the antics of Milton , the mumbling officer worker that never stands up for himself.The story actually focuses on Peter -LRB- played by Ron Livingston -RRB- , who is an office worker struggling through his cubicle-encompassing job at Initech . His life is a mess with a girlfirend that cheats on him , the woman of his dreams -LRB- played by Jennifer Anistion -RRB- not noticing him and having to put up with a monotone boss . After being hypnotized , he realizes he 's had enough . He starts showing up less at work and when he does he just goofs off . He also makes a successful relationship with the girl of his dreams . Peter also manages to move up in the ranks with his new neglect for work . Even with all this Peter is unhappy because to of his hard working friends get laid off . They hatch a plan to rip off Initech and make a few bucks in the process . Of course , chaos follows.This main story is good for many jokes , but Peter as the normal guy that goes out of control is n't as funny as the characters that are thrown in for even more comic relief . One example is the construction worker friend of Peter that lives next door . Deitrich Bader -LRB- from `` Drew Carey '' -RRB- is to funny as Peter 's loud fishing buddy Lawrence . Joanna -LRB- Jennifer -RRB- is the best female presence in this mostly male cast and her `` minimal requirement '' waitress is so real and funny . But the best is by fair Milton , who stutters stammers through the film as the forgotten worker that is always being pushed in a corner and treated like garbage . While the film 's story gets kind of slow as Peter tries to heal things over with his girlfriend and restore the stolen money , keep your eye on Milton whose abuse is taken to new heights -LRB- `` But I did n't get a piece of cake last time . '' -RRB- . He really makes me laugh out loud and takes over the movie . Just to see him in action is magic . See the movie for the incredible performance from Stephen Root as Milton . Where 's his oscar ?
 If you 're a geek , a nerd , an office hack , or any of the other down-trodden cubicle zombies that get used as interchangeable cogs in the machine , then you 'll either laugh uproariously at this , or wince at how close to the truth it is . My kids rented this movie , and they kept asking me if I really knew anyone like that . I had to admit that almost EVERYONE I worked with were characters in the movie . I watched it three times before we had to return it . My kids and I now use lines from the movie ! Definitely worth watching . Or owning !
 Though the situations and characters in Office Space are certainly larger than life , they are not that far from the truth -- to which those of us in the corporate world will readily attest . That 's what makes the movie so delightfully funny
 I recomend this movie to anyone with a good sense of humor at first I laughed so hard I was crying . It might be a little unacceptable for young children but I give this one 2 thumbs up . !
 If you 've ever worked in a cubicle farm , spoken `` corporatese , '' or dealt with downsizing , you 'll find Office Space to be hilariously relevant . Created by Mike Judge of Beavis and Butthead fame , this movie could easily pass for a live-action version of the Dilbert cartoon . It pokes fun at everything from commuting to office birthday parties to `` fast casual '' chain restaurants . Watching Office Space , you will vicariously get the satisfaction of `` sticking it to the man . '' Ron Livingston plays the lead role well , but the funniest characters are the supporting cast - Milton , Lundbergh , Drew , et . al. . I 'm going to need you to go ahead an watch Office Space ... yeah ... that would be great ...
 I want to start by saying that I saw -LRB- years ago -RRB- the original `` Milton '' short that inspired this movie . Ok . . now . This is a fantastic movie . It is also proof that Jenifer Aniston is still funny , even without the `` friends '' writers . This is amazing and refreshing to see something that is so funny and so true to reality . You must see it .
 This is my favorite movie EVER . . if you 've ever thought `` man i 'd just like to do nothing , and not go to work '' -LRB- Which is everyone -RRB- you will LOVE this movie !! I watch it like once a week . and have for the past 5 years !!! It 's soooo funny !!
 This is one of the funniest movies ever made ! I laughed so hard I almost died ! Then after that me and my friends were quoting this movie for days ! Buy it !
 This film had me chuckling the first time I saw it . However I changed jobs and the movie made sense . If you have not worked in a place that has inane managers , not to metion if you have more than 1 that you report to , psychotic co-workers -LRB- Milton is my favorite -RRB- then you wo n't get this movie . I lived as Peter at my last job .
 perhaps the most quotable , resonant , memorable movie of the last five years - for a specific group of people . as someone who used to work at an initech , the movie works at every level for me . brilliant and watchable over and over . can not wait for the next edition of this DVD to come out - this is the VERY rare movie i wo n't mind paying for on DVD twice .
 That sums it up for me anyway . If you like to laugh , you will like this movie . If you work for a beaurocratic company where bosses are a farce , you will love this movie . Office Space is simply fantastic at emphasizing and personifying the Dilbert principles . It 's all here
 It really is amazing how Mike Judge captures all the intricacies of working in a cubicle atmosphere . The annoying boss . The characters that work around you . Hawaiian shirt day . If you have ever worked in a cube , you must rent this movie . It is hysterical .
 Hi . My name is Steve . I come from a rough area . I used to be additted to creck.Office Space is a veritable classic . The commentary and interviews in the special features are hilarious and informative.If you know what 's good for you , check this out . It will not make you want to throw your TV in the middle of a field and smash it with a baseball bat .
 Really really good movie . I could watch some of the scenes over and over . Cast works well together and movie catches what every worker tries to feel like in just chillin out , enjoying life and not carring .
 If you have ever worked for a very large corporation , this movie will hit home . I worked for one and the similarities are so true and almost heart breaking , but in a funny way . Rent it once and you 'll want it for your collection . I wonder if Carly Fiorina ever watched this movie ? Naw ...
 Peter , a disillusioned worker gets hypnotised and starts to worry less and less about his work . Casual Peter actually improves his work life in doing so . A nice comedy about working in cubicles and your typical office annoyances . Check out Youtube for `` pc load letter '' . Funny stuff !
 This movie is hilarious ... . I thought it was amazing as I watched it in college ; however now that I have a full-time job , the funny parts of this movie are things I encounter on a day-to-day basis .
 As long as corporate America insists on treating people like farm animals or widgits , Office Space is going to hit home on several levels
 This is a funny movie ... It will keep you laughing , however ... watch out for the dirty language ... especially in the opening sound track . This is not for young children .
 The best part of Office Space is its exaggerated but accurate depictions of life in the modern office place . I 've worked in many similar places , and seen many similar stupidities . I 've met many of its characters , such as Lumbergh , the Porsche-driving VP jerk who expects `` his '' people to come in on the weekend.I 've watched Office Space at least half a dozen times , and it still manages to make me cringe and laugh at the same time . Very funny , very pertinent . I figure that those who chose better career paths , ones that did n't relegate them to cube farms , will probably not `` get '' the movie.While I have no qualms about R-rated movies and strong language , I feel this is one of those movies that would probably been better off had it gotten a PG or PG-13 rating . The downside is that I ca n't pop it onto an LCD projector at the office , for fear of getting a visit from the HR Police .
 This is probably one of the funniest movies I have seen ever . What makes it even funnier is that it 's a VERY accurate representation of what goes on the corporate world . Anyone in corporate America can identify with pretty much everyone in the movie . In fact a few weeks ago , I had to interview someone that had the same name as a famous singer and as soon as I saw the name I immediately thought of the `` Michael ... Bolton ? '' scene from this movie.If you work or have worked in the typical corporate environment then you pretty much know what this movie is about , from the early morning commute , lunch hour , leaving early on Fridays and department take over by consulting firms . Even the office printer that is always screwing up shows up in the movie . As accurate as the movie is , it does have an interesting twist in that the main character being fed up with his job gets caught in permanent trance after therapy session goes horribly wrong , and he ends up `` not caring '' anymore . But instead of getting canned , he is actually given a promotion much to the chagrin of two of his co-workers who work their a *** s off and do n't get anything for it.I have seen this movie many times , and every time I see it , I still laugh like I am seeing it for the first time . If you have n't seen this movie then if you could , I 'm going have to ask you to go head and pick this movie up ; that 'll be greaaat ... mmkay?A must see for anyone , especially people in corporate America . No question , 5/5 stars .
 Great movie ! Very funny and very similar to real life with just a slight twist to reality .
 This is one crazy movie I thought the guy in the movie with the thick glasses and the monotone whiny voice was the funniest . -LRB- he is on the cover of the dvd -RRB- . The rest of the actors were decent . See this movie has to do with work and hating your job in which i can really relate to . The guy in the movie though is hypnotize and just up and tries to get fired no longer having any care or stress about what happens to him . -LRB- I so feel that -RRB- . Its funny as he just ignores his boss and does what he wants whenever he decides to go to work . !!!!!! The dude on the cover i 'm tellin you makes the movie watch it you will trip everytime you see him .
 Throughout the past several years many co-workers have recommended this movie as a funny glance into the absurdity of working in an office . Unfortunately until recently I 've had little luck in finding it available to rent -LRB- a clear indication of its popularity -RRB- . Now that I have finally watched OFFICE SPACE I appreciate and condone all the positive reviews this movie has generated . There is no doubt that anyone who has worked in an office environment will relate to OFFICE SPACE . This movie highlights loud and obnoxious cubicle neighbors , office equipment that fails to work properly , and arrogant bosses . I could n't help relating to the entire movie . I think the funniest part includes the entire skit regarding Milton and the red stapler . OFFICE SPACE is pure comedy . An intelligent low-budget film that will be a classic for years to come . Do n't miss this one !
 Office Space is one of the most hilarious movies I have seen in my life . I keep trying to relate the characters to people I know , which makes me laugh even more . There is humor to be found everywhere whether it be in a Swingline Stapler or a `` Going-Away Present '' .
 By far the best office movie that I 've seen . Wonderfully acted , and superbly written , this is a small budget movie everyone will like.No one who sees this movie can forget the line , `` Why does it say paper jam , when there is no paper jam ? `` If you 've been looking for a movie that you would love to watch over and over again , and still laugh at the same jokes , then this is it . I never knew how truthful the movie was until starting my new job . Now , I 'm in a cubicle and can really `` feel their pain . `` If you have n't seen this movie yet , then what are you waiting for ?
 If only everything that Jennifer Aniston did were this funny . About ten times more humorous than Friends , this movie delivers the laughs consistently and heartily . If you 've ever wanted to torture the equipment in your office or tell your boss ... off , this is the movie for you.Funny , funny , funny !
 The first time I saw this movie , I thought `` funny , but bosses and companies around here do n't run quite like that . `` Then I switched jobs . The guys in the group secretly quoted `` Office Space '' lines when referring to our boss . I realized that I in fact DO live in this world.This movie is a classic . If you 've spent any time in your life in cubicleland with dress down Fridays , you will appreciate this movie . -LSB- -RSB-
 This is one of the top 5 funniest movies I have ever seen . PERIOD !!!!
 I cried with laughter through the entire movie . I rolled on the floor . It is brilliant.The fact that I realized that they had just made a movie about my job should have caused me pain . But in a funny way , it helped . -LRB- My favourite line is the `` worst day of my life '' one at the hynotherapist . You 'll see what I mean . -RRB-
 Great humor always has elements of the truth . This movie is a cult classic . Watch it and you 'll identify some of the characters from your own office experience . Let 's face it , for the most part work -LSB- stinks -RSB- and Office Space does a great job of poking fun at all the reasons why . I especilly identitified with the themes surrounding the printer . I hate printers and copy machines with a passion . I loved the part where they take a baseball bat to the evil machine . And then there 's the boss , Lundbergh - we 've all worked for someone that smug and sleazy at one point or another . They you 've got the crazy co-workers whom you 're sure are certifiably insane . This movie hits the nail on the head in so many places ! Buy it and laugh !
 This funny comedy , from the makers of Beavis and Butthead , allows even the happiest of office workers to relate to just about everything in the plot . I saw this video while I was in ID visiting realtives and nearly died laughing ... I live in Southern MS and the movie never made it to the big screen here ; so I 'm waiting for the lowering of the price to the < 30 range . One of the funniest movies I 've ever seen .
 Mike Judge creates a hilarious masterpiece from the beginning to the end in `` Office Space '' . It makes you take a second look at Corporate America and see all the flaws it has . The best scene were the copier bashing scene , the scene where Michael Bolton -LRB- no , not the singer -RRB- was raping while a black man came by , and when Milton gets pissed off at the company . This movie is definately worth seeing .
 This is a funny movie even if you 've never set foot in a cubicle . If you do know , what cubicle life is like , then this movie is even funnier . It 's what Dilbert could be if Scott Adams was interested in rocking the -LRB- corporate -RRB- boat . -LRB- Who do think signs those big syndication checks ? -RRB- Anyway , the entire case is almost perfect and only a meandering side plot involving the relationship between Peter -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- and Joanna -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- keeps this from being a comedy classic.Rent it , buy it , whatever , but watch it .
 This is one of the funniest films I have ever seen . It captures the frustration , politics and authoritarianism of office life . As the story unfolds it becomes more insane and hilarious . This is a must see for any office worker . You will never view your day in same way .
 This movie reminds me why I 'd never want a desk job . I had to watch it a couple of times before I got the full gist of it , but every time , I understood it more and more.Unless you 're self-employed and work at home , you ca n't help but draw your own similarities to the Office Space work environment and your own . I 've worked with a Lumberg , a Joanna , and a Michael ... and a guy who did n't have an Arabic name , but he wanted to beat up every piece of office machinery which did n't work right . We even had a Milton-like guy once ... he ended up going berserk and being escorted out by the police , but that 's another story.All in all , I highly recommend this movie to everyone who has a job and knows what it 's like to suffer from the aggravation of office politics . This movie delivers a figurative eye-gouging to all the politics and backstabbing that goes on every day in America 's corporate workplaces . It shows one of the things that can happen when big corporate CEOs think they 're making some really smart move , and end up shooting themselves in the foot instead.WORDS OF WARNING
 The first time you see Office Space , you chuckle.The second time you see Office Space , you giggle.The third time you see Office Space , you laugh.The fourth time you see Office Space , you roll on the floor laughing.The fifth time you see Office Space , you laugh until your in tears.The sixth time you see Office Space , you * die * in laughter.And thats the last time you see Office Space .
 ... says the mumbling Milton -LRB- my favorite character -RRB- . The characters and their odd mannerisms made this film a success , in my view . One of my coworkers lent me this movie , promising me that I 'd like it - he was right . It is both funny and tragic , though a bit exaggerated -LRB- but it 's a MOVIE , where life circumstances do not have to be totally realistic -RRB- . Most people can relate to Office Space , even if they do n't have a cubicle-based job . I happen to have a cubicle-based job , though I recently moved from a rather large cubicle to an office , which I share with another coworker -LRB- there is a gray cubicle wall dividing it -RRB- . It 's not so bad though . Anyway , the main character , Peter Gibbons , lacks motivation in his career and is fed up with a number of business practices . But he does n't quit his job - he just stops working . Doing nothing is his ideal life.The rap music is a nice touch.Now back to my favorite character , Milton , who repeatedly says that he `` could set the building on fire '' whenever things get too rough . He is pathetic yet likeable , and I felt sorry for him when he did n't get any cake at the party . Everyone keeps passing it around , and he watches the cake get smaller and smaller until it is completely gone . And his desk is moved numerous times , which really irritates him . Eventually , he moves down to the basement , where it is dark and lonely . His boss comes down to ask him to kill the cockroaches -LRB- `` That would be terrific '' -RRB- , even though it 's not Milton 's job . His distinctive `` Excuse me ... '' protests are rarely heard . He is being used by the company , no one respects him , no one listens to him . I 'd burn the building down too .
 If you ever worked in an office of any kind , you will love this movie . This movie was remended to me by a coworker that could see the similarities between our office and the movie 's .
 If you work in an office , surrounded by synthetic humanoids who only appear to be alive . If you toil away daily at a desk , in a room with no ceiling , filing reports that have little or no bearing on reality . If your `` job '' has driven you to consider suicide , homicide , or grand larceny . If your boss is a smirking , passive-aggressive reptile . If you continually wake up in the morning wondering how it all came to this , you simply MUST see OFFICE SPACE . A riot from start to finish , this movie manages to assault and dismantle the entire culture of anesthetized office-drones we 've cultivated . Mike Judge takes aim and blasts away at all the idiotic things that make corporate America such a dull , hideously generic nightmare . Please , watch this movie immediately ! It may give you hope . It will definitely make you laugh ! Imagine waking up on Monday morning , turning off the alarm , rolling over , and going back to sleep ! Imagine ignoring your boss ' monotone drivel ! Imagine showing up for work late - DAYS late - wearing comfortable clothes , not caring one bit whether you get fired or promoted ! OFFICE SPACE shows how truly unnatural and inhuman our workday has become . A modern classic ! ...
 This was definately one of the funniest movies that I 've seen all year . If you work in an office you will laugh your head off . This movie focuses on everyday things we deal with in an office , from broken fax machines to talkative co-workers .
 This was definately one of the funniest movies that I 've seen all year . If you work in an office you will laugh your head off . This movie focuses on everyday things we deal with in an office , from broken fax machines to talkative co-workers .
 I finally had to buy this movie ! It 's the funniest thing I 've seen in years . Peter Gibbons -LRB- ron livingston -RRB- is an every-man 's hero and his do n't - care attitude was so refreshing . You 'll walk away wishing you had his moxy . Every single character was believable , hysterical , and true to life if you 've ever worked in an office environment . My fave line ... `` I never liked paying bills , I do n't think I 'm going to do that either ''
 I was sitting home bored one day when I happened to catch this movie on cable . I could n't believe this gem was overlooked in theatrical release . Talk about hilarious . After watching this movie I went out and bought it . It 's that funny . Being a person who worked in a situation similar to the one our main character , Peter Gibbons , worked in I could totally relate to this movie . Made me laugh and laugh . All the characters are funny . Great comedy .
 This movie is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen ! BUY IT ! You will laugh all night long .
 I thought this movie was really funny ! Sometimes simple stories are best ! I could really relate to their situations .
 Let me first say that this is not meant to be a realistic movie . This is the fantasy of everyone who has ever worked in a cubicle , endured smarmy bosses and the relentlessly stale wit of cow-workers . For years , I would have loved to take a bat to the office laser printer . This film finally let me see my frustrations taken out -- of course I 'm sensible enough to not smash someone else 's laser printer myself . That 's what this movie is -- a fantasy outlet for those of us who just get fed up with work sometimes .
 Having spent so much time in cubical 's all of my life , I could really relate to this film . Jennifer Aniston could have easily been left out of this film , though . Still , I give it five stars , and I think it is one of the all time classic comedies . I wonder why I never heard of this movie when it came out in theaters ?
 I was on the floor I was laughing so hard . You can relate it to your work as well with the jams with paper to dorky co workers and annoying boses
 The movie `` Office Space '' , was a really good movie . The movie was very funny and I really enjoyed it . The actors acted very good , and the setting was great . I think that this movie was great and I hope that people will go and rent it . If not rent it , buy it , so that you can watch it over and over again . I really enjoyed it and i hope that you do too !
 Office Space is from Mike Judge the creator of Beavis and Butthead and the shots he take at coporate America in this film are so true . It 's ironic on how close to home this movie hits . I work for FEMA in an office job and this movie is almost like going to work for me in a funny way.Peter -LRB- Livingston -RRB- hates his job . He has the most annoying boss anybody could ask for and he drives Peter nuts . Peter ca n't stand his job and his goal is to do absolutely nothing . He wants to do nothing and so he goes to a hypnotherapist to tell him about his problem . After an accident during the session Peter quickly finds himself stuck in his new dream of euphoria.He likes a waitress a waitress named Joanna -LRB- Aniston -RRB- who works at the burger coffee join that him and his buddies go to . He gets her to come along in his quest of nothingness.Layoffs are happening at Peters place of employment Intec . He is expecting to finally get laid off , but ends up with a promotion while his two best friends at work are scheduled to get fired . The three refuse to take it and come up with a stratedy to get back at Intec . They come up with a computer program that steals the extra cents from checks when they round down on the numbers in writing them . It 's similar to the plot of Superman III . The plan backfires in Peters face and he is also struggling with his relationship with Joanna . He now must fix everything or wind up in jail.The movie is great . A lot of people wont enjoy that much , but for those who work daily office jobs this is one of the greatest movies you 'll ever see . We 've all wanted to do what Peter does as work in which he just tells everybody how it feels . His boss is such a pefect image of a corporate america boss and it 's sad on how true the impersenation is.The actors are all pretty good in the film . There are no stand out roles and you wo n't be blown away by any performance . You will however love many of this memorable characters including Milton the psycho stapler lover is was the original idea for the whole movie.If you have an office job or have ever had one than Office Space is a must own . Even if you have n't you 'll still like the corporae America office humor . You wo n't want to miss this one .
 Anyone who has ever lived in a cubicle needs to see this movie ... just not when the boss is around ! It is funny and painfully close to cubicle truths . Like a live action Dibert cartoon ... bureaucracy victims will be rolling on the floor in laughter .
 Office Space is n't just funny , it 's down right hilarious . What 's so great about it is that just about every working person can relate with the characters . The story revolves around an office worker who is so sick of his boring , stuck in a cubicle all day long job . His friends at the office -LRB- who are extremely funny -RRB- feel the same way . Our main character has a hypnotical experience and is a changed man and no longer worries about the responsibilities that are dragging him down . To everyone 's surprise , his new lackadasical attitude towards life seems to be advancing both his career and personal life . However , his co-workers are not so fortunate , as the company is downsizing.Office Space packs a bundle of laughs along with a great story and surprisingly good performances . Milton may be the funniest movie character ever . If you enjoy a good comedy -LRB- with an edge to it -RRB- and want something a little different from your run of the mill funny movies , give Office Space a try . It wo n't dissappoint .
 Liberation from the cubical , revenge on your evil boss , settling the score with the copier that just never worked , and flipping the bird to corporate America ; what else does the underpaid , underappreciated , accountant need ? Brilliant comedic performances from the brutally honest Ron Livingston , Stephen Root , David Herman , and Gary Cole , help bring out the accountant in all of us , and also shed light on the universal truth we all know deep down inside
 Do n't spend time reading all the critics . If you 're here , its because you have some interest in this particular movie . So , here 's the deal
 It 's very abnormal for a movie made by Mike Judge with Jennifer Aniston as a co-star to be so profound , but this movie manages to define and brilliantly satirize day to day life for all of us who do n't really get any satisfaction from our work . From buzzword-dropping tech yuppies , to waitresses , to construction workers , Office Space captures the dull , clock-watching doldrums of work for millions of us.The movie portrays Peter , a software engineer who could n't care less about his job -LRB- it takes place in 1999 and he 's updating bank software for Y-2k -RRB- and considers himself a wimp because he always just takes things-from his cheating girlfriend coercing him into skipping poker night to his condescending jerk of a boss asking him to `` go ahead and come in on Sunday too '' . He undergoes `` occupational hypnotherapy '' to help him cope with work , and in a twist of events , Peter is permanently caught in a trance in which he loses all inhibitions about his job-and everything else . This is where the movie begins to express its brilliance in satire . Peter is in a trance , but this `` altered state '' really makes him just be himself and to be assertive instead of just conforming and caving in . He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work , dumps his nagging b ** tch of a girlfriend , and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress -LRB- Aniston -RRB- . Peter inspires everyone around him through his own form of civil disobedience-skipping work , dissing his corporate douche of a boss Lumburg -LRB- yeaaaahh ... that 'd be greaeet -RRB- , and gets promoted for it , while his conforming buddies lose their jobs in a downsize . They also come up with a scheme to rip off the company which goes wrong-but the plot of this film is rather arbitrary . The great thing about the film is that it sums up our lives for millions of people who crank out their 8 hour days and dread the next , living for the weekend and hoping they do n't have to work extra . It captures all characters from the various workplaces , from the condescendingp buzz-word uttering corporate boss , to the patronizing restaurant manager , to the overly enthusiastic sleazy waiter , the office gossip , the weird guy , and the sugary sweet cheery girl who says things like `` a case of the Mondays '' , the movie has them all.Throughout the film , comic relief is offered by Peter 's mullet-haired , beer drinkin ' construction worker of a neighbor , who seems to be the only person in the movie who really has things figured out . He loves his life , because he gets to work outside and feels no real obligation to his `` career '' . This is another brilliant satirical point of the movie-the one character who is happy with his life is the one that most white collar people are quick to ridicule-the `` uneducated manual laborer '' . Lawrence is absolutely hillarious and makes the movie for me . `` Hey Peter man ! Check out channel 9 , it 's the breast exam ! Whhoo hooo ! `` In the end , Peter realizes that his dreams in life have absolutely nothing to do with what he does for a job , or what his `` social status '' is . As far as work goes-he dreams of doing nothing -LRB- or as close to it as he can so long as the bills get paid -RRB- . He ends up working with Lawrence and hitching up with Aniston-and a happy man.In America too many people are obsessed with their careers , their houses , their cars , and all the other crap that really does n't matter if you have a miserable existence . Office Space reminds us that there is an alternative-and that is what makes it so great .
 Despite its status as a modern `` cult classic '' and its frequent replays on cable TV , many people have still not seen Office Space , one of the funniest movies of the 1990s . Written by Mike Judge -LRB- best known for his television work on Beavis & Butthead and King of the Hill -RRB- , Office Space is a spot-on spoof of what it is like to work in corporate America at the end of the twentieth century . Ron Livingston plays a Peter Gibboons , a young professional at a software company who is utterly drained by his Dilbert-like existence . During a hypnotherapy session , he expresses a phrase which crystallizes the work-life of hundreds of thousands of Americans
 Office Space is the ultimate comedy for bored , middle class , gen Xers -LRB- the kind of folk who frequent amazon.com for example ... -RRB- . Guilty as charged - I love it ! While office comedies in the past typically revolved around the protagonist trying desperately not to lose their job -LRB- The Apartment springs to mind ... -RRB- , the everyman in this movie refreshingly does n't care . I think this touches a nerve in the heart of everyone who watches it knowing that their life does , or someday will , revolve around a clock , a computer and socializing with a group of people you would otherwise avoid like the plague ... Mike Judge creates a fantastic bunch of characters , largely unsympathetic and weaves a plot around them that , while reminiscent of Superman 3 , ends up playing second fiddle to the sharp dialogue , the set-piece sketches and the ironic , but perfectly captured interpersonal relationships that will resonate so intensely with the right viewer.The only people I 've ever heard of who did n't like this film were a bunch of management consultants from London who did n't find it at all funny ... It 's too close to home and it 's too near the bone ... It 's also amusing to see how `` Office Space '' has crept into the cultural vernacular - pick up any issue of FHM , Maxim and the like and you 'll find plenty of sly references to TPS reports , staplers and `` Ummm ... Yeah ... What 's Happening ? '' . You owe it to yourself to watch this movie !
 Peter Gibbons -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- is fed up with his life and wants to make a change . He decides to try hypnotism , to put him in a better mood . However , the hypnotist suffers a heart attack and dies right before he can snap Peter out of the trance . Now Peter does n't have a care in the world , and is determined to get fired from his boring cubicle existence at Initech Corporation . Armed with a leisurely new attitude , and a sexy new girlfriend -LRB- Jennifer Anniston -RRB- , he goes out of his way to neglect his job . However , this is where the story gets interesting , because it quickly gets Peter promoted into upper management . His two friends Samir Nayeenanajar -LRB- Ajay Naidu -RRB- and Michael Bolton -LRB- David Herman -RRB- always play by the rules . Unfortunately , they are fired due to cutbacks . So to get even , Peter and his two friends devise a plan to rip off the company.This is one of the funniest movies that I have ever seen . Everyone can relate to the story , because at one time or another , you have hated your job and wanted to do something about it . The characters in this movie , actually get to live out that fantasy . The acting is great all around . Ron Livingston is hilarious as Peter . Everything he does to upset his bosses and neglect his job is outstanding . David Herman and Ajay Naidu are extremely good as well . However Gary Cole gives the film 's best performance as Bill Lumberg . `` Uh Yeahh Peter ... What 's Happening . '' He goes out of his way to make the employees miserable , from having them work on the weekend , to stealing poor Milton 's stapeler , and moving him into the basement . Jennifer Aniston does a nice job as well . Watching her fight with her boss over the pieces of `` flair '' is priceless . The two Bob 's played by John C. McGinley and Paul Wilson are hilarious ! Last but not least is Stephen Root as Milton . His obsessions with his stapeler and his overall personality will make you laugh and feel sorry for the guy . `` Office Space '' is a comedic masterpiece . We can all relate to the story , the laughs are non-stop , and all of the actors are fantastic . My only question is - Why could n't FOX put out a better DVD ? With how funny the movie was , you know there had to be tons of outtakes , and plenty of deleted scenes . So where are they ? There are absolutely no special features whatsoever . To make things even worse , the presentation of the film itself was barely above average . This may be the one time that you should go with the VHS version of the film .
 This is almost a live-action Dilbert movie . This film takes a look at modern corporate culture and lampoons it . If you have ever worked in a cubicle , this movie will strike a chord within you . Whether you are seeing the consultants , or efficiency experts , interview people before the lay-off ; listening to the sing-song voice of the customer service representative , or watching the employees get mad at the fax machine ; this will all seem eerily familiar.Quite a few of the scenes nod to other movies of popular culture , as well as sate our thirst for revenge against work . This mixture makes from some memorable images . The camera work used as the conspirators initiate their plan or `` celebrate '' their lay-off is hilarious.My problem with the film is that it feels great as a series of short films , but as a whole movie , it does n't hold up as well . Although Mike Judge -LRB- who wrote , directed , and acted here -RRB- forecasts what would happen in the end , it still feels like `` deus ex machina . '' It feels like he could n't think of how to end it , so he just threw this in . It does take some suspension of disbelief . The argument between Peter and his girlfriend also seems a little contrived.All in all , this is a funny movie . I would recommend seeing it .
 First time I saw this was before my current job , which is working for a state government . It was funny , but I do n't think it clicked with me until my current job . Now I find it hilarious , and the extras that are included on the DVD-ROM are nice as well .
 Had to own it . Do n't know why I did n't buy it sooner . Anyone who has ever worked in an office needs to see this movie . And do n't forget your pieces of flare .
 This is a great office comedy even if you do n't work in an office it is sure to make you laugh !
 I already own this movie , I feel like it portrays my life . I watch this and laugh hysterically each time . It 's not for everyone though , some people I have seen sit through this with a straight face.Now I own it in HD on blu-ray !!!! I also really enjoyed the extra footage and the interviews , I have never gotten to see those before .
 At my employer 's facility we have every one of these characters except for Jennifer Anderson ! We had two supervisors that were assigned to offices with no windows and one door . One office was originally a paint closet . The other office was a storage locker . Each of the supervisors staid in their respective ` closet ' for twelve years . Granted , they were amazingly normal considering their circumstances.This flick must have been written by someone in our company . Yes , even the red stapler and the guy relocated to the basement ! This flick will be mandatory for arson investigators .
 The longer you worked for a typical large corporation , the more you 'll like this movie . It 's sort of a cult film for all of the Dilbert/cubicle people . Even if that 's not your personal history , you 'll like it a lot anyway - talk to anyone else who 's seen it .
 I do love this movie . If you ever worked in a big corporation you will recognize many characters in this movie . Really enjoyed the simple story . Mr. Lumbergh very funny !!
 Funny and pertinent . John McGinty , Steven Root and Gary Cole are hilarious . Jennifer Aniston fits right in . And Ron Livingston is a hoot .
 I bought a copy for each member of my team , and a Red Stapler too , because I manage them at a very fast pace and they really step up . That was a year ago and they are sill using sentences from the movie . In tough times , this move cheers anybody up .
 Its just a funny movie , everyday life gets boring and a crazy scam goes wrong and its epic must see !!!
