 Rather than scratches and insect droppings , this one has random pixelations combined with muddy light and vague image resolution . Probably the cue should have been the packaging is straight out of your street corner bootleg dealer.If you 've ever seen a reasonably good condition film copy , you know the defining visuals of his film are the crystal clear lighting contrasts in black and white . The surrounding countryside and ` old home ' scenes are set with early morning ground mists or the haze of memory while the events on the bridge and in the water are bright , clear , and immediate.Here everything is dull , dark , and clouded . Or , if you remember the timbre and enunciation of Captain 's commands , so are the visuals.After that , it is hard to believe this award winning , critically acclaimed film 's best presentation is on YOUTUBE . Somewhere `` out there '' is a DVD that comes up to the standard of a 16mm public library reel.Just none of them appear to be on Amazon .
 The plot is so ridiculous , I have to wonder if they even read the script before making this film . The mountain lion breaks out of his trailer - and the cars behind do n't notice ? The mountain lion is captured - and put in a jail cell ? Get real ! Utterly , completely stupid .
 And I thought only Hollywood could produce such self-conscious , unfunny , witless television.Handsome Max Beesley was delightful in Tom Jones , but his career , aside from the big money , has taken a real nose-dive with this series . Likewise , Dexter Fletcher saw much better days with Guy Ritchie . Except for the ` hard-nosed business woman ' , the women are self-serving bimbos that Las Vegas would be proud of , but all the characters are monochromatic and shameless stereotypes
 I ordered this DVD and received a substitute I never received the DVD I ordered from Importcds -LRB- the Vendor -RRB- . I contacted them and did not recieve any feedback . I ca n't rate a DVD I have never seen . I did n't bother to send it back because it would have cost me more that I orginally paid for it . In the future I will watch for the name of the person and/or persons I am buying from . I thought they were a good company . I understand a simple mistake but , to not get a response at all is not good businees sense . I spend hundreds of dollars a month on Amazon.com building my DVD collection . I guess I will be more careful in the future .
 While the movie in itself was better than i expected what i didnt expect was the `` non existent '' Thai soundtrack . While the option was on the disc menu -LRB- as well as stated on the package -RRB- the Thai soundtrack does not exist . No matter what you choose , Thai or English , English is what you get and while there are some exceptions most dubbing is ridiculous at best and the dubbing on this title is sub par . While this review covers only the first movie of the two the other may remain in plastic never to see the inside of my dvd player . Its a shame and a sham when you purchase what claims to be original and is not . Very disapointed in this offering from Tokyo Shock .
 Michele Soavi enjoys international cult-status as the maker of avant-garde horror films , and as such , his fans will not be disappointed with `` Saint Francis . '' The first half of this movie 's cup overflows with sinister characters , protracted violence , on-camera torture , and endless journeys through frightening dwellings and landscapes.That said , he made an admirable attempt to depict a `` muscular '' Christianity and present Francis 's life without pastel colors . It had to be done and he did it . But , while this film is an artistically lush period piece and is conceptually intriguing , the realization is disappointing . The plot is somewhat muddled , the script does n't justify its three and one-half hour length , and the characters are unremittingly stern -- whereas , the hallmark of St. Francis was joy . -LRB- According to witnesses , he bore his year in prison `` with cheerfulness and good temper . '' A better interpretation of the saint 's troubadour-like personality is the father 's character in the Italian film `` Life is Beautiful . '' -RRB- Additionally , Soavi 's portrayal of Francis ' relationship with the Catholic Church is slightly skewed and incomplete.Saint Francis was a reformer , not a rebel.In Soavi 's interpretation , Saint Francis appears as a precursor to Luther ; that is , Christianity should be `` sola scriptura . '' Add to that ' `` sola '' nature ' and ' `` sola `` poverty ' and you have the plot of this film in a nutshell . The Franciscan ideal does contain the Gospels , nature , and poverty , but it contains much more ; obedience being high on the list . Saint Francis ' faith was never at odds with the faith of the Catholic Church.Furthermore , belief that the Church did not allow men and women to read the Gospels in their native language is an erroneous belief , but it is widespread and one need not be anti-Catholic to hold it . This theme in the movie 's plot is historically inaccurate . -LRB- What the Church guarded against were `` Gospels '' written in the vernacular that contained error . For those who are interested , Mario Derksen -LRB- Catholic Insight -RRB- in his essay , `` Did the Catholic Church Try to Keep the Bible From the Laity ? '' uses modern and historical sources to argue that the Church was concerned with mis-translations , not translations . -RRB- For many good reasons Michele Soavi 's film will -LRB- or , will not -RRB- resonate with viewers , but for an accurate picture of Saint Francis and Saint Clare one would do well to get a good biography . -LRB- G.K.Chesterton 's `` Saint Francis of Assisi , '' is a start . -RRB-
 Although visually sumptuous , gritty and sensual , this film has several problematic characteristics that prevent it from being either an enjoyable or edifying portrayal of St. Francis.In the first place , a_very_blatant Protestant plot element is inserted in the movie , with an apparent Waldensian St. Francis meets in prison . The man is there because he translated the Gospels into `` the common tongue '' and is then brutally tortured for such `` heresy '' , but not before he passes his ragged Bible to Francis , whose faith is awakened by this first introduction to the Word of God.The second problem is that the movie does not attempt to attribute any sort of supernatural explanation to Francis ' actions , but instead gives a naturalistic depiction of his life . God does not speak to Francis here . The closest we come to anything miraculous was when Francis and his brothers saw a large flock of birds . Even his stigmata is played down to resemble nothing more than scrapes on his hands . It is also hinted at that it is self-inflicted , since the movie earlier showed us Francis intentionally grasping a thorny stick as hard as he could , and wounding his hands.The third issue is that Francis ' personality is just warped in this movie . He is portrayed as a delusional , self-harming , neurotic lunatic , an amiable simpleton at best . He is frequently shown crying , moaning , rolling around the ground in pain , spitting up blood . It is none-too-subtly hinted at that he was nuts.The fourth problem is that the movie is interminable . It is almost 3 hours long . If it contained any sort of plot development or dramatic tension , that would have been bearable , but with Francis mostly just acting strangely , it was not a pleasant experience.The movie is n't all bad , as I said . It is beautiful to watch , and so far as I can translate Italian , the acting seemed powerful to me . I was glad it did n't obscure Francis ' faith , as Zefferelli 's proto-hippy Francis seemed to do . However , the problems I elucidated above ruined it all for me .
 This Broadway Theatre Archive production took one of the wittiest , most sparkling 18th-century comedies -- and ruined it . The costumes are intentionally absurd -LRB- think Beach Blanket Babylon -RRB- , the acting is way over-the-top-camp , and the incidental music could not be worse . The music , BTW , is a combination of pop Renaissance and pop modern ; anything but 18th century . The director appears to have had the goal of showing that his company was just too hip and too modern to do anything but make fun of this silly , fusty old play.I like `` The School for Scandal '' very much , and not having found any other DVDs of it , I started out with the intention of keeping a recording of even a bad production . But when they got into the extended bop-be-bop of the drinking song scene , I knew I just could n't ever sit through this one again.The visuals are also blurry , but with the production being so bad , so what ? Anyone who actually likes this play will be revolted by this DVD .
 I first tried buying this tape from a Marketplace seller . I sent it back because the tape quality was poor and the packaging looked unprofessional . After returning it I bought one from Amazon proper and ... it was the same quality tape and the same packaging . Since I 'm now sure this is not a bootleg tape , all I can say is ... some videos are better than others .
 Classic drawing room comedy , period piece . Cleverly written in a time when the audience needed a bit of a nudge to figure out each character . Each person 's name describes how you should feel about each ! Charming idea from the 1700 's . If you 've never had a chance to see one of these comedies , take a look . This is a famous play and well done . Must see for theatre students .
 This was the second of Cory 's tapes that I have purchased and was equally if not more so , disappointed . Not having the opportunity to view it , I purchased it based on customer ratings from Amazon . If music and environment is important to you , this is not the right video . The music is not aligned at all with the movement , and either is her counting . Though there are five sections for a full body workout , the exercises are jerky and inefficient . There is no pre-instruction or notice prior to each exercise in addition to little to no safety in the movements or shifting from one to another . Though Cory 's reputation with regard to her bodybuilding is well noted , I will not be purchasing any other tapes from her collection . It is the first `` instructor of tapes I have noted , wearing evening gown length earrings in her workouts and she and the members of her training look more like first timers for the Playboy collection than serious and directed workout members . Their `` bums '' are bare for the workouts . All these factors combined , I find them more `` show '' than anything else .
 For anybody who 's looking for the 1978 movie with Lauren Bacall - this is not it ! Actually it 's a 12 minute CBS music video by a group called `` Perfect Gentleman '' with 2 titles on it
 This video is really a disappointment , it came with a Thomas piece so naturally my daughter picked it and I thought the bonus `` feature '' would n't be mixed in with the actually Thomas stories but I was wrong . My daughter easily lost interest when the people would come on and talk about loving Thomas and getting to ride the real Thomas train ... I was totally annoyed .
 I never write reviews but I just felt compelled after I saw this video . It 's 70 % listening to parents and kids think about Thomas and maybe 30 % Thomas related . What is worse is that you have to fast forward through a bunch of the rambling in order to see what amounts to a 5 minute story . And , there is only one song in the `` Sing A Long '' . I really liked Thomas stories after watching them on PBS with my daughter . Next time , I will try to find those stories on video . They actually last about 15 minutes and do not involve mindless prattle from people I do n't know .
 My children get easily bored with this video . I thought it was several episodes of Thomas but it has A LOT of just children and parents talking about Thomas and all . It does n't keep the kids attention because what kid wants to sit and listen to a bunch of talking . This was my first Thomas video purchase ... hopefully the next will have more shows and less talking !
 This is a DVD with footage of a `` Come Out and Meet Thomas '' day mixed in between the episodes . Sort fo a promotional piece to be honest . Still decent enough to rent . The DVD extras are limited and not very good . My son seems to like it o kay but it gets pushed aside for more interactive stuff to be found on Sodor Celebration . There is also a ton of toys shown during the `` party/interview '' footage which can be a good or bad thing depending on how much you need to control that sort of thing with your child . Also I for one get annoyed at the interviewes not sure why they just annoy me . This production has the feel of an old VHS video copied to DVD without much added to it . I would n't throw it out but I would n't buy it either .
 I bought this thinking it would be packed with Thomas stories . Turns out there are only ten , which is a typical Thomas DVD . However , between each story , it also has interviews with parents and their kids about what they like about Thomas . As I parent , I 'm not interested in this , and I know that my 3 year old would rather watch Thomas than a bunch of strangers any day . Plus , the sing-along section has one song . One . We have other Thomas videos that has at least 4 , and they are n't special DVD 's , just normal Thomas collections . I would n't recommend this to anyone , if you are looking for solely Thomas stories and can find other collections .
 Unless I missed something , there are only one or two actual episodes on this DVD . The rest is a long commercial for the Thomas the Train centers and an ode to Ms. Allcroft . Waste of money .
 Has too many interviews with people at the Live THomas day in Penn. . My kids were annoyed and hated this DVD .
 My 2 year old son is huge Thomas fan . This DVD has long introductions to each story in which children and adults are interviewed - my son could n't care less . He just wants to see trains ! We have a portable DVD player , and it is a big pain to try to fast forward past these introductions , and he -LRB- and I -RRB- just ends up frustrated . My advice - pick another DVD .
 All the interspersed kid and parent interviews where they talk about all the trains they have just feels like a thinly disguised effort to sell more product.It 's also AWFULLY frustrating that you ca n't jut buy the DVD Series here as you can in the UK , but have to make do with compilations where there are invariably episode duplications . * sigh *
 If you want to watch a movie where a couple meets , falls in love , gets married , almost breaks up , have cat fights , get angry , make up , has new problems , lie to each other , hurt each other again , almost break up , really do break up , cry , yell at each other , cry again , then finally make up because there 's not really anything else to do - then this is the movie for you.If you do , for some reason , decide to watch this , watch it to the point where they get married - THEN TURN IT OFF -LRB- being bollywood , thats about the length of a regular movie anyway -RRB- .
 I LOVE Bollywood movies . I saw my first `` Kahbi Kushi '' at a film festival and I was hooked . The love scenes were so sexy -LRB- And yet nobody even kissed ! Amazing ! -RRB- . I loved the dancing and singing . I laughed at the silly misunderstandings . I cried -LRB- a LOT -RRB- . Since then I 've purchased many and loved most of them . Except this one . The first 30 minutes or so are as charming a Bollywood plot as any of the other movies . Poor boy sees rich girl , falls madly in love , follows her to another country , and woos her away from her family-approved wealthy fiance . Cute . But now there 's 2 plus hours left of movie to go . And their relationship gets ugly . He ca n't get past her family 's wealth and , though she never complains about their living situation , he 's in a constant state of drama - scheming to succeed , blaming her when things do n't go well ... they split up , he makes a drunken scene outside her aunt 's home ... . Blah , blah , blah . As hammy as Shah Rukh Khan can be at times , he 's never been unlikeable - until this movie . He was egotistical , arrogant , abrasive , annoying and I , frankly , wanted to reach through the screen and smack him.In short , if you want to dip your toe into the Bollywood ocean - and it 's worth giving this genre a try - pick a different film .
 If you enjoy music from other Bollywood movies , then there 's a good chance you 'll like the soundtrack of Chalte Chalte . And the scenery , whether the characters are in India or Greece , are beautiful too . I also like the main actors ' other movies . However , there was no other redeeming quality to `` Chalte Chalte '' than what I 've mentioned above.The love story is unrealistic from the beginning . That 's usually okay in a romantic comedy because the characters still somehow live happily ever after , but this movie showed me that these kinds of relationships do n't really work out . Okay , so this movie is realistic ... but that did n't make it entertaining . The couple only got together because the man kept pressuring the woman to accept his proposal , and after they married , they bickered most of the time , mainly because of the husband 's insecurities.This might be the movie for you if you 're trying to watch every Shah Rukh Khan movie out there . Or if you 're really bored and you could use some entertainment , even if it 's just making fun of this movie , then you might want to check it out . Otherwise , please do n't waste your time .
 Saw this movie and felt compelled to warn people not to waste 144 agonizing minutes of their lives . In a nutshell , I have heard many more clever jokes and `` one-liners '' watching King of Queens on cable ... SERIOUSLY FOLKS , it 's THAT BAD ... the bad jokes and the 23 references to small jewish penises got old real quick . Thought i would always be a Sandler fan but he clearly , Adam was in need of some rent money and jumped on this script for the cash and RAN!Why else would the plot line include Seth Rogan writing for him ??? To put things into perspective , this film made Bruno look like Casablanca !!
 This movie was not only NOT funny , but it was excruciatingly boring . I think Adam was channeling the Aristocrats . Whilst Aristocrats was not as funny as it thought itself to be , it was still better than this garbage .
 When the film first started playing , my partner and I looked at each other as if to say `` What on earth is this ? ... '' but we decided to give it a chance and let it play - for about half an hour before we could n't bare to watch any more . The title says ` Funny ' - it was n't . The overall cover is totally misleading and gives you the impression it is a funny film by someone who had previously done a funny film - but it was in no way funny at all . The jokes were terrible , the script was terrible . Very disappointing .
 Entertaining in places but spoilt by lots of crudeness and dirty talk that degrades woman . In the end I found nothing memorable or funny about this film . Sad for Adam to seem him in such a trashy film .
 those guys ARE OVERATED !! ARE THEY REALLY FUNNY ? NOPE . STUDIOS PAY THEM MILLIONS OF DLSS FOR THIS !!! C'MON AMERICA . . WAKE UP !!!
 This movie was perhaps Adam Sandler 's worst effort . He seemed tasked with the burden of playing a man who was apathetic , but he came across as being apathetic about the role . The result was that his performance never engaged viewers to want to pull for him , which made the climax of the film lackluster . It was occasionally funny , considering the title and cast of comedians , who played comedians . The last 45 minutes , the film changes pace entirely , as if it was n't floundering enough , and drops its attempts at weak comedy to push even weaker drama . Despite all the big names and cameo appearances , the only real stand out was Leslie Mann , who plays Sandler 's ex . She was the only lively force in the cast , but sadly , alone she was n't enough to bring it back into focus . You 're not missing a thing .
 I love Leslie Mann and Eric Bana , but this is probably one of the worst movies I 've ever seen ! It was like 3 or 4 movie/plots/stories put together and just kept climaxing then letting down then rising action again and climax and letting down ; over and over ! I just kept wondering when it was going to end . I should have walked out like so many others did.Some may like , but it 's NOT my cup of tea !
 I used to enjoy Sandler 's movies but this one is just ... jeez , how to put it ? Well , UNFUNNY.All characters are if not stupid , shallow and egotistical ... Do n't care how ` dramatic ' was this supposed to be , his misogynistic prick persona is the worst ever . Just , do n't watch it , really ... You 'll want those minutes from your life back .
 His movies seem to be going down hill . The only thing i found funny about this movie was Eminem snapping in it . Other then that , it is just not that funny . Dont let it trick you , only see this if its free .
 I rented this in a 3 for $ 10 deal along with Law Abiding Citizen and The Informant . I should have rented a different movie along with Law Abiding Citizen and The Informant because this movie sucks . I 'm a big Adam Sandler fan ever since seeing Happy Gilmore and I ca n't believe he went from that to this garbage . The problem with this movie is that it has too much going to have a consistent plot to it . The talents of Adam Sandler and Seth Rogen are totally wasted here . Jason Schwartzman , who I thought was entertaining in Fantastic Mr. Fox , also has his talent wasted here . The part with him being a TV actor on a show called `` Yo Teach ! '' was laughably bad . Rza does provide some comic relief as Seth Rogen 's co-worker at the grocery store deli , but the movie is far too horrible for Rza 's comic relief to save this movie . The movie is far too long for a comedy or as I like to call it `` dramedy . '' Up In The Air is not even this long and it 's a far better movie than this one . If you want an Adam Sandler movie that 's part comedy and part drama , then check out Spanglish . That movie is not your typical Adam Sandler movie and succeeds where this movie fails . There are much better ways to spend 2 and a half hours of your life than watching this disappointing piece of garbage !
 I 'm a very well versed spectator of all themes of films . This movie is the only one I have never , ever been able to finish in one sitting . This is the God 's honest truth , myself and ex wife would put this in the DVD player to watch while falling asleep . That is n't a joke -LRB- although funnier than anything this title has to offer -RRB- or exaggerated . It is , by leaps and bounds , the worst movie I have ever seen . I enjoy dry and dull humor . Napoleon Dynamite , Grind , even Family Guy allow me to chuckle watching them . After about 20 minutes of `` Funny People '' I found that I was actually pissed off that I paid for this . It is an attempt to be both humorous and dramatic , yet it fails miserably at both . I 'm no movie critic and know they look for different things than I to rate them , however I just ca n't see how it achieved any good reviews . I would have gotten more enjoyment to take my 20 bucks , change them into ones and start a fire . Instead of wasting a dime on this failure , send the money to someone who can use it . This is the first movie in 25 years I threw in the trash . I did n't even want to give it away for fear the person I gave it to would never talk to me again for punishing them . Bottom line , buy something else . Of the great comedians in this film , none were remotely funny or entertaining . It is almost as if they were bored while filming it .
 I should have known going into this movie having Judd Apatow a part of it would mean I would hate it . However , having Adam Sandler in it and seeing the previews in the theater we gave it a -LRB- very hopeful -RRB- chance . The movie loses it 's true premise of having depth in amongst the terrible & crude `` jokes '' . I have to say we did n't make it more than 30 minutes into the movie before turning it off . It is a constant barrage of pathetic behavior . I just do n't believe that there are this many people out here that are like this and can relate to this behavior . Very Disappointing .
 Despite its title , `` Funny People '' is not a comedy in the traditional sense . It has some top comedy talent in the persons of Adam Sandler , Seth Rogen , and director Judd Apatow -LRB- `` The 40-Year-Old Virgin '' and `` Knocked Up '' -RRB- , but the movie looks beneath the veneers of men who make their living doing standup comedy , exposing some darker elements.George Simmons -LRB- Sandler -RRB- appears to have all that money can buy -- a beautiful home overlooking Los Angeles , a garage full of merchandise he 's received free of charge just because he 's a celebrity , and a never-ending collection of young women eager to jump into the sack with a star . But George has no significant relationship , no friends , and a rare , life-threatening disease.When he sees aspiring comedian Ira Wright -LRB- Rogen -RRB- perform at a comedy club , George asks Ira to write him some jokes for an upcoming corporate gig and eventually hires him as his personal assistant , partly as joke writer , partly for company.Though `` Funny People '' is only his third feature film as writer/director , Apatow has established a trademark of creating natural dialogue and having his actors deliver it effortlessly . His ear for dialogue and flair for inventing colorful supporting characters makes his work stand out.This time around , however , Mr. Apatow has ventured into rough territory with a film about a comedian and his problems that 's not very funny . We get glimpses of both Ira and George on stage . While it 's understandable that Ira will be rough and unpolished , we expect that George will annihilate the audience with spot-on jokes and observations . This never happens . Instead , Apatow allows Sandler to mutter , utter a few lame gags , and mug as the on-screen audiences guffaw at nothing especially amusing.It 's tough to empathize with Sandler 's George . He has made his life what it is , becoming wealthy and famous in the process . Faced with the uncertainty of his illness , he mopes around , leaning on Ira in the absence of the usual support system of family and friends . He is desperate to connect , but ca n't . Mr. Rogen , slimmed down from his earlier movies , plays the struggling artist with integrity , a quality his wide-eyed-innocent face immediately conveys . Ira lives with roommates Mark Taylor Jackson -LRB- Jason Schwartzman -RRB- , currently starring on a hit TV sitcom , and Leon Koenig -LRB- Jonah Hill -RRB- , a sometime standup comic more proficient at making wisecracks with his pals than igniting audience laughter when he 's on stage . This is a strange trio
 This is not a typical Adam Sandler movie , which is not necessarily a bad thing , but it kind of is here . First of all it 's not funny . It 's about `` comedy '' but I would n't consider the movie itself to be a comedy , although there are a few funny things in it I suppose . This movie seems like it 's all over the place . It has a long runtime but it doesnt really accomplish much . Some people might like the story , but it was pretty dull to me .
 Adam Sadler plays an unlikable comedian , George Simmons , who finds out he may be terminal with AML and tries an experimental drug . He decides to do stand up again when he meets comedian wanna-be Ira Wright -LRB- Seth Rogen -RRB- attempting stand-up . Sadler is impressed by Ira and hires him to write jokes and to be his personal go-fer . Ira finds out about the illness and convinces George to tell his family and friends about it . George plays the death card to patch up relationships , then suddenly he is n't going to die anymore . George re-examines his life , but even at mid-life he is still an immature a-hole . Everyone has sex but Ira , which seems to be a sad joke.I found the jokes and humor to be at best , lame . The language was crude and sexual . Brief nudity . Perhaps what is best about the movie is that it makes sit-coms look really lame . If you think a guy saying `` tweet '' over and over again , spinning around in a circle is funny , then this movie is for you .
 Too bad Adam Sandler could not have been given a better script . Funny People starts with promise as a Jim Carrey Man on the Moon type film and then drifts oddly into some sort of romantic comedy with repetitive c ** k jokes . There are two movies here made from what seems like two first drafts . Maybe it is a marketing problem . Or , maybe just lazy writing . Sandler does a great job showing off the dark side of a comedian . Maybe Funny People would have been better as a straight drama .
 Wow , I usually like Adam Sandler & Judd Apatow/Seth Rogen films but this one came and left the theaters before I could get a chance to see it . I do n't think I laughed once during the entire movie . Not even a chuckle . It seems as if no one was having any fun making this film . The unnecessary over the top crudeness of Apatow 's ensemble does n't seem to work with Sandler 's schtick . I loved `` Knocked Up '' and `` 40 Year Old Virgin '' but there does n't seem to bee much chemistry with this group . I was waiting for `` Bruno '' to show up and throw in some more unnecessary genital conversation . I almost bought this , I 'm so glad I only rented it .
 An acceptable movie , with some good moments by Adam Sandler , and some of the other new American comedy guys ; but very far from his really `` funny people '' involved movies , like `` ANGER MANAGEMENT '' -LRB- with Jack Nicholson -RRB- or the hilarious `` LITTLE NICKY '' .
 I seriously did not expect a dramatic look into the mind of a comedian when I rented this movie . They marketed this movie like the Forty Year Old Virigin and Knocked Up ! When I rented the movie I expected a lot of humour and with so many funny actors I put way too much faith in it . My wife and I was so disappointed that we stopped watching it . I do n't watch a lot of TV , but when I do watch something I want it to be worth while.If you 're into these artsy films about the serious life of people in the spotlight , then you 're going to like this film . However , if you 're looking for humour like Adam Sandler 's previous films -LRB- i.e. Happy Gilmore , etc -RRB- then you can forget about it.I give this film 1 star because this is not my kind of movie and it was advertised like a great comedy film not drama film . : /
 After I had accepted the fact that this was n't a comedy movie halfway through the movie , I kept asking myself , ` why do I still hate this movie ? ' Here 's why : Who is the protagonist ? Adam Sandler ? I 'm so rich - waaaaah ! I 'm going to die - waaaaaah ! Nobody loves me - double waaaaah ! He is n't a very likable from the beginning of the movie or the end , or anywhere between that two-and-a-half hour window . Or is the protagonist Seth Rogen ? He comes off as a sweet and sensitive characterIf this was n't a comedy movie , then what 's the take home message ? How someone would think and act differently facing their upcoming mortality ? That concept has been beaten to death by books , Reader 's Digest articles , bumper stickers -LRB- today is the first day of the rest of your life -RRB- , and yes , other movies !!! If you are interested in more of this concept , I recommend The Bucket List , Running Out of Time , or Rudy for god 's sakes!Nobody learns anything . There was no character development from anybody . Adam Sandler 's character learns something in the last 2 minutes of the movie , but his `` revelation '' was so blatant and unprofound that nobody cares , not even Adam Sandler and definitely not me .
 Not much to say about this movie ... i am a huge Adam Sandler fan , and i love him in anything ... but this movie was looooong and booooring !!! The comedy skits in the movie were n't funny ... at all ... i guess if you enjoy hearing about masturbating ... cocks ... and farting ... you would like it . Like i said , not much to say ... i paid to watch it on my Suddenlink Direct Demand and i wish i could have my 3.99 back !!!!
 This is one of the worst movies I have seen . The dialogue is awful . There is ZERO humor . All the characters are boring and completely humorless.What a loser movie !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This movie was HORRIBLE ! I do n't know how anyone could give it 5 stars . This movie was the worst 2 hours of my life . I expected more out of an Adam Sandler movie . I felt like I was watching 2 movies at once . Any time someone asks me about this movie I tell them it 's a waste and to rent something else .
 I saw this movie with my friend a couple of days ago . i said to her , this is real stupid , i could stop watching it right now and i could care less about the ending . She said , `` we saw this movie already '' and she is telling me what happens next so we start getting into an argument , she claims WE saw it and i said , Vat ? i am getting alzheimers?Finally we figured it out . we started to watch this movie together about 3 months ago and i lost interest and i zonked out.adam sandler and all the whos who in jewish comedy were funny in other movies . but this one really eats the bird!skip it !!!!!!!!!!!
 Anything with Adam Sandler in it is supposed to be funny . This however , just , well , was n't . I really do believe that this movie had potential , but there was so much going on , so many stories within the story , that they could have made 3 movies out of it.It 's 2 and a half hours long . That 's about an hour and a half too long for the main story plot . This movie honestly seemed longer than Titanic , or Gone With The Wind because it is so long and drawn out.There is very little humor in Funny People . The only good thing about it is all the major stars that pop up here and there , which is probably why , in my opinion at least , that this movie even made it to the big screen and did n't go straight to DVD .
 After screening about twenty minutes of this thing on my 60-inch plasma , I realized the TV had been irretrievably compromised by having this filth routed through it , so I had to lay my TV gently on the den floor and then smother it with a pillow.This movie should have been entitled Revolting People Who Are Not in the Least Bit Funny . The movie is pathologically unfunny . It is so unfunny , it is very hard to tell where the humor is supposed to lie . Instead , the movie is a bleak yarn about stand-up comedians whose material is ... supposed to be funny , apparently , judging by title and by the tittering of the comedy audiences in the movie , who constitute a kind of living laugh track . But I can not begin to fathom what is supposed to be funny about this material . `` If the guy from MySpace -LRB- big MySpace logo in background , clearly a product placement -RRB- and the guy from Craigslist got in a fight , I wonder who 'd win . '' This is one of the `` jokes '' in the movie that is supposed to be funny . Then James Taylor features in the movie as a kind of commercial for himself , to no purpose whatsoever . The only way I could make sense of this movie is as an anti-comedy
 i can not believe that an intelligent actor like adam sandler would degrade himself by acting in a degenerate , trailer trash movie like this , but i guess money makes some people do things that are beneath them . this movie is as funny as a sewer , all it is comprised of is endless and pointless profanity , virtually ever second word . the writer who has very little , if not any intelligents , has substituted profanity for lack of intelligent writing.is the endless profanity suppose to make the male lead charactors appear more manly ? . yes it is true that quentin tarantino movies has there fair share of profanity . however his movies use of profanity is justified as it is incorporated with intelligent writing . if you have very little or no intelligents or are a degenerate and trailer trash this movie will appeal to you .
 A truly great example - of how terrible some movies have become !! Vulgar !! Offensive . Unnessisary nudity !! I usually love Adam Sandler - and ca n't believe he 'd stoop so low in this role . Seth is highly likeable in this - but still swears and lowers himself as well . The woman who plays Adams ` romantic interest ' is mostly great - but also stoops to swearing - blantant sexuality . The writing is the worst in this movie . This awful movie is 2 hours and 22 minutes long - but only feels like 5 hours . - And I could have spent my life doing something more interesting and exciting like watching paint dry or grass grow . I suggest skipping this movie altogether !! Tragic where movies have gone to . Much has been lost !! Scott MacNeil - comedian .
 Honestly if you don want to hear a lot of swearing you wont like this . Let alone the story line was ridiculous . Would n't recommend !
 This movie had funny parts but was too long and very painful at times to watch .
 Now , when I first heard that Adam Sandler was going to be making a movie with Seth Rogan , I thought , `` Of course I have to go see this ! '' Two really funny comedians in one movie together ? What would be better?I 'll tell you.ANYTHING.Sandler plays a big-shot famous comedian who just finds out that he 's dying . Through a strange set of coincidences , Rogan becomes very close to Sandler 's character and ... well , I do n't want to give too much away . But , throughout the movie , there are multiple scenes that actually take place in comedy clubs , where these people who are supposedly great stand up comedians are doing there stuff . In the movie , the audience watching them is crying as they laugh . In my theater ? Everyone had the same confused-dead-pan-what-the-heck-is-supposed-to-be-funny-about-this look on their faces . Were those supposed to be jokes that they were telling?Don ' t get me wrong , I was n't expecting any `` why did the chicken cross the road jokes '' , and I knew that because the movie was rated R , there would be plenty of crude body jokes , but come on ! Rogan 's character 's jokes revolved only around his `` manliness '' and farts . Even Sandler 's character pointed out that Rogan would never get a girl if he kept talking about things like that . I personally got so tired of the repetitiveness of Rogan 's jokes that whenever he got up to perform , I would zone out and start paying attention to the people sitting around me because , honestly , they were more entertaining than what I had paid nine dollars to go and see.When it got to the second half of the over 2 hour long movie , the `` funny parts '' disappeared completely . It was n't even pathetically funny . No , in the end I would 've called this movie People , because the said People were definitely not Funny .
 I normally love Sandler 's movies but this was just horrible . None of it flowed right , jokes were horrible vand stupid and just all around made no sense . Do n't waste your time and money on this .
 The movie skips a few scene transitions and once it got to chapter 15 I could n't watch any of the rest of the movie at all and the file online said it was ` like new . ' The disc itself looks clean but it will not play at all in my 2 week old player and three other players I tried it in ...
 I must say I never liked Adam Sandler . There were so many more talented people who just never got a chance to be on the screen . I still do n't get what 's with Adam Sandler.Besides that I decided to give it a shot . It took half hour when I stopped watching .
 my husband and I watched this and ended up watching something else . this will be a waste of your time
 It is wayyyyyyyy too long and completely aimless . Some may call it `` complex '' ; but I call it crap . There are a few little laughs here and there - but nothing that would make this worth sitting through . Even when one steps away from the fact that this was not intended to just be a comedy and rather attempts to tackle some more serious content ... it still sucks . Do n't waste your money . Watch `` I love you man '' or `` Grandma 's Boy '' or something that is actually entertaining . I wish someone had warned me .
 The term `` Flash in the pan '' means `` something that promises pure potential but fails '' . That , unfortunately is `` Funny People '' . When I saw the trailer , I was excited to see the movie . But then I saw the movie . I 'll get to the point since Amazon apparently has a word limit : - The whole `` Dying comedian '' plot . Andy Kaufman would roll his eyes it was so stupid . It 's basically like a fictional version of Andy Kaufman 's life.-The Eminem cameo was so out of place it was unbearable . He did great at acting in `` 8 Mile '' , but what he does n't seem to know is that it was a one time deal !!!! - Too many -LSB- ... -RSB- jokes.-The movie was so depressing that how it got called a `` comedy '' beats me . Is this seriously the best Apatow has to offer after stellar movies like `` Anchorman '' and `` Pineapple Express '' ???? - Too long for what it was , but not long enough for the amount of material crammed into it . The movie basically ends at like 1 hour and 40 minutes , however the rest seems like a 45 minute after-the-credits sequence but placed before the credits . I am not lying , I thought it was over so many times . It was like the movie ended and the sequel already began.-It 's not a movie , it 's a drinking game . Adam Sandler makes a -LSB- ... -RSB- joke ? Take a drink . Depressing `` Yadayadaboohoo '' about being sick ? Take a drink . You wo n't last before the end of the movie though , so be warned.There 's loads more but I 'm just cringing thinking about it . Rogen is basically the highlight of this otherwise overlong and depressing movie . So I guess the two star nod goes for Rogen alone.IN TOTAL : Entertainment
 Judd Apatow has reached an absolutely new level of ... sucking !!! Even Adam Sandler , one of my favorite actors of all times , sucked too , big time !!! There are funny movies , there are not so funny ones , there are stupid and ridiculous flix and ... there 's Funny People ! Its name should be changed to ... what 's the word for utterly unfunny ? Almost 100 % of jewish actors and they could n't pull it off ? That 's odd !?
 How can anybody even smile with the kind of garbage Adam Sandler ALWAYS performs?This guy is just a moronic retard.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON HIM .
 This is what Hollywood is calling humor these days ? Must of been written by the lowly out of work writers during their strike ! Crude , demeaning and a waste of my time !
 The new `` stars of comedy '' make me miss the real ones . Why do n't you try to learn from thy elders , like Mel Brooks , boys?Side note
 This was a movie that reached a bit beyond the director 's talent level . Apatow for all his praise of his last two directorial efforts , is basically a formula director . His formula is basically alot of penis , masturbation , and oral sex jokes masking the promotion of conservative morals & family values -LRB- No sex before marriage with 40 Year Old Virgin & the responsibility of fatherhood in Knocked Up -RRB- . That might sound bad but his first two films were effective comedies . Not so much with this one.The first hour of this movie is actually pretty great . It establishes the two main characters well , Seth Rogen 's trying to find a way through the door comedian Ira , and Sandler 's character of George Simmons which is mostly meant to mock his real life success as a movie star . Rogen is essentially playing the same character he has played in most of his starring comedic roles up to this date -LRB- minus Observe and Report -RRB- so its mostly Sandler 's show in this one . They do a great job at lampooning his career with him but also let him be an interesting character in his own right with the look into his hollow existence and self realization of it . Its quite entertaining as they develop a working relationship and go on the stand up circuit.The Movie kind of falls apart after the first hour after a plot device from that hour is dropped and so the film goes off a completely different tangent . Now Sandler 's character is contacts with his ex-fiance who is married and has children , and Sandler is now focused on reconnecting with her and the rest of the film revolves around that pursuit and the whole stand up comedy part is dead in the water , and alot of the minor characters from earlier in the film are for the part written out of the flick -LRB- given a few minutes of screen time at the end to wrap things up , like a small budding romance Rogen has with a comedienne and his funny yet adversarial roommates . -RRB- I dont know why Apatow did this , maybe he fealt vain and show off his wife and children again like he did in Knocked Up -LRB- even worse here as he even brings in a home video of his daughter at a talent show and gives them a ton more face time here -RRB- or whatever , but for for the rest of the movie we have another one of formulaic tricks , the conservative family values part . So you basically you know how this little endeavor ends . Another problem is that this is way way way too long . This movie should n't have had to be 2 hours long let alone its 2 and a half hours running time . Its just too much.With a brilliant first half hour ruined by the next hour and half this movie was disappointing . It exposes Apatow for the mediocre talent that he is , that he isnt nearly as good of a director or writer as he is as a producer . Its good when he hands over the reins to better talents like Jody Hill and David Gordon Green because he ca n't seem to handle all the processes at once . Skip this .
 There are some genuinely funny parts of Judd Apatow 's longest film to date , and most of them involve a truly awful network sitcom Jason Schwartzman is starring in called `` Yo , Teach ! '' That accounts for about five minutes of this film ; you keep wondering what Apatow thought he was doing for the other 148 . The first half involves a famous Adam Sandler-like stand-up comic -LRB- played by Adam Sandler , showing almost no distance whatsoever from his usual persona -RRB- who discovers he 's ill with a variant of leukemia , and who starts mentoring a young nebbishy comic -LRB- inevitably played by Seth Rogen -RRB- as he also seeks to make amends for his horrible behavior throughout his life , his lack of connections with his family , and -LRB- in particular -RRB- chasing away the great love of his life -LRB- Leslie Mann -RRB- . Then the Sandler character unexpectedly responds to his treatment , and the rest of the film is mostly a -LRB- lengthy -RRB- shaggy-dog story of a weekend trip he and the Rogen character take to the San Francisco Bay Area to perform a comedy gig so he can hook up again with the married lost sweetheart.You keep waiting for the point of the movie to be revealed , and it 's not until the end that you begin to see how you 're supposed to make sense of the characters . By this point the patterns we see them in are so familiar from Apatow 's other films that we can almost color in everything ourselves . A man has to grow up and stand on his own two feet ; selfish people will eventually become lonely ; a man 's best friends are his freakish loser roommates ... all this will seem dully familiar . Mann does not embarrass herself as Sandler 's lost love ; and the two charming daughters she and Apatow share , Maude and Iris , steal much of the movie as her character 's daughters . Rogen does everything we 've seen him do before by being shambling and lovable , and Eric Bana seems in the wrong film as Mann 's studly Aussie husband . The `` Laugh , clown , laugh '' first section of the film would be truly intolerable if not for the brief comic bits with Schwartzman and -LRB- again inevitably -RRB- Jonah Hill as the loser roommates , and for the absorbing decorating details of the Sandler character 's fabulous oceanside palazzo .
 Adam Sandler/George Simmons is going to die , so what does a famous actor to do ? Go back to his roots and realize the world has passed him by . Sure , he gets the ladies , a large house , and a ton of money/great stuff , but he lost his love to his selfishness , and he has no real friends . Enter Seth Rogen , a struggling comedian who 's simply not funny , and happens to be in the right place at the right time to be Simmons 's right hand man/joke writer . That 's only the first half hour , and trust me , it only gets more tedious and unwelcome after that.It 's always a bad idea to set an expectation in a movie title , and ` Funny People ' burns in this regard . There 's a lot of comedy , but there 's very little funny . In fact , when Eminem & Ray Romano provide what is probably the film 's funniest moment -LRB- James Taylor comes a close second -RRB- , you have a serious problem . I tend to surround myself with a lot of stand-up comedy , and in studying the comics of today I get a general idea of what works and what does n't . Guess what , Funny People 's comedy does n't work . Whether it 's cameos , Jonah Hill , Adam Sandler , or Seth Rogen , they all come off very awkward and not funny , at all . Another very awkward/uncalled for scene is the one you may have seen in the ads with Sandler brutally roasting a European guy . As someone who also makes some pretty racy jokes , even I found this scene squeamishly uncomfortable.At one point , Sandler chides Rogen 's character for using too many d ** k jokes because it guarantees chicks wo n't sleep with you . Apatow should have taken this advice because 95 % of the jokes in this movie are about the d ** k , and when he 's going for this striking personal drama about Sandler stricken with cancer , all emotion is lost with these jokes . It 's just uncalled for , and sort of kills the momentum & the movie . No I 'm not prudish , I just do n't think it works in this context.This brings us to the drama/story . I learned two things from this movie . Everybody in Hollywood is a large a-hole because they let the fame go to their head , or you 'll become an a-hole because you want the fame . Make no mistake about it , at some point in this film every character is an a-hole . This not only turns you off from liking the characters , but I found myself cringing or shaking my head several times in this movie because they 're just so dumb , or such a-holes . Again , it 's awkward . Sandler 's character alone starts off an a-hole , gets better , becomes a large a-hole , then comes back down again.Casting is a rather mixed bag . Adam Sandler gives his 2nd best performance -LRB- his scene as an old man in ` Click ' still wins me over -RRB- , and the role is almost perfect for him . Sandler 's done a lot of stupid movies like the character , and he knows comedy , drama , and being an a-hole . Rogen on the other hand was awful in his stand-up persona , then balanced throughout the film between being a jerk and being the voice of reason for George . In the end , Rogen could n't win me over to like his character . I personally thought Leslie Mann 's best scene was when Sandler went down on her . Besides that , it 's always a mistake for the director to cast his wife , and by the time the character shows up in the movie it had already worn out it 's welcome , and she helps run it into the ground . Jason Schwartzman also gives a good performance as a jerk , and Jonah Hill is just underused . Eric Bana ? Could 've done without him.After leaving the theater , I was deeply depressed & conflicted over the movie , then as soon as I looked at my iPod my mind sprang to John Mayer 's `` In Repair . '' Listening to this song was really the missing piece for me since it describes George Simmons . He 's in repair at the end of the film , he 's not together but he 's getting there . It certainly works better than a b-side John Lennon track . Still , with the exception of a few moments in the film & the last five minutes , I found little I liked about the film & it still left me rather depressed.If anything ` Funny People ' is proof for me that Judd Apatow is purely lightning in a bottle . It worked in ' 40-year old virgin , ' and to a lesser extent ` Knocked Up , ' but aside from these , and displayed prominently in this movie Apatow 's is a good producer , a hit & miss writer , and an atrocious director . It 's painfully obvious Apatow fully expected the drama and comedy elements to mesh together , but they never did thanks in part to a barage of d ** k jokes and as a result I was wanting to leave the theater over 40 minutes before the film ended . ` Funny People ' is just too moody/messy to recommend .
 I 'll admit that I am a huge Judd Apatow fan . He has an extremely distinct style that he manages to stamp on every one of his films . What makes him such a unique director is his ability to somehow weave together sincere and heartfelt storytelling with a seemingly perfect amount of obscene , gross-out , and often hilarious humor throughout . With Funny People , the first hour and a half is vintage Apatow -- witty , crude and hilarious . The second half is where the film takes a complete nosedive . The laughs are scarce , and when they come up , they 're enough for a chuckle at best.The film follows George Simmons -LRB- Adam Sandler -RRB- , a stand up comedian since his high school days , who has just been diagnosed with a life threatening disease . We are given glimpses into his past that shows how he turned his success in stand-up into a career of `` sell-out '' big-budget movies that have made him millions . He begins to reflect on his life and quickly realizes that his self-absorption has left him with a mansion full of things he never uses , no real friends , just a circle of actors whom he sees every now and then , and the love of his life , Laura -LRB- Leslie Mann -RRB- married to another man.With little time left , he reaches out to the people he 's lost touch with through the years and goes back to doing the thing he loves most ; stand up comedy . Along the way , he meets his first true friend in Ira -LRB- Seth Rogen -RRB- , an up and coming comedian whom he hires to be his personal assistant and write jokes for his routine . The film stresses how truly important it is to have close-friends in your life . If you do n't have someone you can truly open up to and talk with , then all the money , expensive cars and fame wo n't add to anythingGeorge 's life is about to end and he does n't have a friend talk to about it.There 's the potential for a great film here , but Apatow could n't quite put it together . It feels like you 're watching two different movies . The first half is hilarious , raunchy , and has just the right mix of drama . The latter half is awkward drawn out and feels completely out of place . As a whole , Funny People is a mess.-Jeffrey Ryan -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 This movie was not an original concept . The jokes were lame , as were the performances . The writer and director disappointed the audience by using Adam Sandler , Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill as a box office draw . When in fact , it was n't worth the money to see this film in a theatre .
 Save your money . Your time can be MUCH better spent . This was one of the worse movies I ever sat through . Actually , I drifted away close to the end and was thankful I did n't waste that time . Its AWFUL .
 Not worth the time.Pros
 Around 110 minutes into this Judd Apatow marathon I started checking my watch . And then I found myself rooting for an ending ... any ending . Just end movie , end . Yet FUNNY PEOPLE mercilessly droned on for another half hour , culminating in predictable endings for the story 's alleged love triangle and friendship between the two central male characters -LRB- Adam Sandler and Seth Rogan -RRB- . Which begs the question
 This sucked!The WORST English dub EVER!Crayon Shinchan is long TV series that lasted close to 12 years in Japan . Funimation did NOT purchase the entire series just a handful of episodes , so you do n't see how the stories and characters developed and changed over the many seasons.The English dub they made changed the entire dialogue and Americanized practically ALL the characters and situations to an extreme low brow humor . Granted the original show did have a lot of puns , and low brow humor as well , but Shinchan did retain an innocence for his mischief , being the focus that he was always this incredible force of fun shaped as a 5 year old boy . True fans of the manga and series should NOT buy this lame production by Funimaiton .
 I bought this for my grandson who loves `` cheesy '' movies but even he said this movie was too stupid . The first Killer Tomatoes movie at least had some funny parts . This movie does n't . Do n't waste your money .
 So stupid it was n't funny.I want my money back .
 The early success of Adam Sandler 's films gave him this mistaken impression that he was an actor and a writer . This film proves he is neither - and a grating voice-over guy to boot . I enjoyed Happy Gilmore and to a much lesser degree , Little Nicky and Big Daddy . But Sandler is a one-trick pony . We 've all seen the trick , so it 's just not interesting anymore . I thought this might be the one Hanukah film in a world of X-mas fare . It has nothing to do with the holiday and is definitely not for kids .
 I was told that this was a decent movie.But I did n't care for it . I find Adam Sandler as funny as Jerry Lewis , not very ... The animation was pretty good however .
 Do not buy or rent this . Adam Sandler is officially a no talent hack . This is not for children or anyone for that matter unless lame brained scattological humor with absolutely no point is your thing .
 god !!! what a dumb movie . the fact that Adam Sandler can do this is just wrong ... never lives up to what if true and it down right smells like cheese ... sick and demented jokes dont help its premise ... though Whitey gets a few lifes ... nicely animated but a poor outcome . think of this as a guide beofer watching it ... Jon Lovitz , Rob Schneider and others contribute voices .
 If you are adamant to watch this movie despite all the negative reviews , please do it after the Holliday season . This is the most depressing , sad , pathetic , sarcastic and cruel movie that I 've ever seen in my life.Through all the movie I felt that I am going to cry and was depressed for the rest of the day . Basically it is a movie about a guy that lost his parents during his childhood , twins with serious genetic disorders and a single mom . How somebody could find it funny is beyond me.If you want to kill the Holiday spirit and get into a deep depression than this movie is perfect for you ! If not - skip it .
 This movie is such a bizarre combination of morality and immorality it seems like no one would really like it , but there are always exceptions.If you 're looking for a sweet Christmas tale , watch A Christmas Carol or The Grinch . If you 're looking for potty humor , watch Beavis and Butthead . This movie tries to be both , and in the end , the sick humor and complete meanness just cancel out the moral message the plot tries to portray , leaving the viewer with nothing . Anyone who has the impression from these reviews that this is a `` moral '' movie , please beware , it is far , far , from it . There were glimmers of morality and good humor in there , but they were all but eclipsed by the nastiness .
 Everyone 's allowed to flop now and then . No matter how surprisingly . I 'm pretty big on Adam Sandler . He was integral in championing the glory days of SNL . His humor is sick , perverted , and offensive - to some people , that is . Me , I find myself laughing myself half to death at the most shallow of toilet humor when engineered by Sandler , whereas 99 % of society looks stupid and superfluous when the execution of this type of humor gets into the wrong hands . If you think NOBODY can pull off a fart joke that 's actually funny , make sure you check out his first two cd 's before nailing the coffin . They get old , but thankfully it takes a while for that to happen.Then came his movies . One after another , legions of Sandler followers attended a decade 's worth of 90 minute comedies which were diverse in storylines but similar in format and style . Fans could n't have cared less about most critics ' `` 2.5 / 4 ish ratings . '' Adam Sandler was and is a big pioneer of the kind of random humor that made big shots like Conan O'brien famous . Many do n't get it , so they dismiss the Adam Sandler catalog entirely , though not before using some of the adjectives I demonstrated in the opening paragraph.But then came this movie . I missed it in the theaters , so I rented it instead of buying it - smart move on all accounts . The first time I heard Whitey in the courtroom , I thought it was Adam 's -LRB- `` Stone '' 's -RRB- main character just changing his tone of voice amidst his rantings with the judge . In due time , my brain recovered and realized that Adam was actually voicing an entirely different character . This is a huge joke - and not the kind that Sandler was going for . I 've heard much better , and more contrasting , and much FUNNIER voices on his cd 's , and basically anywhere else outside this project . Huge mistake # 1 is having your two main characters have almost the same voice . It 's as if the one character is just speaking in a higher voice the whole time , and it 's not convincing at all . In other words , that 's one strike for poor acting.Huge mistake # 2 is the plot . Whenever you 've got animators involved , it pains me to see a great technical effort wasted on a failed delivery of entertainment . A promising youth gone bad after tragedy strikes - that 's what briefly takes the main character on the tried-and-tired-to-death path of needing to confront his emotions.What audience is this geared towards ? It has the aspirations of a child 's movie , which would make it more forgivable , but that notion is quickly dissolved as soon as we start seeing the stereotypical Sandlerisms that always randomly invade his work . Ok , not for children . But the 3rd grade plot makes a viewer who is any older than that want to beg for 74 minutes of his life back ... The movie 's so short , barely over an hour , but 15 minutes into it I felt like time was moving so slowly , I was back in highschool . That NEVER happens with the always creative Adam Sandler , as he always keeps you involved ... well , now we 've got to change that to ALMOST always . I hate to say it , but Adam made a boring movie . What a time to have writer 's block .
 I thought this was a big dissapointment ! It is crude beyond `` good taste . '' I wish I could return the DVD but I do n't have my receipt so I 'll just `` trash it ! ''
 I 'm usually a supporter of Adam Sandler comedies , even if a lot of them are the same . His films have innocent , escapist humor that just allows you to forget about your troubles and laugh at pratfalls . This time , Sandler dabbles in animation , and it unfortunately does not achieve the same effect as his live-action comedies.Sandler voices the three main characters in this cartoon
 Its sad that a animation that is clearly made to attract children was made with such rude humor and disrespect towards others . How this animation could be recomended for anyone is beyond me . Shame on you Adam Sandler that your ability is not used for more postive purposes .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!! One reviewer states , `` the funniest Christmas movie ever '' . This could not be farther from the truth . I like many of A. Sandler 's movies . However , this movie sucked really bad . It was crude and not funny -LRB- reindeer pooping and eating poop ? ... come on ! -RRB- . It was irritating and not funny -LRB- the old man 's voice was so grating , it made you want to scream five minutes into the movie -RRB- . Most of all , the movie was boring and embarrassing to watch in mixed company . I still ca n't believe I wasted $ 4.00 to rent it .
 The Story is appropriate and some parts are really funny but some of it is horrible -LRB- sickest humor he 's done in any of his movies that I 've seen -RRB- . Definately not for kids . I expected better after Mr. Deeds . Adam Sandler is really talented and there is no reason he has to produce such trash . I love the Chanukah Song ! I 'm not a Jew but it makes me want to celebrate Chanukah.There are only two real redeeming features of the movie . These are the little old man Whitey , because he loves everyone in his actions even though they treat him like ... , and Stone 's repentence -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- at the end .
 I ca n't believe the reviewer who turned this off after the first 30 minutes . How in the world did anyone watch this for 30 minutes ? So I only watched 10 minutes , but a movie that starts the way this one does is not getting any more of my time . My hairdresser highly recommended this , and all I have to say to her is , do n't give up your day job to become a movie critic ! Total garbage .
 This is the first movie I 've ever even thought about writing a review for in here . My hope is that people do n't waste their money , or reward Sandler and the studio for this garbage . This movie has replaced `` Caddyshack 2 '' and `` Weekend at Bernie 's 2 '' at the bottom of my worst-movie scrap heap . It was pure torture . I watched all the way to the end just to see if there was some redeeming joke or scene that would at least salvage an intelligent laugh . No luck . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a big Adam Sandler fan . I even found Little Nicky somewhat humerous . My favorite Sandler movie was Happy Gilmore , and I loved his career on Saturday Night Live . But where this abomination came from , I have no idea . Just the annoying voice of `` Whitey '' , one of the main characters , is enough to give you a headache . I think this movie is the result of a bet with his buddies that he could make X amount of dollars off of it just because of his name being affiliated with it . I can almost guarantee you will be very sorry if you actually purchase it . If you do n't believe me , at the very least rent it first and save yourself the buyers remorse . The people that give this movie a 5 star review HAVE to be Amazon stockholders or buddies of Sandlers . It 's that bad . Do n't want to take my word for it ? Check out these pages of reviews : http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/AdamSandlersEightCrazyNights-1118408/The green blobs are bad reviews , the round tomato are good reviews . Hope I 've saved some money out there . Bill
 I could n't tell you how this movie ends , we turned it off after the first half-hour . Not appropriate for children , not entertaing for adults . Our dog even left the room . Do n't waste your money .
 Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 80 lousy minutes of my life ... wasted . I can only begin to think of the things I could have done isntead of sitting through this horrible , filthy tripe . Maybe I could have seen the South Park movie for the 100th time , or played catch with a friend , or had my teeth pulled out by a Nazi doctor ... anything but this.So , what is it that makes this film so horrid ? So absolutely terrible ? There are a number of things .1 . THE SICK , DISGUSTING FART HUMOR - Alright , so maybe one can tolerate a few fart jokes . Like I mentioned above , I enjoyed the South Park movie , which was loaded with crude humor . Why , then , did I not like 8 Crazy Nights ? Maybe , it was because the South Park film had a point . All of the sick humor led up to something . Here , it is just done to try and make those idiot 11 year olds out in the audience smile , but I do n't think anyone in our theater smiled and most of the people in the theater were ... about 11 years old ! It is done to gross out the viewer and then laugh in the viewes 's face , proclaiming , `` Ha ha ! We made you pay 9 bucks for this ! `` Does watching deer spewing excrement make you fall off of your chair ? What about watching an old guy stick his finger up his hairy rear-end , then proclaiming he put his finger in a `` kitty 's mouth , but the kitty has no teeth '' ? Well , if you 're one of the ... maybe 3 people in the world who does like this so-called `` humor '' , you 're in for a treat , because all of this is in there .2 . THE CHEESY AND SO-CALLED `` SENTIMENTALITY '' - Alright , so I 'll bet some are saying , `` This movie does have a point ! It 's a touching story '' . Maybe that 's because you are being tricked into the way that it shoves it 's `` sentimentality '' into your face until you sufficate and die . Yep , it 's got a ton of moments that forces the viewer to pluck its own heartstrings and then rip its own heart out and eat it . It 's got it all
 Someone I know bought this in a discount rack , thinking it was what it pretends to be -- a children 's holiday cartoon . Nothing could be further from the truth . I could not believe what a disgusting piece of filth it is , full of perverted sexual innuendo . Movies like this should not be marketed toward children , and no matter what the rating , that is who they were trying to target by making it look like a children 's holiday cartoon . It should be kept in the back room of video stores with the restriction that only adults could see it -LRB- and then only if they have absolutely no taste nor moral fortitude whatsoever -RRB- . I ca n't give this as strongly negative a review as it deserves ! I only gave it one star because they would n't let me give it none .
 Adam Sandler is a great comedian with a lot of talent , potential , and resources . He can do anything he wants and I 'm glad that he made an attempt at making an animated movie . Perhaps he should n't have even tried because EIGHT CRAZY NIGHTS is just plain terrible . Other than a couple of scenes and a soundtrack that 's better than the movie itself , this movie is horrible . I mean , the Farrelly Brothers would be hard pressed to come up with something as sick and warped as this film . There 's a guy who eats his jock strap , talking deer who eat feces , a woman with three breasts , and a poor old man whose one foot is smaller than the other and is covered in white hair . Each one of these creatures receive no sympathy -LRB- well the old guy does in the end -RRB- and instead are used totally as the butt of jokes . Davy Jones ' conversion at the end of the film is totally unrealistic and in some ways even inappropriate . This is a film only for die-hard Sandler fans and that 's about all , however I am giving this movie 2 stars instead of 1 because of the kicking soundtrack .
 by Dane YoussefOK , folks . Now here is a movie that will put you out of the Haunakah spirit as quickly as Ron Howard 's live-action remake of `` The Grinch '' put people out of the Christmas spirit.A nasty piece too goofy to even be animated , it 's Adam Sandler 's first full-fledged animated musical `` 8 Crazy Nights . `` Every year , just about every TV show grinds out a puke-worthy Christmas special where the formula is something like this
 Adam Sandler sucks now , too old , too fat , too rich .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . I suppose I should not even say that , because I stopped watching the DVD 25 minutes in . It was that bad . The `` humor '' is actually cruel , and the `` jokes '' are lower than sophmoric . What I ca n't understand is how someone during the making of this debacle could not raise a hand and say
 Eight Crazy Nights is the thrid back to back unfunny movie -LRB- following Little Nicky and Mr Deeds -RRB- that Adam Sandler has made in the past two years . Eight Crazy Nights is full of toiler humor and unfunny one-liners . I may have laughed once or twice if these movie . They should have called Eight Crazy Ways to ruin a comic 's carrer .
 Most likely one of the worst movies i have ever seen ! I went to see this movie with about 5 or 6 friends , when it was over , we all wanted our money back ! The movie is not funny at all . Believe me i love adam sandler but this isnt even a comedy , there are alot of sad parts in it , but they label it as a comedy . All this movie actually is happens to be is a fairy tale for little kids , huge waste of money . If you want to see a real adam sandler comedy wait for anger management or rent happy gilmore .
 I used to be a fan of The Simpsons , but now much more of a South Park kinda guy , so it 's near impossible to offend me really . . The humor was good in some spots , but overall I fould it to be annoying and pointless . The emotion and general plot was pretty good , and I 've always liked Sandler for his singing abilities and SNL work , but this movie was bad -LRB- some of the singing was okay , but personally I did n't like half of it -RRB- . Most of the content is incredibly gross and could make you vomit if eating , but that 's Sandler 's great gold .
 This movie was terrible ! `` WARNING SPOLIERS MAY BE POSSIBLE ! `` Well it starts out with Davey , a drunk who is crude and mean . Then when he gets into trouble he 's doomed to community service with the town migiet Whitney , -LRB- No offence to little people out there , that it not my intention to offend anyone -RRB- . Whitney sounds like Woody Allen on crack , and his fernal twin sister Elenaor is n't any better.Well Davey does all he can to offend Whitney . That is until his place burns up ! So he moves in with Whitney and his sister , and they set some ground rules . Then as the movie goes on , they make a big deal about Davey having little emotion , and when he cries it 's all the sudden a big deal ! And for some reason the deer in the woods talk , and help Whitney out . What or who is Whitney supposted to be Santa Claus?I hate the music in it , the voices are annoying , and the characters are mostly unlikable ! So warning to parents , keep your children locked up from this totally bad movie !
 Yeah , it sounds like a cheery holiday movie for the kids , but it is n't . It 's mean-spirited movie that goes nowhere . It 's crude and rude as you would expect from Sandler , but not even in a funny way . Imagine Sandler pushing a little old man in a port-a-potty down a hill so that he becomes a frozen sh*t sicle ... then imagine reindeer coming to lick it off him and getting sh*t stuck in their teeth . Yup , that was in there and was about the extent of the humor therein.Please do n't buy this . And if you do , BE SURE to watch this before giving it as a gift or letting your children watch it .
 this is the worst comedy evericould tell this was an adam sandler movie right from the startit its a compilation of all the weak jokes from his past movies and albums , actors and songs put together to make a very dissapointing comedy . Had i known this movie was so bad , i hoped someone would have brought it TO MY ATTENTION YESTERDAY !!!!
 First off I do not dislike Adam Sandler , I rather enjoy some of his raunchy antics on film , not so much because I like raunchy antics , but because of the underlying message . Adam Sandler really does have a good heart and his films always show this . You can scoff at his bathroom jokes and spitting , farting etc , but he does that to satisfy his fans who paid money to see him , he is loyal to his fans and to his friends . Ever notice how he always gives jobs to Rob Schneider and Dana Carvey ? No one else does , that 's a good friend , also his good old fashioned small town morals always win out of the rich , evil fat cats who try to squeeze him in his films . He never sinks to there level either , perhaps that is why ECN was such a creepy , deeply disturbing film , I can not , in recent memory recall a more unpleasant time at the movies , what was he thinking ? Early on in the film his character , a drunken loser , belches very loudly in a Chinese restaurant '' Ok I go take shower now '' says Chinese waiter . I wanted to take a shower too , very soon after that scene . For starters Mr. Sandler seems to think he is a voice over man , he is not . His idea of a character voice is to squeak his lines out in a nearly impossible to understand whiny nasal twang that is not unlike running a nail down a chalkboard . One can barely understand he is trying to do a character , and he barely is . Also he is the voice of at least four of his characters , he is equally bad in each . Perhaps the most confusing and depressing is the old white heard man who lives with his sister in a little old house , he wants desperately to win a patch saying he is the town good guy or something , he coaches the kids basketball team , he has been for years , and apparently does not work except to do crappy jobs for no pay so people can ignore and not appreciate him , he is simply there to be lovable , and put upon , he is slightly less subtle then a pie in the face -LRB- as is the so-called humor here -RRB- . The script calls for Sandlers character to be a total jerk for no other reason other then to be redeemed at the end , there is no real motivation for his bazaar , cruel and badly aimed antics other then the screenplay calls for them . He starts off the film by driving a snowmobile drunk and smashing two ice sculptures , a menorah and a Christmas thing , I forget what it was . He is a repeat offender so his sentence will be a harsh one , but along comes old squeaky voice to offer the judge a chance to give him a reduced sentence , he lets him coach basketball with him in lue of time in the clink , I can just see the road runner and bugs bunny rolling there eyes and shaking there heads , surly , even in a cartoon there is some sort of rule book . Not here . Of course the judge remands him to the custody of squeaky and off they go . The film then goes on to showcase some of the most outrageous , mindnumbing scenes of animated mayhem this side of a Japanese manga involving tentacles and girls in school uniforms . He goes to the basketball game and insults the children , ridiculing one boy for being fat , the coach is knocked unconscious and puts his hand in his pants `` nice kitty kitty '' he squeaks , what the ???? then an angry father gets on Sandlers bad side -LRB- his only side -RRB- and is force fed a jock strap `` I hope you like them extra sweaty '' Ho Ho Ho . For the next part of the film which seems like eight days , crazy or otherwise , his house is burned , he pushes his benefactor down a hill , in a porta potty which freezes feces on him , he is rescued by deer who lick the poop off him , on smiles with a load of ca ca in his teeth . We are treated to this twice . God bless us , every one . By the time the paint by number ending finally gets there we are also subjected to a number of songs , each worse then the last , fortunately they are forgettable as well as bad `` If I move my bowls without using the spray ... that 's a technical foul '' is one of few lines I remember , thank you God . By reading this one might assume , as I did , that this is irreverent in the good way , poking fun at old Christmas standards , but it is not . It is disgusting , badly written , annoying and very , very cruel . The two dimensional nice old brother and sister are treated horribly , for no good reason with no motivation or payoff , the songs are unlistnable and the dialogue is hard to understand , this is not always a bad thing . Of course we discover why the hero is such a jerk , a childhood trauma involving a car crash on Hanukkah , he hooks up with is old sweetheart and lives happily ever after . The same can not be said for the audience . Why would anyone think this was funny or appropriate , who is the audience ? There are many vulgar sexual references that are not claver or cutting edge they are sad and out of place , the over all feel of the film is one of depressed Sinicism and a morbid sense of doom and hopelessness . Adam Sandler has been loyal to his friends , his friends should have been loyal to him and told him what a bad idea this was , even if it hurt his feelings . This Christmas turkey wo n't even work as leftovers . Bah Humbug .
 The packaging was coming off the back of the package and the box it was in was distorted . I wanted to give this as a christmas present but it does n't even look new !
 This is hands down one of the worst films I have ever seen . I used to be an Adam Sandler fan , but when he keeps pushing out garbage like this ... . I have to seriously question my previous judgement . I loved some of his previous work , but this one was just way too much for me to take . I watched this with a large group of people , and we all agreed that this film just had to go . We made it to just under 40 minutes , so we gave it a chance.I can not stress enough as to how annoying this film got in just those 40 minutes . The voice of Whitey -LRB- Sandler -RRB- was like somebody taking a fork and raking it across a chalkboard , pure pain . The humor was few -LRB- and I mean very few -RRB- and far between . The deer licking poop from a frozen Whitey and a trouble making lead role -LRB- also Sandler -RRB- were the highlights , and they just were n't funny but were billed as some of the biggest laughs of the film ? Sorry folks I just did n't see it , nobody did . I was severly disappointed.In summary , skip this one and go buy/watch the Water Boy , Happy Gilmore , Big Daddy , or something else . Even that piece of junk Little Nicky was a ton better than this garbage .
 I want to say first that I am an Adam Sandler fan . I loved him on SNL , I have enjoyed him in everything from `` Billy Madison '' to `` Punch-Drunk Love '' . So with that in mind , I had high hopes for `` Eight Crazy Nights '' . To say it was a let down would be an understatement . This is one of the worst movies I have seen in recent memory.The only thing remotely close funny is the old man named Whitey . He has a few lines that might warrant a slight chuckle . Sandler 's Davey Stone character is so annoying , you will probably be tempted to turn off the movie within the first 10 minutes . If you do n't , you 'll be treated to jokes about hairy butts , a woman with three breasts , a man eating a jock strap and deer licking frozen feces . Sounds appealing , does n't it?I am sure some diehard Sandler fans think this is funny , but I do n't . Hopefully his first animated movie will be his last .
 I try REALLY hard not to write negative reviews on this site . I realize that things like music and movies are subjective , and I do n't really think criticizing such things adds much to the debate . However , I could n't resist in the case of `` Eight Crazy Nights '' because it absolutely sucks . I 'm not Jewish , but if I were I think I 'd be pretty offended by this attempt by Adam Sandler to milk the holiday to add a few more bucks to his pile of money . This movie consists entirely of cheap humor and even cheaper sentimentality , making no effort to actually earn a laugh or any real emotion . I chuckled mildly about three times during this movie , and I think that may have been because I was bored . I 'm not some snob who only likes `` intellectual '' movies either ; I 've actually enjoyed every other Sandler movie except for the equally atrocious `` The Waterboy . '' But this drivel is just completely worthless . All those affiliated with this movie should be beaten sharply about the heads and shoulders with blunt objects at the earliest possible convenience . Oh , and the original Hanukkah song stopped being funny about four years ago , so the third version tacked onto the end of this snoozathon is n't helping matters .
 I love Adam Sandler . Well , I used to love him , before he made Eight Crazy Nights . Not only was this cartoon not funny , it was downright trash . I would not recommend this `` feature '' to anyone . `` Eight Crazy Nights '' was short on story , long on time , and wearing on patience . I kept watching in hopes that this cartoon would redeem itself ; I needed some justification for wasting the 2 hours of my life that I will never get back . Needless to say , I stuck it out until the credits , and now I have to live with the facts that I
 Let me start out by saying that I enjoy Adam Sandler movies . I like Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore . Sure , they 're not great films , but they 've given me plenty of laughs . So when I tell you that this is one of the most dreadful movies I 've ever watched , you 'll know it is n't because of some bias against Mr. Sandler.This may be the worst movie ever made . It is cloying , stupid , unfunny , weird , and pathetic -- in a bad way . I could go on about the awful story , the grating voices , the cliches and schmaltz , or the bad songs . -LRB- Yes , Virginia , this is a musical . The worst musical ever unleashed on film . No , I have n't seen every musical ; but you do n't need to in order to fully understand the depths to which this film sinks . -RRB- Do n't see it . Do n't buy it . Do n't rent it . Do n't send any signal that they should make more cr * p like this .
 The movie is vulgar and not meant for children . It is a typical Adam Sandler movie , with foul language and raunchy humor . Not enjoyable at all .
 I gave this 1 star because they would n't let me have 0 stars . The movie is just plain horrible . The 12 year olds in the audience enjoyed the juvenile , flatulence and other bodily function humor . But , this was the same audience that was passing gas in the theater and laughing at themselves . It will be a long time before I waste money on another Adam Sandler film .
 8 Crazy Nights might have been a sweet film with a good message for kids , but the scatological humor , offensive language and explicit sexual references made it unsuitable for my 10-year old . The plot , on the other hand , while fine for 10-year olds was too obvious and simplistic for most of the adults in the audience . As a result , while it 's probably not the worst film of the year , it is certainly in the running .
 To be 100 % honest i thought the movie was boring and too sappy for a cartoon.The old guy got on my nerves and the movie was just so unlike adam.I mean come on we all know he could have done way better than this stupid movie.Im sorry but i just think the movie was horrible .
 Yeah well this movie was just terrible . Sandler tries paroding the classic cartoon musical but he fails in every way possible . I mean this is a stupid movie , one song is about how great the mall is and then another song has the logos of different stores singing to him . It 's almost a marketing ploy to get people to go holiday shopping more . The film also tries to make the audience sympathize with Sandler 's character but once again it fails , we have seen the Grinch and A Christmas Carol too many times to actually care about this Jewish Scrooge . This movie sucks all around with cheap gross out humor that may have worked better had it been live action but that would have defeated the purpose of the film . And one last comment , Why the hell is this a double disc DVD ? All of Sandlers good and/or funny movies are singular yet this movie is terribe and it gets the extra feature treatment . This movie sucks .
 In two of the episodes , the word `` shut up '' is used . My son is three years old and instantly picked up on it , repeated it , and told me it was a bad word , but that James and Duck -LRB- the trains -RRB- had said it . I would stay away from this one , especially if you have young , impressionable youngsters . I gave it one star , since the wooden dragon train came with it .
 Why does this series need to be so much more expensive than most of the other TV shows ? Especially considering these do n't even have the original soundtrack . The first thing I think of when I think about My Three Sons is the great music that went along with the show , and it 's missing from this way over-priced version . As much as I love My Three Sons , I will wait for the original version to be released at a reasonable price before I buy .
 The two star rating has NOTHING to do with the show itself , which is the PERFECT Christmas special , hands down -LRB- each year I expect the networks to edit out Linus ' speech about Christmas ' true meaning . -RRB- Instead , I would recommend that people stay away from this Blu-ray for one reason
 Let me say first that , yes , like you , I too adore this warm , wonderful Christmas classic . No Christmas would seem complete without it . But it is * because * I love this show -LRB- and otherwise would give it five stars without hesitation -RRB- that I 'm forced to give a one-star review of this particular 2008 remastered/deluxe version . The reason ? This new version is out of sync . In other words , the mouth movements of the characters as they speak no longer properly match the actual voices you hear on the audio track . If you already own this version , watch yours carefully ; you 'll see what I mean . There 's a noticeable lag . If you 're considering buying this DVD , you might want to wait until Warner Bros. gets its team back to the drawing board and amends this annoying error . Perhaps such a flaw wo n't bother some viewers ; but if you 're like me , it will detract from the beauty of this classic every time you watch .
 Honestly , if you knew about the blu-ray format and the capacity 1 disc has you should be appalled that there is n't the entire peanuts collection on 1 disc . This is such a obvious marketing plot to extort more money out of the consumer . If you buy this disc you are only feeding into that disgraceful behavior . If you do n't know , blu-rays can hold more than 10 times the amount of content a DVD can hold . The entire peanuts movie collection can fit on to one blu-ray disc and to seperate them over 10 + discs just takes more money from you to send their fat kids to college . A pox on both your houses .
 With the over 50 GIGS of memory on a Blu-Ray , Paramount could easily fit the first 11 or 12 TV Specials on one disc , but being the crooks they are , they prefer to screw the American consumer by retailing 29.99 for ONE 25 minute episode , one 12 minute interview and a sub par `` Christmas Special '' made 20 years AFTER the original masterpiece . Shameful .
 Charlie is depressed about how materialistic Christmas is . Lucy makes him the director of the play to cheer him up , but he is soon depressed that no one will listen to him because they are busy having fun and he is n't . He proceeds to get a bad tree and then is depressed , and surprised for some reason , when no one likes it . Linus tells everyone the real meaning of Christmas -LRB- only redeeming quality in the movie -RRB- . Charlie goes home and tries to spruce up his tree but it does n't work mainly because he does n't really try very hard anyway . Everyone uses Snoopy 's decorations stripped from his doghouse , that he worked very hard on , to finally fix Charlie Brown 's tree just to make him happy . The entire movie is about Charlie Brown putting forth this vibe that he is entitled to be happy , and everyone must fall over backwards to make his Christmas a happy one not caring who he steps on in order to get there.Vince makes some great music though , and is the main reason for the second star .
 Classic TV special , but the promise of a `` digital copy '' is misleading . On the back of the cardboard slipcover , in tiny print , is listed this limitation
 Every year I think we get going too quickly and make an impulse buy that 's foolish . This was our purchase this year . Thankfully we got a 50 % credit for making the purchase -LRB- not sure what promotion it was since I did n't see it -RRB- and we got $ 1 toward Amazon MP3s . So our foolishness was credited , but before you buy this always remember that it airs on tv every year -LRB- in our case 3 days after we purchased it -RRB- . If we had checked our TV guide we would have seen it and been able to record it for free . Buyer beware.Don ' t buy it .
 while in fact it is only 25 , as specified on the DVD . I am OK with the price I paid for 50 minutes . NOT for 25 . If Amazon gave the right specs I would not have bought it . Now I can not even return it , cause returning anything from Croatia is too expensive . So I am stuck with most expensive per-minute DVD in my collection . And the fact that I overpaid it is gon na be buggin me , and I 'm gon na feel cheated for a long long time . Bad business , Amazon . Bad business . PS someone wrote 20 min in their review , 5 weeks after I ordered . Bummer .
 Absolutely awful.I watched this Christmas special with an effort . When I think of bad Christmas movies , it 's Santa Claus -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , Santa with Muscles , Santa Claus Conquers the Martians and A Charlie Brown Christmas.I ca n't believe this won an Emmy , Hollywood 's most famous TV award ! I would have to be on drugs in order to recognize it as such.I beggar you not to listen to the others ! It 's not a Christmas classic , they 're lying . How can a Christmas movie have touching up on a perfectly innocent tree , teasing C.B. because of the Christmas tree , and Lucy at the end saying dialogue that I try to forget : `` Charlie Brown IS a blockhead ... but he gave us a nice tree . `` Something that Ed Wood would perpetrate , in my highly professional opinion .
 THE worst adiuo and bad story line . What ' a waste of my hard worth cash !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I really wanted to give this product a one-star review , but the episode is such a classic that I ca n't bring myself to . `` A Charlie Brown Christmas '' is , hands down , the most wonderful Christmas special ever . Period . That fact makes this tepid attempt at a Blu-ray release all the more upsetting ! The one thing above all that really cheesed me off was that the touted `` digital copy '' IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MACS !!!! How ridiculous is that ? The most ubiquitous device upon which you can load digital copies is the iPod ; the iPod is a Macintosh product . It stands to reason that digital copies would be compatible with Macs -LRB- as indeed every other digital copy I 've ever experienced has been -RRB- . But NO , not with this one . Preposterous . The next thing that was upsetting was that the price you pay for this is far , far too high for the limited content . By way of comparison , for one dollar more , we purchased the Star Trek movie -LRB- the new one -RRB- Blu-ray edition ; it is a 3-disc special edition with over three hours of special features , plus a digital copy -LRB- that works on PC AND Macs !!!! -RRB- . With this , you get two discs ; the episode in Blu-ray and a standard DVD of the episode ; an additional crappy Peanuts Christmas special -LRB- truly awful -RRB- , a 10 minute making-of featurette ; and of course the useless digital copy . THAT 'S IT . For $ 19 . RIP-OFF !!! I have to believe that at some point , either the price will come way down or WB will release a proper Blu-ray execution of this Christmas classic . My recommendation
 If you already have this on DVD , do n't waste your money upgrading to blu . The picture quality is only slightly better , it 's not widescreen and the biggest disappointment is that the sound is the same as on the DVD . I gave it 2 stars only because it 's Charlie Brown -LRB- the show itself is worth more than 5 stars ! -RRB- , it 's a shame they did n't take the time or spend a few dollars to make the disc worthy of the title .
 This performance is pure garbage . Unfortunately I was at this pathetic show . The audience was mostly old geezers who were there to watch a group of other geriatric has-beens . The sound was awful , their performance of West Side Story was ridiculous , and their hatred for America was sad . Halfway through the show , the singer was having serious trouble hauling his fat * ss around the stage . He sounded like an exhausted pig , gorging himself at the trough . It was bad enough that they would embarrass themselves by performing in front of people , but they actually recorded their disaster . Now they think they can sell this crap ??
 First of all , I 'll give my ` positives ' regarding this DVD . Mike Stone is a great guitar player ... way better than Kelly Grey . Stone does a very good job on the lead work that Grey simply could not do on ` Live Evolution ' . Also , using Pamela Moore to do background vocals is a plus as well.However , the production -LRB- sound , lighting , camera work -RRB- is not nearly as good as ` Evolution ' . Understanding that Tate and company are telling a story here , there is too much theatrics which takes away from the music , and Tate himself does not do very well vocally.As a long time fan , I always considered Queensryche to be a band with a lot of professional class ... they stood out from the rest . I suppose when Degarmo left , all of that went with him . I was quite frankly shocked by the profanity , and specifically , the pervasive use of the ` F ' word and the middle finger salute throughout the production . I will never understand artists and actors who feel like using such language enhances the story . I suppose that it shows their true character as individuals.Tate has always been somewhat arrogant , and it is also obviously clear where he stands on his political views . This story could have been told without him sharing his with the rest of us . The poster disgracing Bush at the beginning of the show was tacky , tasteless , disrespectful , and just plain filthy . As I stated , this behavior stunned me , and to say the least , disappointed me . Tate has no integrity and definitely lacks character.Had I known all of this beforehand , I would not have purchased it . I know my review means nothing , and will more than likely not have any affect . I just felt like I had to give my honest opinion . To the true Ryche fan who soaks up their music , this is a disappointment .
 Well , there 's good news and bad news . Let 's take care of the bad news first.The Beachbody company itself is very difficult to deal with and you must make certain you are very careful in your dealings with them . Their `` full 30-day , money-back guarantee '' is a little misleading . Long story short , it took me almost two months to receive a full refund from them on `` additional tapes '' they shipped to me before my 30 day preview was up . They were willing to refund the cost of the product , but were refusing to refund the original shipping charges and to pay for the return shipping . They even admitted to the Better Business Bureau they only gave me 26 days to preview the program , but felt that was `` adequate . '' I had to write personally to their CEO and state my intentions to bring false advertising charges against them to the Florida state Attorney General for them to finally refund my money in full . There are many complaints against them for their questionable business practices -LRB- ... -RRB- . The good news
 I purchased this product and the DVD 's do n't even work . I ca n't even use them . I get nothing , no picture , nothing .
 it surprisingly contained very little substance . just 1 half hour workout per disk . got boring fast too . i found better stuff free on the internet .
 Where i enjoy the workout and feel it working i am upset that o ordersd from this site . The product said two dvds and and bonus , i only received the workout for week 3-4 and bonus mot work out wks 1-2 !! Very upset !!!
 I bought this thinking that it was going to be one of those major life-changing experience moments in horror or something . As i said in my title ... I guess i missed what was cool . It was ok for a low budget , but even then i guess i just did n't like the story , concept or style of the movie at all . People running down an alley flailing their arms does not invoke terror to me ... sorry . So i suppose this movie ranks as a
 ********* W A R N I N G ! ************* STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE ! **** This movie is pretty bad ! Ultra low budget movie with terrible acting and a boring plot , which combined with a huge stuggle to stay and watch should have given this one a NEGATIVE FIVE STAR RATING !!! MONEY DOWN THE TUBES WITH THIS ONE !!!
 First things first , this movie is LOOOOOOOW Budget . It 's cool that after all these years the movie finally gets a release , and the DVD is packed with extra 's . I guess I can respect what the director was able to do with such a low budget , that said this still is n't necessarily a good movie . I bought this movie because I read a couple write ups online & saw an ad for it in Fangoria . Reading some of the write ups on the DVD 's cover the movie is compared to `` El Mariachi '' , `` Dead Alive '' , `` 28 Days '' , & the first `` Evil Dead '' film . I 'm sorry , but Lief Jonker is ABSOLUTELY not Jackson -LRB- `` DA `` s effects blew this movie 's away , not even comparable -RRB- , if I had to compare this movie to one of Peter Jackson 's I 'd say it 's closer to `` Bad Taste '' . As far as Evil Dead , the guy 's got ta be just name dropping because again there 's just absolutely no comparison . And as far as comparing the realism to that of `` 28 Days '' , do n't even get me started , even `` Trainspotting '' which is only comparable because it was Boyle 's first film was miles ahead . Rodriguez ' `` EM '' is a world ahead of this movie , at least you belive in the characters if nothing else . `` Darkness `` s acting is horrible , you wan na just get up and smack the main vampire for being such a dork . The gore , while there are a couple well done scenes the majority does n't really look all that real , in most cases the blood looks like Kool-Aid & the wounds look like Play-doe . Do n't even get me started with the realism of the movie , take the chainsaw scene for example , if you took one to a hand like they do in the movie , I 'm sorry but the hand is coming off instantly , there wo n't be any poking little holes in the hand with the nose of the chainsaw . The story is only your basic vampire takes over town story . This movie , while it is neat Leif was able to do what he did with such a low budget and such a long period of time really is n't anything exciting . I bought it believing this was going to be a hidden gem of horror films -LRB- I really , really wanted to like it -RRB- , do n't believe the hype . To give credit where credits due , this is n't like the horrible `` Zombie Holocaust 1 & 2 '' -LRB- There 's my name drop LOL -RRB- low budget , still pretty low though . I can respect the time and energy from the cast & crew that must 've gone into this , I just ca n't help but think `` home made movie '' when I watch stuff like this . I just ca n't buy into the characters & story this way , call me superficial , just a better film stock makes a world of difference . If you can get into a low budget film , you might enjoy this movie , but know going in , this is a looow budgeted film . I 'm not happy with the stuff Hollywood churns out these days either , but this is n't necessarily an alternative .
 I 'm a fan of silent films , especially the long German epics . I 'm not a big fan of silent comedies , but I do enjoy them occasionally , especially Chaplin . Although I 've seen my share of poor quality films , this set is virtually unwatchable . Besides the poor quality of the print , title cards are missing , long scenes are cut out , half the heads are not visible in many scenes and they have the most annoying musical score I 've ever heard . I wo n't waste any more of my time typing or your time reading . Although $ 18 for 32 shorts may sound like a good deal , it is n't . Take the $ 18 and put it toward Chaplin 's 3 Essanay Vol 's or his 90th anniversary Mutual set . You wo n't believe the difference . After purchasing those sets , I threw this one away . Now I 'm just waiting for someone to restore Chaplin 's Keystone shorts with Mabel Normand .
 This set is not the Douney autobiography movie . These are actual Chaplin shorts .
 There are two mistakes about this DVD . The English title for this Italian movie should be either Bread , Love and Dreams -LRB- original
 I am still yet to receive these items that I purchased 4 months ago . I 've tried everything to track where they might be but no success !!!
 I could n't . The quality of this DVD is horrible ! It was like watching an old old old VHS tape . I 'm not surprised it was so cheap but I 'm shocked that it was rated 4 and a half stars when I bought it . I was taken for a ride and it was n't on the back of a horse .
 Was not at all what I thought this was ! By the cover you would think this was a movie season that was about horses . This is not a movie !!! It is a dvd that talks about horses and rodeos and such . The reason I thought it was a movie and not a ` talking about rodeos and what horses are best for this type of thing ' was because it said
 These two short tapes consist of a brief description of 50 years of white-red relations , treaties and conflicts . Because of its brevity , there is little detail presented . The text is interesting and appears to be factually correct . The presentation is relatively unbiased , and is quite interesting . It would make a good audio tape . The extra loud background music and simulated battlefield noise sometimes drowns out the text . The visual portion consists of old photographs , presumably authentic in detail and clips from old grade B movies which are quite far from authentic . These are rerun from 6 to 10 times throughout the presentation and , of course , have no bearing on the text . Except for the extreme brevity and the overwhelming background noise , one can ignore the visual effects and derive a worthwhile understanding of many aspects of the period of the Indian Wars .
 do not buy The Great Indian Wars . the same hollywood movie stock played over and over , sometimes without even turning down the borrowed movie 's audio . i could n't concentrate on the narration , and that was a shame because the narration was very well written . the narrator also had a fine voice and read his stuff superbly . i felt sorry for him , being assocaited with something that went so bad through no fault of his own . someone ruined this `` documentary '' with the choice and use of the visual footage.i even tried turning off the picture and listening only to the narration but the silly dialogue and old-western music score made trying to listen only to the narrator sheer torture . i only wish i could have given this film a rating it really deserves . MINUS FIVE ! the fact that they used 2 tapes when the entire length is only 96 minutes proves to me that the intent of the producers was only to flim-flam the public into thinking they were getting a lot for their money .
 This is without a doubt the worst video I have ever watched.The videos picture could not tracted without jumping lines and wiggling screen it was painful for me to watch.The movie itself was out of focus.They used old black and white movies '' indians meet the cavalry '' to illustrate the action and pencil drawings of the indian chiefs while they spoke of them . There was one man speaking with a monotone voice.After five minutes it became very boring to watch.The movie was put together very poorly and hard to watch the pictures had very little contrast , and hard listen to.It was so bad I could ` nt retain any of infomation , my mind kept wandering off . If you enjoy being bored , and having your ears and eyes assulted by this low grade quality picture this movie is for you . Reviewed by Paul Phillips
 was very upset that this DVD did not specify that you could not play it in the United States . Why was it on Amazon , USA . False Will not deal with this vendor ever again and will make sure my friends and colleagues are aware of it . .
 You get the feeling this is an info-mercial for Lullabot . It also reminds me of `` Spinal Tap '' for its glossy , vapid earnestness . I am a neophyte to Drupal and I can say this DVD is a really well produced , completely non-technical , stratospheric look at Drupal . They had a great start , but no practical details . Www.drupaltutorials.org is a much better use of your money and actually shows you where the `` door lock , ignition and gear shifter '' is on the software!What is needed all over the ` net is this kind of a fluent start which ends up as a Richard P. Feynman essay on `` how to do '' . Unfortunately , there is not a teacher like Feynman anywhere in cyberspace that I have found.What is most missing in this introduction is the stark reality that you are on your own , like `` Survivorman '' when it comes to this software . You CAN find out information through forums , Google , etc. . You can also get things done , but it is like teaching yourself Hungarian . Slow going - unless you are Hungarian . These Lullabotians were born on Drupal , wherever that is.So , this is more of the same self-possessed ramblings of narrowly focused technicians who hold our future software in their brains . They are coders , not teachers or visionaries . We need a `` software messiah '' who can tell us what the hell this stuff really does and how we can use it ... Well , anyhow , this ai n't it .
 I bought this video from Lullabot as soon as it was released . I 've managed several Drupal projects and am now diving in to development myself . I was very disappointed , this video has no instructional content whatsoever . It is a very -LRB- very -RRB- high level view of what Drupal is . I give it two stars for good production value , only.I am hoping this is the first in a series of videos that will dive deeper into Drupal .
 I admit I gave up on this movie after about 50 minutes . But up to that point the whole `` comedy '' revolved around Dean Martin bullying and shouting at Jerry Lewis , for no obvious reason . I am a life-long Jerry Lewis fan , I adore many of his movies , but not this one . It is pointless tripe . I never thought I 'd give up on a Jerry Lewis movie , without watching it all the way through . But after 50 minutes , I felt like shouting back at Dean Martin for his odious carry on in this film . Whoever wrote the script does n't know the first thing about humour . What a tedious movie !!!!
 I disliked this DVD because close to the end of the movie it was all defected or scratched up and I did not get to see the end of the movie . I mean it was Jerry Lewis , so I know there were some good laughs at the end . So disappointed .
 Was hoping that this would be an upgrade to the many versions I have bought over the years . Sadly it is not . It is taken from the same horrible print . Decent movie , but baaaaad quality . Let the buyer beware ! This is the item I bought . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005YVX9/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 What Dean & Jerry fan does not know of this movie?My intention is to save those of us collectors time and money.The Good Times Video version appears to have been recorded from a vhs - that was itself recorded from another vhs without Time Base Correction - about 10 times.It 's presented as Academy Standard 1.37:1 -LRB- original film aspect -RRB- Yep - that bad . Perhaps it was better than nothing , but now that something has hit the market , do yourself a favor , skip this version .
 This -LRB- shudder -RRB- Madacy released disc is of the 1950 Martin and Lewis vehicle `` At War With the Army . '' It was their first film together as stars , and was a forgettable , mildly enjoyable little comedy . It was adapted -LRB- and I use that term loosely -RRB- from a stage play , which is kind of obvious considering most of the action takes place in two rooms . It does contain an almost memorable Soda machine gag , along with a truly curious scene of Jerry Lewis dressed as a lady . The most memorable part is probably the shameful song `` The Navy Gets the Gravy -LRB- But the Army Gets the Beans -RRB- '' , sung by Jerry at his most high pitched.The DVD picture is pretty typical of Madacy . It 's scratchy , with poor contrast , and visible compression artifacts . It is , however , easier to make out than a previous video I had bought from Front Row Entertainment . The discs features include a trivia game , a picture of the original poster , newsreels -LRB- not from `` At War With the Army '' -RRB- , and bloopers -LRB- from an Abbott and Costello movie , not from `` At War With the Army . '' -RRB-
 The slow-paced `` At War with the Army '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- was Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis ' first starring feature - a bargain-basement military farce that separates the team for much of its footage . Some nice moments -LRB- the `` Going My Way '' parody remains priceless -RRB- , but not enough to justify the endless 93-minute length . One of the comedy duo 's weakest efforts .
 I was very disappointed with this ... I realize it is a 1950 film , however , the sound and picture were off much if not all of the film . Additionally , it was n't listed as a DVD-R , but is . Wish it had been a better quality production with sound and picture in sync as I really wanted it for my collection .
 I missed a lot of the subcaptions but I think I may have understood the meaning of the file . May like it more in english .
 Boring . What was I expecting ? Something that would give me insight into my own abilities to heal self and others . This did n't do it . Especially since it was n't in English .
 This is totally different from the `` classic albums '' series of DVDs that have come out which I love . This is a `` classic album under review '' which basically has a bunch of fat old guys talking about how great AC/DC is . The clincher for me was the fact that they had an AC/DC tribute band on to play the guitar riffs from this album . A TRIBUTE BAND ?!?!? I 'm sure that was great fun for those guys to do , but I think the people watching would rather see the actual band playing the songs . This DVD went on WAY too long and only had little snippets of the band playing live . Way too much filler for me and not what I thought this DVD was going to be . I do not recommend it .
 I 've had enough of these damn so called `` experts '' on AC/DC saying the same BS over and over and over again . About the only thing I had n't heard before was a part on how there was a war going on at the time they recorded this where they where staying , but where too busy to even notice . And it 's just annoying that they are supposed to be talking about this great album but cant help but throw in a few lines of , `` Brian us s *** compared to Bon '' and how would Bon have done the album and Bon this , Bon that . The fact is , you can say what you want but the album is Brian , so live with it `` experts `` Then there is a few members of Dirty DC playing the songs ... big deal ... I want to see AC/DC do it , not a cover band and there guess ' and opinions.About the only person interviewed on this who knows what he is talking about is the production guy on the album , or whoever he was . He was actually there and has facts to say , not just opinions , guess ' and ideas of what MIGHT have been.Don ' t waste your time on this , these experts are idiots and do n't tell you anything new . It 's just so dumb that they release themselves on one DVD saying how bad Brian is and wishing Bon was still around , then they come out on this saying it 's the greatest album of all time.I 've had enough of these things . If it does n't have AC/DC members talking about it -LRB- and that does not include past members -RRB- then do n't bother with it . And this one does not have a single member of AC/DC to be heard . Just half a live song . They could n't even let you watch the whole thing.What makes these people `` experts '' ? They wrote a book on them ? Asked someone who knows AC/DC ? Have any of them actually met any of them and gotten a straight answer out of AC/DC ? Usually AC/DC respond with jokes ... for example , it 's mentioned in this that Brian was asked what `` Giving The Dog A Bone '' was about and he replied , `` it 's about cats and dogs '' because he loves animals ... and the guy says he does n't think so . Well , DUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! Brian was joking when he said that , did Brian have to make that clearer ? What the heck do you think the songs about ? It does n't take a genius to work out the obvious . Brian was taking the p *** out the person who asked that question cause it 's too obvious what it 's about and Brian gave a better answer by joking then just saying , `` it 's about sex dummy `` experts , uh huh , sure . Hope they do n't get paid for doing these things .
 We know Back in Black was one of the best albums in history ... do we really need some `` experts '' to tell us this ?? I 'm a big AC/DC fan I would not buy this ...
 So they release a DVD to say how good `` Back in Black '' is -LRB- as if we needed to be remembered of that ... -RRB- and they put a photo at the front cover with SIMON WRIGHT in the line-up , instead of Phil Rudd ! Wright joined the band THREE YEARS after the recording of `` Back in Black '' . This fact alone is a very good omen of the real intentions of this product
 If you 're getting this DVD for the trains like i was do n't bother unless you 're looking for 2 Thomas trains . You 're not going to get Donald like the picture shows .
 While I 'm fully willing to give a movie a decent amount of `` suspension of disbelief '' , there 's just too much in this movie that made me raise an eyebrow at it . The film has a certain amount of charm , but it is quickly bogged down by weak storytelling & unbelievable plot points.Dim Sum Funeral surrounds a group of siblings who must return home after the death of their mother - someone that they all detested . Their mother had requested a traditional Chinese funeral , which is supposed to take place over several days . As the days pass the siblings discover that there was more to their mother than they 'd previously believed & they also find their own personal affairs beginning to surface as well.The idea of the movie was good , I 'll give them that . Funeral traditions from different countries have always intrigued me , so I would have thought that I 'd like this more . About 20-40 minutes into the movie , I knew that this was just disappointing . From the beginning we 're shown how incredibly different all of the siblings are , however it just felt like the writers tried to hard to give each person a tragic and/or unique personality . There 's just too much going on from each sibling & it was n't handled very well . You have a lesbian trying to get herself -LRB- or her girlfriend -RRB- pregnant , a philandering doctor , an older sibling dealing with the death of her child , as well as a younger sibling who is in for a startling surprise about herself . Better films have dealt with similar situations & managed to juggle all of the multiple plot lines , but in this film they dropped the ball & made for a cluttered plot line.Then there 's the unrealistic parts of the film . I apologize if this comes across a little spoilerish , but I found it incredibly unrealistic that all of the siblings dealt with their issues during the 4-5 day period as well as managing to forgive their mother for any past actions . As one person put it - really ? Death solves all of the emotional problems ? I also found it unbelievable that with all of the emphasis on sibling rivalries , that everyone put their issues aside so quickly . Then there 's the ending ... I wo n't elaborate on what happens , but needless to say - both my mother & I audibly groaned at the twist.This is a mostly harmless movie & there are one or two interesting things , but this is n't something I 'd really recommend spending money on . * Maybe * a rental , but if you can catch this on TV for free then that 's what I 'd recommend .
 Seeing this on the heels of `` Okuribito '' -LRB- Departures -RRB- was a study in contrasts . Both involved coping with death , but the similarities ended there . While `` Okuribito '' was well-written , acted , and filmed with an involving story and likable characters , `` Dim Sum Funeral '' was a complete turn-off . A controlling first-generation Chinese-American woman died and requested that her dysfunctional , self-absorbed children give her a traditional Chinese funeral . They were so Americanized it took the help of their Jewish nanny / mother 's - assistant to fill them in on protocol . The story contained so many twists and complications in the characters ' lives that it appeared to be a formulaic exercise in seeing how many problems and how much diversity could be crammed into a 11/2 hour film . Ordinary Asian Americans did n't bring enough to the table , so how about making one sibling an illegitimate dope-smoking surly lesbian who wanted a baby , another an over-eating single mother , another the model daughter who recently lost her son , and another a philandering , self-loathing , rich cosmetic surgeon married to a beauty queen?At least Chang Tseng 's character provided some relief by being pleasantly funny in a sea of mean-spiritedness . Perhaps because his character was n't part of the family , he did not contract their self-centered angst.Apparently the writers thought selfishness was a virtue . A Buddhist monk experienced a spiritual `` epiphany '' from his conversations with the rebellious lesbian couple . And what was his enlightenment ? He learned that it is better to live for oneself instead of to please other people . Yes , folks , narcissism lies within the veil of Nirvana . `` Okuribito '' showed how a film can do a lot with a little . `` Dim Sum Funeral '' showed that a film can do little with far too much .
 This is the worst film I have ever seen made by and about Chinese Americans . It may be of interest to people of mixed Asian ancestry since most of the cast is of mixed race . The premise may have been taken from an episode of ... Little House on the Prairie -LRB- ! -RRB- wherein Charles helps a woman fake her own funeral to bring her `` distant '' kids home to see her .
 I rented this thinking it would be an interesting subject on American-Chinese tradition here in the U.S. . But I was wrong , it was a total disappointment . The story and its sub-plots are too contrived . The script is very formulaic ; even adding a twist at the ending was typical and intentional - just so for audiences who likes a twist in their movies . Any viewer would n't get involved watching this film . Basically this is about a group Chinese-American siblings who has hang-ups with themselves and among each others . Set in the affluent neighborhood of San Francisco , it portrays an embarrassingly rich family by showing the amenities of the matriarch 's sprawling extravagant house . Tennis , a dip in the pool , jacuzzi anyone ? Jeez ! I would n't recommend this movie to anyone .
 I 've been studying South Asia so I thought I 'd watch some movies by people in the region . The movies arrived quickly but the sound quality is terrible and the DVDs themselves skip and get stuck on my computer , my parents ' DVD player , and every other DVD player you put them on . The movies themselves have great storylines and music , but the DVDs are really poor quality .
 In the past , our family has purchased three videos from this series and LOVED THEM ! This DVD advertised SIX segments on its cover and on Amazon 's advertising , but only three interrupted segments were on the disc we received . In the end , the contexts for the stories are missing and so is one title of each segment pair intended to support the educational message . Has anyone else had this problem or do we have defective discs ? We are returning ours to Amazon ASAP . and hope to get corrected discs .
 There are only 8 out of about 24 episodes from the Baking With Julia series on the DVD . Amazon would not guarantee me a full refund if I returned it since I took off the plastic.Even though I had not viewed it . I did n't notice that it was only 8 episodes till after a tore the plastic off and looked at the back of the dvd . Definitely is not work the money .
 I have read all of the reviews and see Julia Child , but for the love of what she has presented to everybody through generations of reading and viewing but not just that , also , ... LIVING Julia . Sadly , I see how all her work and what she has done for so many generations including this latest teenage plus generation of 2011 even , I have noticed being grabbed at their culinary heart strings , being DUPED into media , in it 's various forms simply not presenting her full shows . I do not submit in any way , nor at all , that I at 44 , know much about Julia , but what I have studied thus far , has not presented her eloquence and pure desire for what she came to fall so terribly much in love with after all , in any degree of respect . Now come let us think about this say ... looking at something like even , should I dare to say , but eh , it gives a somewhat idea does n't it ? . . dare I ... well okay , Wikipedia : '' Tv Shows -LRB- which let us hope , should be presented as box sets for the FULL tally of shows in each show category , WITHOUT ANY SORT OF ADVERT INCLUDED NOW COME ON PEOPLE ! -RRB- Here goes ... The French Chef -LRB- 1963-1973 -RRB- Julia Child & Company -LRB- 1978-1979 -RRB- Julia Child & More Company -LRB- 1980-1982 -RRB- Dinner at Julia 's -LRB- 1983-1985 -RRB- The Way To Cook -LRB- 1989 -RRB- six one-hour videocassettesA Birthday Party for Julia Child
 I received this DVD in a well packed box with another item . The other item was in perfect condition . However , this DVD 's case was broken in several -LRB- at least 4 -RRB- places . As I said , the box was well packed and insulated . The DVD had obviously been sent in the damaged state it was received in . Most disturbing is the fact that the damage to the DVD case was so OBVIOUS . Pieces are broken off inside the celephane wrapping that you can see and , when you pick it up , you can not miss feeling them.The DVD itself skips in several places.Unacceptable and unethical behavior on the part of the sender . They had to have known they were sending me a severely damaged DVD case . It had to have been damaged at the time they packed it in the box.As a result , I was not able to give it as a gift as planned .
 Baking With Julia is an AMAZING Book.It is an exceptionally well written resource that is an accurate reflection of the PBS televised series of same name.When I stumbled onto the option to order a DVD -LSB- suposedly of the full series -RSB- on the book 's writter , Dorie Greenspan I ordered it immediately !! Well , the DVD arrived today and it is only a minute fraction -LSB- i.e. , only 8 shows from this far more extensive series -RSB- selection of the books recipes . What a misleading dissapointment - as I expected when I place the order for this dvd that it reflected the full series ... nothing in the product description indicated otherewise.Would I still purchase it if I knew up front that it was not the full series ... probably yes ... because I love Julia as well as the series and the book.However , the nature of this post is `` Buyer beware ''
 The shows -LRB- and Julia -RRB- are great . 5 stars for them but the disk was defective from the manufacturer and would not play segment 2 -LRB- Decorative Loaves -RRB- . First disk would freeze up and shut down the entire disk -LRB- as if stop button were pressed -RRB- . Exchanged it and had the same problem with the second one . These shows deserve a much better presentation than this manufacturer was willing to give it . Great show , but lousy DVD mastering job .
 The title of this video mentions Argentine Tango . Unfortunately , what is being taught on this tape is not authentic Argentine Tango . Not even close . It 's ballroom tango . There is a huge difference
 This version of tango is not argentine . It is ballroom latin american whatever you call it . Very misleading to call it argentine tango . But if you like ballroom dancing , maybe this video is for you .
 This video is fine for ballroom dancers , but it has nothing to do with the authentic Argentine Tango . Even ballroom dancing has now a separate category for Argentine Tango . Unfortunately , this video is not that . That 's why , I rate it at 1 .
 The price is too high for a VHS tape . Also , the title is misleadig , as Latin dancing has nothing in common with Argentine Tango . If you are NOT interested in authentic Tango Argentino , and do n't mind paying the high price for ballroom instruction on tape , then this video is for you .
 this video has a lot of dances for learning but each dance has only 3 steps so dont expect so much from this teaching video . if you want more than 3 steps then buy videos exclusively for a particular dance . this video will just wet your appetite but will not fill your hunger . also , the background setting of this video is very dark as if you are inside a dark night club so you can not see the footsteps of the teachers because both of them were wearing black pants that blend with the dark background , terrible ! plus the teachers teach from the side of the camera and sometimes facing the camera . this is not the ideal way to teach dance in a video . the teachers should be back to the camera so you can follow their footwork . for the money they charge for this video is not worth it .
 There are a few things I did n't like about the tape . Firstly , the price is too high . Secondly tape is inconvenient for a spoiled by technology user . It 's much easier to work with DVDs and their menus . And lastly , I realized that I 'd rather spend 70 dollars on 4 monthly group lessons and learn basic steps and routines of one dance then try to master all by myself while watching a tape .
 I ordered it new and it came in in an already opened case and it was fairly poor condition I had to tape it for it to stay together ... enough said
 This DVD Trilogy box contains the two-disc editions of SM 1 & 2 and the single-disc edition of Spidey 3 . However , 1 and 3 are available separately in 3-disc sets , and I 'd be surprised if 2 was n't given the 3-disc treatment right before Christmas . So , when the 3-disc editions of all 3 movies are available in one box -LRB- think Ultimate Matrix Collection -RRB- , then that will be the one to buy . This box can be skipped .
 Personally I would NOT buy the trilogy because spiderman 3 was horrible , 1 & 2 where great though . 3 not so good !
 Great picture quality , cool , and Blu-Ray is the premier format for all of its seamless feature interaction , and high storage capacity for more bonus material ... . except Spider-man 1 and 2 have no special features -LRB- aside from the 2.1 stuff -RRB- . Great use of space , thanks for all those perks , BR.So , I have to wonder , is it really worth the $ 70 to pick this up again ?
 why am I being asked to review a product I did n't purchase . Need to fix the system or allow me to delete the request .
 Spider-Man 1 & 2 Does not include any of the amazing behind the scenes content originally released on the DVDs . Why would a studio release two extraordinary FX films of this magnitude and incredible production values on a format that can hold so much information , and fail to include the extras ? If you 're a fan of behind the scenes content , hold onto your DVDs.Movie - A + . Blu-Ray value for Spider-Man 1 & 2 - FAIL .
 Good fun movies and nice compilation but ... Spiderman 2 and 3 do not offer any audio or subtitles in spanish . If like myself you need them , then do n't buy this version . Look for each one individually for a version that has at least subtitles .
 I received my `` new '' product a few days ago but it was n't in brand new conditions . The box had been worn around the edges and you can tell it had been rewrapped in a different plastic cover . When I pay extra money for a brand new item I expect it to be exactly that .
 I agree the comment from reviewer GWIRTH `` ginnyww '' . Somehow these Sipderman blu-rays are not norm . They can only play on PS3 . No luck with Samsung blu-ray players , not work with Sony blu-ray players either . Manufacturer needs to check what 's going on . I also checked two sets of Sipderman blu-rays , one set from Fry 's electronics , another set from Amazon , same problem , so that is not random disc defects .
 The movies do not play in my xbox 360 console , which is my only source of a DVD player . i would appreciate a full refund considering i had to wait over 3 weeks just to get the DVDs that do n't work .
 I bought this item because on Amazon I could see AUDIO
 We have ordered this DVD set 2 times and we have had to send it back each time . We also bought a set a SAMS CLUB today and it does n't work either . Yes , we tried to play all 3 discs and in every DVD player in the house . We LOVE the movies and wanted to share the fun with our son who is now so disappointed . Save your receipt !
 I bought this set for my husband and brother for Christmas last year then we ended up buying a different set for the movie cash for the new movie . I went to sell this set at used movie retailer and they informed me it was from overseas and possibly a bootleg . WATCH OUT !!!!!!!!
 Lets state the obvious - Andrew Garfield in The Amazing Spider-Man is light years ahead of Toby McGuyre . Toby is nerdy and homely to the point of neurosis . Andrew 's Spidey is bookish , but also skateboards in his high school 's halls . Agressive , bold and self-assured . Taller , leaner , way better looking ; Andrew 's reboot of the franchise makes these 3 earlier McGuyre Spider-Man films suffer by comparison
 Amazingly silly dance routines . Baaaad acting . Lame , lame , lame story -LRB- I particularly love how the meteorite happens to land right next Peter and Mary Jane while making-out on a giant self-made web -RRB- . And all for a mere $ 60 retail . Thank god for Amazon ! If you 're into this sort of thing that is . Do n't let the effects dazzel your brain , this is truely one of the worst comic book movies , yet . And it 's Spiderman , how can you screw that up .
 I like the movies and I want to add this trilogy to my DVD collection . However , this set is not a collection boxset that I am looking for . They are 3 separate spiderman movies in their own packages , and bundled together in a newly design cardboard box and called them `` Trilogy '' . The worst is that they are the unsold inventory which they applied white stickers to cover the barcode in the back of each box . I felt cheated by Sony Pictures . They should have done a better job by creating a real boxset in a nice package with some additional materials.If you are looking for a nice collection boxset , please skip this set .
 After I purchased these movies , I did not watch them right away . Once i did watch them I found out that they all skip badly . Unfortunately it was already passed the return date policy .
 Received DVD 's with no issue . The problem was that they were formatted for a region other than the United States . This is strange to be due to the fact that they were shipped from an American address to an American address . Amazon refunded my money with no issue .
 Felt like a cheap knockoff . Definitely works well for people that just want the movies but no money or effort was spent on the container .
 I ca n't rate this item because I have not received it . I have had this problem when I tried to order the toy story pack of one and two .
 The musical performances here are quite dull . There is nothing wrong about them except that the musicians seem to be simply doing their job and nothing else . If I had paid good money for this concert in person , I would have been highly disappointed . The video quality is even worse . The DVD is cheap but not cheap enough to justify its purchase .
 This series of DVDs offers some fine performances along with a great deal of annoyance . The top menu offers no access points to most of the listed repertory . Tried on several different machines the problem is persistant . At least the price is reasonable if you do n't mind fast forwarding through all tracks to get to the later pieces .
 I bought this DVD for the Mozart Symphony # 35 . However , it is very difficult to access the work . I finally figured out that the only way to do it is to fast forward through the final movement of the Lebrun Concerto . This problem was in evidence on several different DVD players one of which can track DVDs with any region code . There are some wonderful performances on this series . Too bad the engineering is so poor .
 the movie was so blurry you could hardly see it , it wasnt verygood thank you carol meeks
 < strong > The Man from Utah < / strong > -LRB- Robert N. Bradbury , 1935 -RRB- One of the many , many two-reel westerns Robert N. Bradbury directed for Lone Star Pictures featuring a young John Wayne , a young Yakima Canutt , and Gabby Hayes , who was never young . I 've watched quite a few of these over the past few years , and I often refrain from reviewing them -LRB- I review all features , but very few shorts , and my personal line for that division is sixty minutes -RRB- , but this one being of average quality , I figured I 'd use it as an indicator for much of the batch -LRB- and for the pictures Wayne and various other members of this band of merry men were also making for Republic Pictures at the same time -RRB- . The plot is pretty generic , as far as John Wayne Lone Star westerns are concerned
 You know a documentary is not off to a promising start when the narrator repeatedly mispronounces the name of the subject of the documentary . -LRB- Lewis Carroll 's real name , Dodgson , was pronounced with a silent `` g ''
 The information was worthwhile , but I found this video to be blah and boring . If you are going to bother to make a documentary at least make it somewhat entertaining ! Add some interesting visuals and use a narrator that catches your attention . Read a book on this subject and by-pass this DVD .
 This is by far the worst movie in black cinema . Take everything you liked about `` Friday '' , `` Booty Call '' and `` CB4 '' , leave them out of this movie and this is what you get . 90 minutes of -LSB- stuff -RSB- . It is low budget beyond low budget , and you get a headache from listing to fake , incoherent characters who look like they were picked off the street of some ghetto . And those who like to see booty-there is basically none , just one scene which lasts about 15 seconds and features a silent , unattractive `` dancer '' . . If you are a fan of these movies , rent it first , you 'll see . If you buy it , you will find a movie devoid of beautifull black women and good looking guys , but which is filled with stupid humor and a story which will put you to sleep .
 I must admit , it was terrible . I hate to admit i liked it . I guess it was so STUPID , you could n't help it .
 This movie is bad , Bad , BAD ! Makes Rudy Ray Moore look like Fellini!Essentially , this is the crude `` story '' of a college football player who goes down to Daytona with his friends for Black Spring break and hopes to sing with the pros . Problem is
 Had family over and we thought it might be a `` cute '' movie . But it turned out to be unbearably bad . Cheezy with bad acting . Could n't watch after 20 mins .
 This is about the trials and tribulations of a multigenerational family.We found it disengaging and rather tedious . It went on and on without getting far at the beginning and we started skipping scenes to see if it picked up . In the end we abandoned it.I 'd hoped for more from a movie with Saif Ali Khan , Salman Khan & Karisma Kapoor but this was 1999 and I guess it was n't among their better stuff . The music and dance was ho-hum and unmemorable too.Elsewhere on the Net it scores average . However it was below average for us and not a keeper .
 The Triangle.Tommy Devane -LRB- Dan Cortese -RRB- is having the same nightmares as Charlotte Duval -LRB- Olivia d'Abo -RRB- , a woman he 's yet to meet . This is never a good thing . Stu Sheridan -LRB- Luke Perry -RRB- is having money problems but does n't let that stop him from going on a fishing vacation with his best buds and the girlfriend no one expected him to bring . Also , not a good thing . The third bud in this triangle is Gus Gruber -LRB- David Hewlett -RRB- , a man obsessed with the Bermuda Triangle . He has heart issues and routinely pops pills for this condition . Obviously , a very bad thing . With little money amongst them , they are forced to hire a crappy boat skippered by Captain Louis Morgan -LRB- Dorian Harewood -RRB- . His first mate is the aforementioned Charlotte of the dreams . If this connection is supposed to be spooky or unsettling , it does n't work . Neither does the voodoo ceremony that takes place -LRB- but did n't take place ? -RRB- and does n't really have anything to do with the matter at hand
 This is already my favorite movie for at least ten years , from the first time I saw it . It is a movie about an unsettled men who lives life lightly , but is also in love . Slowly he is adapting to a life with only one woman , the one he loves . The very romantic and chalenging movie is set in Chechie around 1965 somewhere .
 It is extremely meandering and never seems to end . It 's all about atmosphere and erotic cool and Prague , etc. , but at some point a car chase would really liven things up . How about some more nipples ? Throw a pie in Juliet Binoche 's face ? Anything ! Just stop wandering around , muttering to yourself like a half-wit . Perhaps I do n't get it , but I do n't get syphillis either and I 'm the better for it . Where 's your witty rejoinder to that ?! A real test of patience , this film .
 `` The Unbearable Boredom of Watching . '' That 's what this movie should have been titled . It is a long , relentless , punishingly dull movie following the lives of three people intertwined by a common relationship with each other . Two of them , Tomas and his mistress , Sabina , are talented yet shallow hedonists who seem to have no interest in pursuing anything greater or more meaningful than sexual gratification . Tomas ' young wife , Tereza , is a sad , pathetic , naive woman who is devoted to her husband despite her knowledge of his ongoing affair with Sabina . The story takes place in the 1960 's era of Communist oppression in Czechoslovakia.After spending about 3 hours watching this movie , one comes away struggling to find some meaning in it all . There were opportunities to make an interesting movie -- the tension between the women who share a common lover , the impact of Communist oppression on the lives of Tomas and his wife are but two examples -- but the writers and director chose an incredibly boring and meaningless path instead . There are several episodes of gratuitous sex , nudity , and a lengthy homoerotic scene between Sabina and Tereza that add nothing to the meaning , quality , or entertainment of this movie.I can really find no reason to recommend this movie . If you are looking for a love story or a fascinating tale about interesting people and their lives , you will be sorely disappointed . Only someone who can find meaning watching the clothes dryer at a laundromat would find this movie interesting .
 I have no idea how I was talked into watching this movie . I totally believe this was a waste of good film-and a lot of it . A young Daniel Day Lewis with a hipper Fonz impersonation and a whiney Juliette Binoche . Only Lena Olin was worth watching , but not for any depth or anything . This film actually made a communist invasion dull . I absolutely did n't care for this couple . Below par acting , horrible direction , terrible editing , annoying soundtrack and dialogue so bad I think someone should take away the screenwriter 's guild card . Do n't waste your time on this one .
 One of the most overrated movies ever . It is extremely meandering and never seems to end . People like this flik because it 's all about atmosphere and erotic cool and Prague , etc. . As a movie it 's really lousy , there 's no real point to it except to stay within this hip , tense , minimalistic-european world for as long as possible . I kept thinking - `` oh , that 's the end '' and it would keep going . I 'd think `` oh , ok , this is the end '' , and it would keep going . When the end finally came I thanked God it was over because it was really painful to sit through . This movie is all about style * as * substance , it 's very shallow and I imagine enjoyable only if you 're willing to accept this type of movie as shallow entertainment and nothing more . It 's not a shoot-em-up action movie , but it 's about as deep as one and you probably need to be in that mind-set to like it . Personally I like my dramas a little bit deeper . I guess this is a good movie to point to as proof you dig deep movies or something , as this is accepted as a deep movie , but I 'm telling you , it 's about as deep as spilt milk .
 This movie is the lamest peice of pseudo-intellectual crap I have ever seen . It is painfully self-serious and a major bore . This is porn for those who would never confess that they watch porn . If you want to see a good movie about human relations , go get `` Besieged '' by Bertolucci .
 This movie is about nothing but nudity and sex scenes ! In the first hour or so there is hardly any dialogue ... just a nude scene after another . The only main dailogue is `` Take off your cloth . '' And personally I do n't consider this as a dialogue either.I did n't see the love story in this movie ... no honest expressions . Just a man who lives a play boy life . I found this movie very boring and I even had to forward many of the sex scenes that I could n't stand any further!Maybe if this movie had a dialogue , it would have made sense ! Maybe if it was shorter ! Maybe if there was less sex scenese ! Maybe if there was a better -LRB- senseful -RRB- ending . . !
 I did n't too sure about this . It was on special movie channel so I gave it a listen . All that happened were people in not many clothes -LRB- was the movie at the Beach ?? -RRB- looking sad most times . Also there was a hat . While I watched all I kept thinking was about other things like drinking water that were more exciting . I notice near the ending that the man in the movie was the angry man from the gangrene movie - I almost lost him because he was so different ! In the other movie he was mean ; here he was just bored or looked like he was looking at something very far aways . He did n't talk much but was a doctor so I guess he is smart . There is a car crash in the snow near the end , but I do n't think that was a learning part . The movie is like watching the home films from vacations when you are at boring cousin house , or shows on the public channels . Drink water for more fun - or watch with pillows !!! One sleepy star this time ! -LRB- wait
 Kundera 's novel The Unbearable Lightness of Being is absolutely amazing , and this film falls so far short of it . Despite my almost-immediate dislike of the film , I actually stuck it out and watched the entire thing -LRB- hoping that Daniel Day-Lewis could somehow salvage it or that the film might actually express some idea from Kundera 's book -RRB- . But I was sorely disappointed.But please read Kundera 's novel , because it is wonderful . I ca n't help but think that Kundera was referring to this film when he wrote in his later novel Immortality
 I am sorry , but I just ca n't agree with the reviewers who praise this piece of work . It was so boring that I had it running while I did other things around the house -LRB- that was after I actually watched the first 80 minutes -RRB- . I guess I just do n't relate to guys who are constantly `` bedding '' every girl that walks past them . Where is the art ? The depth ? The complexity ? Sorry , it was lost on me . I totally agree with the reviewer who said it was about two sad-looking people . I mean the guys is a heel . What happened to being faithfull . Ok , I know its Prague and 1968 and the whole Russian-thing , but come on - the historical backdrop was handled way too superficially . Where is the depth ? Lewis is a fine actor , but the material is not the most exciting or throught-provoking . There , I 've shot my wad and now I am gon na list the movie for sale for someone who can appreciate it more than me . Bye .
 This is written by a 43 year old male who is a true film fanatic . I love all the great directors - Spielberg , Hitchcock , Wilder , Kubrick , Landis , Scorsese , etc. etc. `` The Unbearable Lightness of Being '' was one , if not the most tedious films , I have ever had to endure . Why is it so talked about is beyond me unless , there is nothing definable to discuss . The scenery was bland , dialogue uninteresting and unengaging , even the shots were dull.It 's the first film I ever returned to Amazon ... ever.When I took Cinema History in College , the Professors I had kept talking about this film as a `` must see / will change your life '' sort of thing . Curious , as we never saw it in class -LRB- must have been the explicit erotic nature it has at times -RRB- . Now I think they wanted the girls in the class to see it on their own , because they may have wanted to discuss it with them personally after the class was dismissed , if you catch my drift.I would pass on this one-big time .
 The movie was fine to watch but it was so different from the book . I told my father all about the book so he decided to rent the movie from the library and watch it with me . Big mistake . In the film the sex scenes came off as standard sex scenes . In the book there is a strong focus on the involved parties thoughts and motivations . Void of philosophy and psychology .
 The Unbearable Lightness of Being was considered an unfilmable novel for a good reason
 The movie does n't at all reflect the original book story in its core concept . If I did n't read the book before I would n't be able to guess what is the movie trying to explain . I doubt anybody , based on the movie only , would be able to understand what happend in 1968 in the Czech republic and what was the consequence for the entire society .
 Making my comparison to Milan Kundera 's book , I have to rate this movie fairly low . I do n't believe Kaufman was able to capture the essence of Kundera 's writing with this film representation . So much of Kundera 's writing is internal to the characters , which is difficult -LRB- at best -RRB- to communicate on screen . Unfortunately , this is the richest part of the experience ; I recommend the book , but found the movie decidedly unsatisfying .
 This is well acted , beautifully filmed ... and pretentious exitentialist tripe . There 's a difference between TRYING to be deep and serious , and being deep and serious . This movie does n't know the difference . Long and slow .
 Daniel Day Lewis as a Prague doctor , hoping for a little afternoon pleasure while on a medical trip , hits upon and scores with Juliette Binoche , but drives off , rudely , in his sports car , when his afternoon delight reveals she lives with her mother . End of story , until she shows up at his door in Prague to continue the conversation . Great opening , but soon I could n't help but wonder why these two oddball Berlin Wall era ambiguous revolutionaries are so madly in love with each other . We are told that repeatedly , and a marriage union locks the deal , but they seem about as chemically inclined towards one another as a bland peanut butter and jelly sandwich ; there for the sake of being . But they are , apparently , the Scarlet and Rhett of the fall of The Soviet Empire , helplessly involved in a Cold War deadlock with Russians who are revealed as typically sitting at a long table in a bar , kicking back vodkas , and behaving like Boris and Natasha from The Bullwinkle cartoons . Come on , really ? Lena Olin 's nude exhibition with a tophat was a pretentious symbol of democratic freedom , and the potboiler romance and revolution is forever on a low simmer , when it needs to be boiling over . If the film would have stopped when Juliette Binoche shows up unexpectedly at Daniel Day Lewis 's door , and they made wild rebellious graphic sex defying all conventions for the duration of the film , -LRB- no top hats please , that is SO Al Pacino ` Cruising ' -RRB- , this cold war would n't have been so frigid .
 Okay , folks . Let 's get real . This movie/book is essentially about the insipid sexuality of three spoiled brats with soulful eyes , zero body fat , and no moral compasses . Worst of all , there 's no search for the compasses . Why is this exhibition of unbridled existential selfishness so popular ? Because the protagonists are European-and `` misunderstood '' quasi-intellectuals to boot . Translation
 Basically , it goes like this , Eastern European intellects survive by being in constant angst and having lots of sex . At the end , of what seems frigging hours and hours of self-loathing , when they finally find happiness , they all die in a truck accident .
 ... This movie does n't have much . Let 's see ... it has what is probably the cutest baby pig you 'll see in a movie . And Juliette Binoche and Lena Olin are very pleasant to look at ... not so the rest of the film , however . Its title is pretentious and essentially empty , and thus an excellent match for the movie , but if I were to name it a little more honestly , a better variation on the theme would be `` The Unbearable Self-Importance of Being ... Philip Kaufman '' . Nothing seemingly happens or is displayed for much rhyme or reason , but then how could it ... that would defeat the purpose . The characters are hateful and frankly rather ridiculous -LRB- unintentionally , to be sure -RRB- . When I 'm in the mood for a caricature of a womanizer , I 'll fire up a Happy Days episode or two and watch the Fonz go at it in style , thanks . And as much as I like Lena Olin and Daniel Day-Lewis -LRB- though I certainly would n't , if I were judging them on the basis of this movie alone -RRB- , their performances are extremely over-rated and surprisingly sub-par , and the horribly mangled accents are distracting . Juliette Binoche is the only one , in my opinion , deserving of praise for her performance -LRB- her accent also notwithstanding , mind you -RRB- . If you like the female human body , you 'll enjoy this film for its visceral qualities in that respect ... they are certainly very nice . As for the film itself , if you like low-IQ artsy stylism like cactii as phallic symbols , incohesive dialog , and morally bankrupt parodies of characters that make decisions and live their life as if it really were a film -LRB- ie . a couple of hours long and with an audience -RRB- , then you may well enjoy it as much as the ranks of lemmings who extoll this pretentious waste of celluloid 's virtues and do the majority of intelligence-burdened film buyers a disservice . As for the DVD itself , it comes with no extras , the picture quality is poor and the sound is only available in Dolby 2.0 , not 5.1 . , so it comes up short technically as well . My two cents
 After the problems with the Hrabal text in I served the King of England -LRB- see my review -RRB- , Kundera suffers a similar fate . Lets start with quoting the beginning of the Wikipedia review , which sets the scene as follows
 This is essentially a live action G.I. Joe film for people with IQ 's below 85 . I walked out after about 5-10 minutes . I changed the ticket over to Jackass 2 and laughed harder than I have in years during a movie .
 Three or four years back , I wrote a screenplay about a Marine who comes back from IRAQ . He is struggling to adapt to civilian life and hold onto his relationship with his wife when she is abducted in a bank robbery.As his life crumbles and the police seem less interested in recovering his wife , he goes the vigilante route , tracking , interrogating and diving into dangerous situations , ultimately leading him to Las Vegas where he uncovers a large scale plot that is bigger than he or anyone could ever imagine.Other than the fact that my script is more complex and has better dialogue , the biggest difference between my script and THE MARINE is that the lead character in my script is REAL . A real , flesh and blood , human being Marine with vulnerabilities , emotions and he actually bleeds . He 's a real person , like somebody you might know from your town who went to Iraq.While THE MARINE 'S John Triton -LRB- John Cena -RRB- is bulletproof , explosion proof , dives through walls unscratched , hangs onto semi-trucks while it drives through buildings and despite the bombardment of boards , pipes and tin sheets , he rolls off and groans before jumping up and kicking more butt . Not to mention , I do n't think a scene goes by that he does n't remind everybody that he 's a Marine and it 's the only thing he knows . By the way , the tin sheets would have severed him , easily.Oh , and of course the name Triton is appropriate to refer to John Cena as a Greek God or the largest moon of Neptune.Ridiculous is an understatement . This movie insults our intelligence with a symplistic , unrealistic , poorly written story . Deplorable acting from all involved . Was this movie trying to be a comedy ? The jewl thieves are idiots and are more concerned with trying to be comedic than to try to come up with a plan to escape.The real shame is that my script is pretty well useless now . The creators of this movie make dozens of references to my script in the early goings and now my script is old news . Unfortunately , hollywood big wigs have put their MONEY behind THE MARINE , a silly , poorly written , poorly thought out , poorly acted piece of junk.You need more than dozens of unrealistic and over-the-top explosions to grab this reviewer . Unfortunately , I have a brain , and I need more from my action movie than this stupid movie that has absolutely nothing in it that is memorable or meritable .
 If you are looking for a movie with bad acting-cliche lines-and never gon na happen action sequences this is the movie for you ! Otherwise , I would n't even waste a Netflix rental on it .
 I must admit I saw this upon its theatrical release late last year and I was pissed off upon walking out the theater at the fact that I spent 7.50 for something I could 've waited for on DVD . The action is great for any fan of many explosions , unrealistic fights and over the top car chases -LRB- exactly how many times can you shoot a car with automatic weapons and it still drives as if it just came straight off the lot ? -RRB- ... however the acting was poor by practically everyone ... nothing convincing at all . I was actually ashamed of screen veteran Robert Patrick 's performance ... silly punchlines and almost a robotic performance . WWE wrestler John Cena 's performance looks as if it was painfully rehearsed one too many times ... even the exotic Kelly Carlson 's -LRB- who had probably every man in the theater wanting her to go to her NipTuck ways of nakedness or sexy lingerie ... sorry fellas no such luck -RRB- portayal of Kate Triton -LRB- John 's fiance -RRB- leaves her acting abilities a little less desirable . Even the supporting cast of almost relative unknowns ... except for Morgan -LRB- Anthony Ray Parker , who many may remember played Dozer in the Matrix -RRB- however his bad punchlines , uneven temper and constant `` black man plight '' rants couldnt give CPR to a movie that began drowning from the opening credits . I ca n't remember the last time I scored something this low but it had to be done for the sake of the action/adventure genre ... 1 and a half stars .
 As soon as this movie started and I saw `` WWE '' on my TV screen I said `` This is gon na suck . '' And it did n't disappoint . This movie sucked ! Bad ! It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . The story did n't make a lick of sense . You got these bad guys who kidnap a random woman whose husband turns out to be Rambo . The marine chases after these guys , killing them one by one . You 'd think they 'd just give him back his wife . She means nothing to them . Give her back and they can go on with their criminal business . But no . They hold on to her.The marine runs/jumps in slow motion away from explosions at least 4 times in this movie . This movie is filled with every single action movie clich&eacute; and it did n't thrill in the slightest . It was n't even bad enough to be good . It was just bad . It stunk .
 Do not bother ! Cena does not have the potential of the Rock or even Kane for that matter . They are just trying to make more money off of the uneducated wrestling fan !
 For Cena 's first movie , it was okay . Lot 's of explosives but I really would n't recommend the movie . Some okay jokes , and the story line was kind of weak . Typical ransom , give me back my wife type of movie . I recommend that you wait till the movie comes on television , and then decide if you want to buy it or not .
 This film is complete and total garbage i mean its really bad . John plays a Marine who gets kicked out of the Corps after defying orders to save the lives of some Marines . I wont even get into that rats nest of crap . So he is discharged from the Marines and is trying to start working a civilian job . While on a road trip with his wife some people who robbed a jewelery store and happened to stop at the same gas station end up kidnapping his wife and begins his outrageously stupid and ill scripted pursuit . Fact is John was able to track his targets through the marsh and swamp while quite often they were on a road . The thought process that i have would be is that they could take any back road/dirt road or anything that connect to the main road they would be gone and he would be heading in the completely wrong direction . However somehow he is always able to find the bad guys . My biggest complain is that it is a movie about a Marine and he never really uses a gun , he takes them and never uses them . I think the person who wrote it does n't realize that every Marine is a rifleman and i can not think of one who would n't use a gun to protect his wife . This movie is your standard WWE/WWF film that solves everything with hand to hand combat scenes . I mean come on if i would of wanted to watch a fighting movie then that is what i would 've bought . However i bought a movie titled MARINE i fully expect there to be FIREFIGHTS and shooting . That is what really irritates me along with the pathetic acting is that it does n't make sense . Marines are trained to use guns but this guy does n't seem to use them even when his wife is in danger.I 'm not really sure i can convey to you how bad this movie is.It would be a good film for people who prefer hand to hand combat and like movies with really bad acting and holes in the plot so big you can drive a semi truck threw them.This movie starts out bad and just gets worse and worse.Horrible Movie 1/5 stars .
 I gave this movie a chance because Robert Patrick was in it . He could n't give it any justice at all . The action was over the top and unrealistic . The criminals were all cliched especially the African-American criminal . -LRB- Do n't know why they always have to make African-American characters have a smart mouth , it 's too stereotypical -RRB- John Cena ca n't act his way out of a paper bag and he 's too damn bulky with his cucumber fingers . The car chase scene with all them bullets hitting the car and Cena is still driving and able to avoid every single bullet . He 's hit with multiple objects but still no mark on him . The wife gets knocked the hell out so many times but no bruise on her at all . This movie was ridiculous do n't waste your time unless you 're a Cena mark .
 Now The Marine does n't try to be a good movie , it lets you know right from the beginning what it is going to be . A huge muscleman marine is told to wait for the rest of the soldiers on a mission . He says `` not enough time '' and charges in to blow things up . Next scene he is being discharged and has to go find a job as a security guard . This is all in the first 2 minutes of the movie . The thing that really bothered me about the movie was that everything that went on really had no point and did not make a difference later in the film . That is n't the only thing they were n't able to complete , not by a long shot . The bad guys have this big black guy on their side and he is not unfunny , they just do n't give him anything funny to say . I seriously think that he did n't complete a single joke . In fact , the liquid metal guy from Terminator 2 stars as the main bad guy and they even throw in a reference to that and it was the only joke they actually completed . I thought that it was the least bad part of the movie.Now the reason I went to see this was becasue I was told it had great fights . The shootouts were nice to look at and the explosions became so repetitious I almost fell asleep , but the fights were once again just the same old I hit you and then you hit me style . The best fight of the movie included 2 characters who were never explained and this scene could have been from entirely different film for all I know . So if you are looking for the worst big budget movie of the year , then check this out .
 You really have to give it up to wrestling promoter Vince McMahon . He has failed miserably with the WBF , XFL and programs on MTV & he could n't sell a quality meal in New York City . So Vince now tries that magic business touch in the film industry . Huh?It appears that Vince has just a little jealousy towards `` The Rock , '' Dwayne Johnson , and his great success making movies to the point where he does n't need to do any bumps for the WWE and the McMahon family . Granted , Vince receives a nice sum of cash for Johnson 's wrestling moniker to be used for movies , but that just is n't enough.And where Johnson has long-since passed up the 1980s-styled superhero genre , here comes Vince lumbering along in his powerwalk with his answer to The Rock , John Cena . Yes , that John Cena who was going to be a hip-hop star ; until he proved that he has no hip and zero hop in his mic skills.But have a script comparable with Sylvester Stallone 's ridiculous Rambo character - with Cena 's mannerisms that could be termed as the nephew to the fictional tough-guy - blow all kinds of things up and Vince is in business . Hardly.The first weekend in theaters , October 13-15 , 2006 , The Marine did a tepid $ 7 million in box office sales and then sank faster than a pay-per-view main event featuring Fit Finlay.Cena plays his WWE role well , but he is n't a real actor . Vince is a wrestling promoter who has failed each time he has stepped outside the family business . The Marine was produced 20-plus years too late to have anyone but the biggest WWE Cena fans taking time to see it in theaters.And Vince better keep that cozy economic reality in mind for the next flick .
 John Cena is perfect as the former marine who goes on a rampage to rescue his wife from killers . The movie moves fast and its slick production and sets adds to the visual eye candy.My only beef is with the WWF empire that produces these Wrestler-turned-Action Star movies . The WWF gave us Stone Cold Steve Austin in THE CONDEMNED which was fun and Austin was great . But like THE MARINE , we see almost zero of the world famous torsoes of these super heroes . In THE CONDEMEND , Austin never takes off his shirt for one scene . And he has a body to die for . in THE MARINE , you 've got about l5 seconds where we see Cena without his shirt and his body is amazing . But after that , he 's fully covered . The reason I worship these wrestling super stars is because they 're so damned good looking and they do n't mind strutting their stuff in a pair of speedoes . One can only hope that the next WWF action thriller will give us a super star wrestler who exhibits his chest -- like Schwartzenneger , Stallone , Von Damm -- and give us fans something to thrill to .
 ` The Marine ' has an instant appeal . While not innovative , it sports some eye-popping pyrotechnics and chase scenes that do n't give the audience a chance to catch its breath . John Cena fans will likely be enthralled , especially since his character acquires some boxing and martial arts abilities to add to his wrestling repertoire . -LRB- Nine lives do n't hurt , either . -RRB- Even the threads and riveting music draw our attention ; both a modest update to ` Miami Vice , ' -LRB- the TV series -RRB- . Seeming random at first , John Tritan -LRB- Cena -RRB- gets established as a sort of Iraq War Rambo whose prowess will undoubtedly help him save his domestic life . Coming home , he finds his new job as a security guard dull , even if it gets him on the eleven o'clock news and another chance to come home to Kay -LRB- Kelly Carlson -RRB- , his pretty young wife . The plot is simple
 ... is a lie and the truth is n't in them !! This movie was awful . From begining to end . Even the title did n't match . Marine ? He was a Marine for all of 5 minutes of the movie !! LOL . But that is n't the worse part.The acting was terrible . Even the good actors -LRB- Robert Patrick -RRB- played terrible roles . The plot was unbelieveable , the action was unbelieveable , and the comedy was corny . I think the problem was the script itself , but I think GOOD ACTING could have pulled it off.As always I encourage people to see it , but do n't spend your money on it . It 's garbage .
 I really wanted to like this movie , honest I did . It 's got all of my requirements
 this movie is an awful movie . the acting is horrible and the actors try to hard to try and be funny which just makes the movie painful . the main character , played by john cena , seems to have animal like reflexes and instincts , seeming to be able to track the bad guys down by stupid things like sniffing the air and following non-existent clues . Im not going to go into every stupid part of this movie , but ill just say its EXTREMELY unrealistic . its so bad , i think a 5 year old can point out the ridiculous things john cena `` can '' do . for example , hes able to practically fly and jump onto a moving truck from standing on the ground . he is also able to survive being inside a building that blows up and looks as though the atom bomb was dropped on it , yet somehow he still is alive . also , i might be crazy , but im pretty sure if you were holding onto a truck and being rammed through a building at fast speeds , you wouldnt live . also , not many people i know can run through walls and not be hurt . speaking of not being hurt , there is an instance in the movie while inside a burning building , john cena is hit by falling , burning wood and is unaffected . this movie is awful and i would recommend if your looking for an action movie , to look somewhere else . i cant believe people actually buy this movie and can watch it without wanting to cry .
 At least once a year , along comes a film that 's so wrapped up in hype and promises of greatness that you know it ca n't be as good as its makers would want you to believe . The distinctive model of this for 2006 was `` The Marine '' , the second feature of the newly-founded WWE Films , starring ex world champion John Cena . To state plainly , this is one godawful movie
 Oh boy , it seems we have a wannabe Rambo in the house ! Seriously this is one of those movies that you got ta watch to laugh at . The movie does have a lot of action scenes , stuff blowing up , people dodging bullets . and none of them are realistic . The good thing this movie boosts is that it does n't take itself seriously . It has a few of lame one liners , it even breaks the third wall in one sceneThe movie tells the story of a recently discharged marine ; he arrives home to begin a new life with his wife . They decide to take a road trip , have a good time together , but his wife gets kidnapped oh noo ! Yeah so now Mr. Marine must save her . In the process he beats a lot of bad guys . Anyway it 's an okay movie to watch when there 's nothing on the teliMY PERSONAL RATING
 Thank god I borrowed this movie from my roommate . I doubt I would have ever even rented it if I was back in the states -LRB- I 'm in Iraq right now -RRB- . This is going to be a short review for a pretty bad movie.Before you read my review , please take not that I 'm an action movie fan . Whether it 's a good one with a pretty decent plot or a fun one where you can drink and laugh to it with its whack out plot and crazy actions scenes . This movie just fell short of anything fun or good.The beginning intro with Cena rescuing some marine buddies was action packed but choreographed horribly . It looked incredibly fake . My hopes for a decent movie faded quickly.One of the cooler parts of the movie was a bank heist that was led by Rome -LRB- Robert Patrick better known as T1000 from T2 -RRB- . If it was n't for the horrible direction and script , Patrick would 've pulled this character off in a very cool way . This scene gave me hope for an ok movie to maybe get a little drunk to and laugh at the over the top action scenes.Then comes the kidnapping . It felt like 40 minutes of the movie we watched Cena run and jump through the woods trying to rescue his girl from the bad guys . Pretty annoying.Then we see the bad guys take refuge in an abandoned bar in the middle of a swamp that the police were JUST in . Honestly I believe there would 've been cops that would 've stayed there JUST in case this exact scenario would have happened ... but whatever ... I dont expect common sense to happen in action movies ... especially bad ones like this . So we have Cena taking out bad guy after bad guy here till the oh so predictable twist of the movie happens.If you like explosions , trust me about this , you 'll see massive ones every 25 minutes of the movie it seems like.Also Kate -LRB- Kelly Carlson from Nip/Tuck -RRB- played a pretty good part for such a bad role . What really makes me irritated about her part though was that she gave the bad guys SUCH hell that there is no way they would n't have just killed her to get rid of the crap she was putting them through . Like I said earlier , I dont mind cheese in bad action movies , but this was just driving me nuts.I gave it 2 stars mainly for Robert Patrick . Like I said earlier , he played his part as well as he could for the craptastic script . I would love to see him with a similar role in a movie that 's in better hands .
 When I went to this movie , I was hoping for something decent . But instead I found out that it was the worst action movie that I 've ever seen . I 'm a fan of the WWE , but I know that the wresters ca n't act to save thier lives . But I went to see this movie , because I was hoping that it would make me change my mind . But it did n't , there was only one good scene in the movie and that was the very first 5 minutes . John Cena 's character in Iraq showed how brave our troops truly are , even though he went in guns ablazing . I love action movies , I love the testaterone pumping flicks like Terminator 2 , Predator , and Casino Royale . But this movie did n't get me excited , in fact , it made me laugh . By the end of the movie my sides hurt from laughing so hard . John Cena is about as good of an actor as he is in the ring . His character survives around 6 or 7 massive explosions without a scratch . I do n't mind when an action flick has scenes that ca n't happen in real life , but this was overkill . The only reason I gave this move 2 out of 5 stars instead of 1 , was because of it 's portrayal of how brave our troops are over in Iraq . When I went to go see it with my friend , he and I were probably the only people without Cena shirts on , so if you 're a fan of Cena , then you 'll love this movie . I for one ca n't beleive how crappy of a movie it was . Do n't waste your money on this , go buy a copy of Terminator 2 , you 'll thank me .
 Keep your hands of this movie , it definitley aint worth watching.The story is thinner than a crack ho on her last day on earth , unvoluntarily ridiculous and so placatively wanna-be-patriotic that homeland security shines outta your butt when ya bother watching this crappy movie.One of the worst movies i ve seen in years .
 I did not like it very much ... bought it because of the fact that my son went to high school with him and thought it would be nice to have . It was not as much action as I thought it would be ... a little dull ... but not bad for his first ... know he will get better as the `` Rock '' did !!!
 For the first half hour of this movie the viewer may get the idea that the script Michelle Gallagher and Alan B. McElroy is just awful -LRB- with good perception ! -RRB- , but as the film 's story evolves the idea that this may just be a National Lampoon parody of action flicks - and if that is the case , it is truly a funny bit of entertainment - for a while . Then it becomes obvious that the minimal storyline -LRB- ex-Marine 's wife is abducted by diamond thieves and Marine elects to leave his one day ` security job ' and take the initiative to capture his wife and strike down the bad guys in the swamps of North Carolina -RRB- is really just a matrix for staging as many pyrotechniques explosions as possible . It does get tedious.The ` star ' of this noisy , ` Unrated-for-destructive-violence ' film is one John Cena , another wrestler from WWE -LRB- World Wrestling Entertainment -RRB- being promoted by the director John Bonito to follow the path of The Rock
 first the acting was so so so bad the movie , this is what i have to say ? but they get E for effort .
 Patrick was the only real enjoyable part of this whole movie , and he kept it entertaining , which is the only reason I could think of anyone -LRB- who 's not a kid or a Cena fan -RRB- wanting to see this movie . The movie pretty much portrays Cena in the action film genre as the WWE portrays him as a WWE superstar , invincible , unbeatable , and never get 's injured . The way bullets and explosions always seem to miss him make it seem like John Woo films -LRB- such as Hard Boiled -RRB- are realistic enough to be documentaries . The 2 scenes I can easily point out as examples include when Cena is driving a car at the car the villians are driving , and 2 or 3 villians are unloading magazine after magazine rounds at the ` front ' of the car , shattering the window , destroying the hood , and yet not one even scratches Cena who does n't even try to dodge most of them -LRB- there 's one part where he tries to put up a bullet proof vest , but that only lasts for a couple seconds , and you mine as well forget it ever happened when compared to the rest of the scene -RRB- . Then the part at the end fight -LRB- with Patrick -RRB- where Cena takes a sledgehammer to the gut at a full force impact , then continues the fight 15 seconds later like nothing happened.The movie is good as a one time popcorn flick with a few buddies , but even then it would still not be enjoyable since , like in 9 out of 10 Cena matches in the WWE , Cena wins , and the opponent -LRB- s -RRB- people are really cheering for and who are overall better than Cena -LRB- in this case , Patrick has better charisma and acting skills -RRB- lose.See it if you want , but I would put it on the ` pass ' list . There are worse movies than this .
 Lots of action , but totally unbelievable , just like watching wrestling . Amusing enough to watch but not to own .
 this movie stinks i hate this movie and this movie has ripped off rambo yes this movie ripped off rambo this movie stinks the director the producers the actors and actresses all stink !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is easily one of the worst movies ever made !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I gave this movie 1 star for only one reason Kelly Carlson is beautiful , other than that the movie goes as follows , marine gets dishonorably discharged and seems to be ok with it , wife gets kidnaped , he gets beat up , knocked out several times , gets burned , blown up , by the most overdone explosions and walks away without a scratch , this movie is pure hollywood , it was a waste of money and time , you really have to wonder if the producers ever spent any time in the military , I have never met a marine worth his salt that had to go telling everyone -LRB- Im a marine -RRB- , every soldier I have ever known that talks like that was always in some bar fight or some other altercation with someone , It was a laughably stupid movie
 Hey Im open to wrestlers acting in movies . The Rock is doing it , Hogan did it for a bit . I did enjoy wwe 's other movies but this ... this was just plain bad . Cena has to be one of the worst actors to ever get a starring role in a movie released in theaters . Attack of the show 's Chris Gore put it at best when he said that they tried to hide the bad acting with a bunch of explosion and action . The storyline itself was bad because well it has already been done a million times before . A guy 's girlfriend/wife is kidnapped and he tries to get her back . WWE could have easily found someone better . Skip this movie . In fact do someone a favor , buy the dvd and destroy it so no one would have to witness this horrible movie . I would give it a 0 if I could . Nothing about this movie is good
 If you overlook the fact that they use a Army cover -LRB- hat -RRB- instead of a Marine one , and you over look that the Officer salutes and enlisted man first and not the correct way , which is the other way around , and if you over look the unbelievable plot , and you overlook the poor acting , and you over look the over the top explosions and seemingly bullet proof cop car -LRB- except when it flying through the air upside down -RRB- , and you over look the campy dialog , and you overlook the super human aspect of a number of the characters like being beat mercilessly with a steel pole and they can still save the day nearly unfettered and if you over look all of that and so much more you 'll have an enjoyable film.It is your by the book , boy loves girl , girl gets in danger , boy saves girl , they live happily ever after with overly excessive explosions and no surprises , no intrigue , predictable from the opening scene to the last one type of low grade movie . If none of these little quirks and so many more do not bother you , then you might enjoy this . It is at best a ` rent it ' and not a ` buy it ' if you must see it , you have to see it . But if you opt to skip it , you 're not missing much in the least . I give it 2 stars and I 'm being kind .
 john cena has to be the worst actor in history , wiht corny quote and stare one after another , it just shows how fargone the world of film has become , i honestly cant belive how people can pay for this . not only is john cena annoying his acting is unbearable , its worse then wacthing george bush 's innauguration ... dont buy it , your waisting your money , its a joke , i honestly dont get how someone could watch him unless ypu think he attractive , which unless you like people who act what their not , then he 's ur type john cena is the worst thing to happen to wrestling
 You know those movies from back in the day that you thought were great , but you watch them now and think they are the worst movies ever made ? This movie could certainly fit the later , but whether you think it is any good in the first place remains to be seen . The quality of this movie , or lack thereof as the case may be , is evidenced in the filming sequence -LRB- you 've seen it a 100 times before in every B movie that has come before it -RRB- and the dialog -LRB- painful -RRB- of the opening scene . There is no plot nor dialog to be had in this movie.This movie is about WWE style action and John Cena . Some good points , the death of Angela was a fun scene , as well as John 's police car going over the cliff . That sequence was excellent , but of course the 5 minutes that preceded that of the police car getting shot up , was way over the top and beyond belief . I hope they were just making fun of bad action films , but I think they were actually just being one . There are a couple of other so unbelievable scenes that I was actually left feeling the director could care less about the intelligence level of his adult audience.So , I really can not recommend this movie , and thought it bad enough to write a review . If you are a fan of WWE and John Cena and want to see action no more believable as what you might see on Smackdown , you may very well like this movie . There is nothing wrong with that if that is your bag , and the 16 year old WWE fan I took seemed to like it . But if you expect to get more for your money , then I recommend passing on this one.I did want to add a few comments . First , I seem to have hit a nerve with some fans . Sorry . That is my honest review . Do n't smack-me-down because I really hated this movie that you may have liked . As I said , it may very well be likable by some people , as it was by the 16 year old I took to see it . Heck , I actually enjoyed Paris Hilton 's one hit wonder , but I 'm honest enough to know that many people think even less of her then I did of this movie . All the more power to them , as long at they are honest in their review . So give me a break on that please . I did also want to add one thing I liked about this movie , which is at least it was cheaper to take my fiance and her son to see it , then it was to pay for one pay per view smackdown .
 This is a typical action film with lots of fight scenes and gun fights but little logic . It 's amazing that hundreds of bullets can be fired at point blank range with no one getting hit and people getting hit in the face with fire extinguishers , pieces of wood and other objects without so much as a scratch . And then there are people surviving incredible explosions , again without getting so much as a hangnail . The directors attempt at moments of humor failed miserably . They were not only not funny but were very wierd to me.I enjoy watching John Cena in action , just as Arnold Schwarzenegger was fun to watch , but this movie just did n't impress me anymore than wrestling does . I think one star out of five was being too generous .
 This movie had bad acting and a thin plot . Could have been much better . Lots of action , lots of explosions but did n't seem like a good Blu-ray quality movie . It killed 2 hours but nothing i would recommend to a friend to watch .
 If the cover for this low-brow action piece was n't a hint , then you 're probably one of the producers target audience . One of the things I think hurts hollywood is its irrepressible desire to shove the American flag down our throats by making these `` patriotic '' movies . We have the American flag , Iraq , marines ... and wrestling !!! I guess if cow-tipping is a hobby you enjoy as much as practicing a suplex , then this movie is for you.As for a review , it stank . If you see it on the shelf of your local video store , leave it there.If you 're a hollywood producer , please stop making movies starring wrestling `` stars '' . If your name is Hulk Hogan , Steve Austin , John Cena -LRB- The Rock is OK -RRB- please stick to your day jobs .
 THE MARINE proves yet again that an action movie needs to have the focus on the hero and his motivation . When a film like this one has some truly outstanding fiery explosions to maintain a viewer 's interest , that attention span will last only for as long as do the FX , and even with that there are diminishing returns . John Cena , the WWE wrestler , is John Triton , an ex-Marine discharged from the Corps only because he disobeyed orders to save the lives of three fellow marines . You would think his commanding officer would have understood . He takes a job as a security officer and gets fired immediately , again for just doing his job . The primary problem with THE MARINE is the expectation that one has in terms of why one sees this film . I choose to see action movies that have a hard to achieve balance between the exploits of the action star and the believability of the plot . Stallone had no problem doing that in any of his RAMBO films . Cena has a long way to go to find this happy medium.Robert Patrick is the Bad Guy . He mugs , makes unwelcome advances to Cena 's wife , and generally conducts a criminal campaign on the fly . You know that an action film is off kilter when the Bad Guy by default becomes the focus of interest . Cena does little more than take beatings , give beatings , narrowly escape death in fiery car crashes , and scowl on cue . If Cena has a future in acting , that future is probably in the ring as a wrestler .
 Welcome to the world of The Marine where John Cena unconvincingly plays a discharged marine who 's wife is kidnapped by a bunch of ignoble diamond thieves . Welcome to the world of The Marine where our `` hero '' escapes death by fire not once , not twice but three times ! Welcome to the world of The Marine where a woman can come between a hairsbreadth of escaping the clutches of the bumbling idiots who hold her captive AND STILL GETS CAUGHT ! Welcome to the world of The Marine where men take punches that would knock Suge Knight out -LRB- what , too soon ? -RRB- Welcome to the world of The Marine where stereotypical black men run around saying cliches like yep , you guessed it , `` why it always got ta be a brother ? '' . Welcome to the world of The Marine where bad guys could n't hit the broadside of a barnyard with semi-automatic weapons . Welcome to the world of The Marine where our `` hero '' can get shot at and not get hit . Welcome to the world of The Marine where monosyllabic hillbillies with an irrational fear of cops reside in the bayou . Welcome to the World of The Marine where a women can get submerged under water for seven minutes and STILL LIVE ! Welcome the the world of The Marine where cheesy one-liners run wild and a distinguished actor like Robert Patrick is at his worst . You get the drift.The plot is weak , the action scenes are a joke and John Cena should n't be within a 3000 mile radius of a camera -LRB- he looks so constipated -RRB- . This is the type of movie that The Last Action Hero made fun of . Ridiculous action scenes that defy all logic and the corny one-liners spouted in this movie makes the one-liners in Batman and Robin seem hip . Dont waste precious time on this movie . We 're talking 92 minutes of pain and suffering . Your eyeballs will roll out of you head because you rolled your eyes so much at the sheer absurdity of this schlocky action flick . John Cena is right when he says that nobody cant see him . Nobody cant see him being a good actor after seeing unfunny action flick . Malibu 's Most Unwanted should stick to wrestling . This is the worst WWE film ever made point blank period .
 Might actually watch this if Cena was n't in it , if his acting is any worse than his wrestling persona this will be his last movie . * Update : Marine II will star Ted Dibease HAHAHAHAHAHAH LOL !!!! pathetic .
 This movie is almost a joke . The beginning starts off quite nicely with our `` Marine '' taking down 9 terrorist with a machine gun and hand-to-hand combat , without even being touched . The problem is later in the movie our same `` Marine '' is knocked down with a fire extinguisher , a branch , and a bar . Apparently terrorists trained in the military with machine guns are much less capable than a man with a fire extinguisher.Second , the `` Marine '' was knocked unconscious by both the fire extinguisher and tree branch yet being punched hard multiple times tied to a chair , he is left un-phased . Third , our `` Marine '' seems to get punched a lot for being such a skilled fighter . Even going up against hill billies he gets thrown through a table . Which also shows hill billies are skilled in hand to hand combat , a reality this movie taught me.Fourth , no one seems to care that our well respected `` Marine '' leaves a wounded cop unattended and steals a cop car . Throughout the movie he causes hundreds of thousands of dollars of damage without being reprimanded.Fifth , a good portion of the movie consist of our `` Marine '' following people through the woods . That 's it ... . Wow ... . Exciting ... Sixth , our marine jumps out of a flaming car over the edge of a cliff . 10 minutes later he is walking on land . Apparently it is left to our imagination how marines can fly.Seventh , When our `` Marine '' gives CPR its just pathetic . It looks funny to begin with because John Cena 's arms are as big as his wifes body , but its even worse because he does n't do CPR right to begin with.I 'll be fair , there were good fight scenes . There was a girl-girl fight scene -LRB- which lasted about 1 minute -RRB- though it was much more entertaining than the WWE girl-girl `` matches '' . This movie was not action packed , it had action , but was not action packed .
 This movie was a joke , a bad actor , and a bad story , makes it look like the Marine Corp gung ho killers .
 it 's funny how stereotypes can either make or break a movie . this was an aweful attempt to sell something that it was n't . John Cena might be able to act , but he got completely shot down in this one from the horrible directing and script , as well as the terribly bad acting from the supporting cast except maybe from the sarcastic guy from Terminator 2 . I had an unbelievably hard time trying to get passed the self-stereotyping done by the bad guys . it was like they were trying to get the audience to hate the fact that they were even casted into the movie . This is one movie i would n't recommend to anyone except the extreme fans of the WWE , or maybe the little kids who believe the storylines in wrestling are actually real drama.one fine point that i thought was extremely humorous about the movie . How is it that you can drive a camero -LRB- or whatever the cop car was -RRB- at top speeds with a million and one bullet holes in it and not either a -RRB- blow up , b -RRB- blow a tire , c -RRB- just die or d -RRB- not allow the driver to get hit from any of the million and one bullets?i certainly hope this movie was supposed to be strictly a comedy because if it was n't , the director should be shot and left in the car that mysteriously did n't blow up .
 This movie was not meant to be taken seriously ... I think what they tried to do here is re-live the 80 's action flick experience . If you watch this movie you are falsly lead to believe that you can be blown up and still survive , take a fire extinguisher to the face and get right back up , and can be shot at 100 's of times and not take a hit . The dialouge is silly , however , the acting is pretty good . Sit back and enjoy/laugh .
 As an ex-marine I can tell you that the only shred of realism in this thing was the marine being punished for doing well . He can afford a nice house and a new Lincoln Navigator on peon pay . He chases his wifes kidnappers thru a construction zone at 100 MPH , endangering everybody instead of just laying back and using the radio to tell the cops where to put a roadblock . He gets hit in the head with enough stuff to start a junkyard but never shows a mark , gets blown up at least twice without being even singed . The HiPo Camaro takes dozens of hits but they all miss the radiator , tires , electrical and fuel system . Not for anybody older than 10 . It did have nice explosions , though .
 This by far the worst movie that I have ever paid to see at a theatre . That is not to say that it would n't make a good rental ; where through multiple viewers you could knock the viewing price down to 15 cents a person , but then that would still be too much to pay for this movie . WWE Entertainment should stick to what it does best - wrestling events where the story line is better inside the squared circle . Outside of a Terminator reference made to Robert Patrick , this is a total waste of 91 minutes of your life .
 This movie really is a complete stinkpot.The acting is horrible , the action is way too over the top and unbeleivable , and the comedy is way too stupid and cheesy . First off the movie gets started in a crazy action scene/war flashback . No story what so ever . The car chase scene is so full of it , a car gets shot with a high powered rifle like 500 times and is still driving around . Even the twist at the end was completely easy to figure out . Please avoid this reeking exploding crock of ...
 I watched this movie for some sign of a redeeming quality ; and found none . The acting was terrible , the action scenes were dramatically staged and unrealistic , no plot , and they did n't even try to make it humorous . If you watch the special features , they beat the living daylights out of the main character who got injured numerous times during the creation . I felt bad for him because he was really trying . If they had a halfway decent director or photographer , they could have used this guy 's effort and hard work to make a good movie . If you want to watch a good B action movie , rent Equilibrium or Dark City . Skip this one .
 I really hope the American Military did n't support this movie considering how things are going over there in order to recruit more bodies . If so that was a poor attempt . After watching this movie it left me quite speechless . War is entirely different , and should not be made glamorous for recruiting purposes . `` The Marine '' is a very simple film with a few minor twists here and there . In the tradition of The Rock , John Cena has begun a movie career after gaining notoriety as a wrestler . Both wrestlers/actors are muscle bound former college football players . Whereas The Rock has now proven he can act in a variety of roles , Cena has just proven that he can do action . His role in `` The Marine '' is evidence that he may very well be successful in films , but he will need to find better material than this . The directing here is nothing special , but seeing this is John Bonito 's first feature , I have nothing to support my cause as I have nothing more to base it on , but he is able to deliver a film that is very easy and even if Bonito got a little explosion happy . The plot however , is pointless . Throughout this movie these imbecile thieves call attention to themselves every chance they get . After robbing a jewelry store , they do n't just stroll away as no one outside knows what they did . They blow up a cop car . Why ? I have no idea . One member of the group is prone to telling sad stories of his youth . Too often the camera lingers on the bad guys and then quickly gives us a shot of Cena running . Sure , Patrick is a bigger movie star than Cena , but this is Cena 's movie . I really did not care about the bad guys other than how Cena is going to kick their -LSB- ... -RSB- . I will say that Cena has the build and look of an action hero in the grain of Jean-Claude Van Damme . He fits right in with the ` unstoppable 80 's action hero mold . ' He is 90 % muscle and 10 % charm . He has few lines of dialogue but does well enough with what he has . Robert Patrick hammed it up , but seemed to relish playing a wise-cracking psychotic murderer . No one else is worth mentioning , as it seems paychecks were just collected . Cena , who is also a rapper , had also been wearing military attire at his matches . No doubt he is doing so for publicity sake of this movie , which celebrates Marines as heroes which is great but nothing he can do is going to generate enough interest to make `` The Marine '' a success .
 ... really quite staggeringly , breathtakingly bad - unless you 're particularly fond of big explosions , that is , in which case you 'll absolutely love it . If you do n't , prepare for a totally ridiculous tale woodenly acted without much conviction . Not even Robert Patrick 's nasty chief villain can save this monumental turkey . It has but one good moment , when a minor baddie , seeing the chasing ex-Marine , says , `` He 's like a Terminator '' , and gets an annoyed glance from Patrick , who played the liquid metal Terminator in `` Terminator II '' .
 This is the first time that I 've ever felt so compelled to write a review for a movie I thought was horrible . But this movie is that bad.I ca n't believe someone actually enjoyed this.The one liners , and that whole rock candy thing ??? What was that all about ? Was that supposed to be funny?Who wrote this anyway ? He should be tried in a criminal court for waisting my money and my time.The acting was also some of the worst I 've seen . I will never be able to watch Terminator 2 again.Oh , the explosions were impressive . Maybe if you took away everything but the explosions it would n't be too bad.Thanks . I feel a little `` dumber '' for having sat through the whole thing .
 `` The Marine '' reminds me of the old-fashioned action films made in the 1980s like Arnold Schwarzenegger 's `` Commando . '' If you remember this film , our hero is a retired elite commando , single-handedly saves the kidnapped daughter , and kills all the bad guys . The story is incredible , I know , but fun nonetheless.In `` The Marine '' WWE 's John Cena plays that hero John Triton , a marine discharged for disobeying the direct orders . The difference here is that the hero has to rescue his wife kidnapped by the diamond robbers and the gangs ' leader is played by Robert Patrick . And watching `` Commando '' is more fun.Frankly I do n't care the wooden acting of the cast and the predicable -LRB- and unrealistic -RRB- story as long as the film provides good actions . Actually I found John Cena is not that bad as critics say , and Kelly Carlson as his wife did a fine job . Also `` The Marine '' has one car chases with good stunt and one funny one-liner about Robert Patrick 's career making role.But things start to look silly when these actions are drawn-out . There are scenes big explosions , but they only help lower the film 's tension as the poorly-written storyline and choppy editing make it clear that none of these poses a danger to the protagonist who can easily survive and go to the next set-piece . Moreover , it 's not exciting to see the baddies fighting among them more then once . It 's not thrilling to watch them trudging through thick mud of the swamp , either . `` The Marine '' is an old-school action film that needs someone capable of handling the materials -LRB- themselves not bad -RRB- in a much better form .
 I have to say this movie is beyond ridiculous ! When watching an action movie like this , one should have an open mind and realize that this is a fatasy world , but ... `` The Marine '' is summed up in one sentence in the film . As one character says to Robert Patrick 's character -LRB- who starred in T2 Terminator 2 -RRB- and says this guy is like the Terminator ! ... That was the funniest line in the movie , but this guy is n't the Terminator and he escapes too many sure deaths for me to take this movie any more serious than an old Looney Tune cartoon ! The acting is terrible and the characters are not intersting ... in short ... this movie SUX !
 Is this an exercise video ? It moves too slowly with too many breaks to give a decent workout to the intermediate bellydancer.Is this a dance instruction video ? It assumes you already know a good bit about bellydance , and leaves the beginner to improvise too much.The only part I found helpful , as the previous regular user of several other bellydance videos , was the veil and finger cymbal portion . I 'm thinking of buying some finger cymbals now !
 I am a first-timer and it can be rather intimidating to admit for an older woman in her mid-forties ! I wanted a video that was decent , and this one surely is . Atea 's moves were clear and it helped me to get a good start , but I quickly became bored with it because it lacked FLOW , and I was disappointed that the moves that she so clearly shows do not connect together to form a dance routine . This is what I am looking for . For a beginner to be expected to make a dance out of a bunch of new moves is unrealistic , and I will continue to look for a video that will offer this . If I am to dance like this in front of my husband , -LRB- which is mainly why I am learning -RRB- I would not be able to show him a routine by learning this video because I am a beginner and do n't know how to put the moves together yet . The whole idea is BellyDANCE , and not just Belly EXERCISE , and with the CONFIDENCE I need to dance this way !
 I was very dissapointed with the quality of this video . During the entire video , you could see the woman reading the cards behind the camera . The ladies did not teach any moves that you could not just make up on your own .
 I take group bellydance classes and have been to seminars and workshops . This is bellydance but only the very simplest form . Atea is ok and this is a good tape to start with if you are not sure how serious you are about learning . It introduces you to things like veil and zills but it does not instruct you on them . If you are sure you want to dance you should shop around spend just a little more money getting a tape from someone/troup that dances a style you are interested in and has a well known face and name . For example Fat Chance Bellydance for American Tribal style or Aisha Ali for African dance or someone well known for Egyptian or Turkish Caberet . If this is a serious investment for you-get a good tape , beginner or otherwise if you search around you will find several .
 I really wanted to like this video . I TRIED to like this video , tried to keep in mind that it was filmed in the mid-80 's , but I just ca n't help feeling disappointed . What I spent on this tape could have paid for 2 weeks of classes , which would have done me more good . Specifically
 This video is fairly scary , especially if it is your introduction to bellydance . I went on a shopping binge and bought 6 bellydance videos and this was the most dissapointing . The ad boast all the costume changes , but since this was filmed in the ' 80 's , we are talking Jane Fonda meets Pat Benetar with Green eyeshadow . The video covers alot of ground , but the flow is all wrong if you want to learn to bellydance . The warm-up is 3 bellydancers stretching freestyle , with no instruction whatsoever , with a voice over stating that you should warm-up . The different instructions -LRB- about 5 minutes -RRB- are followed by a performance -LRB- about 5 minutes -RRB- that breaks the flow of a workout , or simply trying to learn something . The performances are not a guided routine or combining the moves you just learned , but a performance . In the veil section , she does n't even break down the moves , but has different dancers doing demonstrations . I would have given it only one star , but the opening is a history of bellydance that is quite interesting . The video comes off as an overview of bellydance more than an instructional video . My favorites of the videos I bought were The Sensual Workout and The Goddess Workout .
 If you 're looking for a video to workout along with , this is probably not going to be what you 're looking for . If you 're looking to learn a few moves , you might pick up a few . Atea is extremely stiff through the entire video , and sometimes looks unbalanced . You ca n't see hers or the dancers ' legs much of the time sometimes due to camera angles , mostly due to costuming , so you 're not always sure you 're executing the move correctly if you do n't already know what you 're doing . At the end of every section Atea and the other 2 dancers behind her simply `` improv '' a little dance using the moves taught . You ca n't see what everyone is doing through the `` improv '' sections so it 's not like you could pick one dancer and imitate her , so you will have to do your own thing , fast forward through it , or improv yourself . I do n't think most beginners want to make things up as they go along after only 5 minutes of being shown 3 moves . The section on veil work does n't tell you much of anything at all , it just shows you different women dancing and spinning . For a beginner who does n't know how to execute a turn without making herself dizzy , following what the dancers do could wind up with a really nice concussion , but not much learning.Out of 10 videos in my bellydance library , this one is the absolute worst . I recommend anyone else 's over this .
 Beginners who would like a quick view into some dance might take advantage of this video . There is an attempt to cover a lot of ground , but none of it is done well . Altea is too angular , stilted and her dancing is not that interesting . I would strongly recommend looking elsewhere for quality dance instruction videos . I will say that this is the first video that I 've seen that touches on rhythm and zill work . The variety in costume is interesting , but is not worth the price . I recently acquired several of the Neena and Veena series of dance tapes . These are excellent beginner tapes , they are fun and interesting and they show a great little dance at the end as a reward for your work-out . This series would be a better choice for beginners .
 I 'm sorry , but these are horrible for teaching belly dance . Atea is very stiff & stilted & her chorus dancers CAN NOT dance ! It is absolutely Scary!I have never seen anyone -LRB- in person or in a video -RRB- dance the way that they do in this video . If you are interested in learning to dance , please , choose another instructor !
 Reasons not to buy this video :1 . She reads from cue cards the entire time .2 . She 's extremely stiff and boring.I have only watched this video once in the two years that I have owned it .
 I have always wanted to bellydance and got this as my first video . It was not at all what I had imagined and quite frankly scared me . Bellydancers were always something mysterious and beautiful and graceful . Atea is awkward to watch and comes off quite bizarre . Not anything to want to imitate and strive to be like .
 If you are looking for a tape to dance `` with '' , this is n't it.It 's more like a documentary on dance .
 While the basic instruction is passable , the technique of most of the dancers , including the instructor , is mediocre to poor . What 's truly terrifying is how frail and anorexic most of these women look . There 's an unfortunate sort of L.A. starved-skinny bleached-blonde airheadedness to this production . Belly dance can be a powerful , grounded and grounding ethnic dance form ; however this tape presents more of a `` wrap yourself in sequins and wriggle for your husband '' sort of vibe . Culturally divorced and ugly-American scary . Made me want to shave my head and get tattoos .
 For basic instruction this tape is OK . Her oral description of the techniques is clear . Atea is not relaxed at all in her instructions or moves . In the instruction part of the video she seems like a puppet controlled by strings . She is too skinny , unattractive and does n't even have an attractive navel . She fails to hold your attention . Her other dancers are a bit better , but the whole tape seems so contrived and does not move with a natural flair . For verbal instruction , OK , for visual efects you can get much better . And the dance at the end is a real joke . Your money is better spent on Suhaila !
 I DID ' T LIKE THIS VIDEO.IT BORED ME HALF TO DEATH .
 This video was let down . The historical blurb at the beginning is a time waster , and a pain to fast forward thru every time I want to practice dancing . I agree with other reviewers regarding the time devoted to `` freestyle '' and `` improvisation '' . I am too new at this to recognize the moves when they are put together so quickly - and without any commentary . I find myself struggling during this part , or worse - just standing there feeling frustrated and foolish . Some instruction regarding transitions from one move to another would have been appreciated . On the positive side , the actual breakdown of moves was very helpful , especially the belly roll and undulations . I was really struggling with those , and I 'm now confidently on my way . I wish they had covered more moves in that manner . Bottom line - it 's been a week , and I 'm already seeking out another video to buy .
 I found this tape very disappointing , it was fun to watch once , but the amount of information provided was very small and too choppy . There are many belly dance instructional videos available which are more interesting , better taught and more informative about how to dance and which provide you with a workout as well . My recommendation is to keep looking .
 I 'm not exactly going out on a limb to say this is going to be the same transfer used almost five years ago by NoShame films . The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh is a pretty good giallo , I 'd give the film itself 3 stars . If you did n't buy the out of print NoShame disc this may be a good option.It will be interesting to see if this is indeed the same transfer from NoShame and if it will include the great extras from that disc . Also , if it is n't a new transfer and does n't have the extras , it will be funny that the NoShame disc from five years ago was list priced at $ 19.95 while this is listed as $ 24.95 ! Time will tell but beware of this shady company , who charges more and gives you less .
 We were disappointed that this DVD would not play on our regular DVD player . We were able to play it on our computer . There must be something different about the format . Jim Jones
 The DVD was fine - it would be useful if you explained about the regions and how you have to change your dvd program to watch the dvd .
 A surprisingly bad film , painfully slow paced and convoluted . It really is one hell of a mess . The exploitation of a pitiful malformed character -LRB- played by John Mills -RRB- is so over the top , insensitive , and with a tasteless comic bent , and so frequently employed , that it demands mention . The story feels minor to begin with , but is so disjointed and inane , that it is best described as no story at all . The music is hard to describe , I 'll be kind , it 's not helpful . The only reason to see this film is for the absolutely gorgeous , almost hypnotic cinematography . That and perhaps a young and radiant Sarah Miles . That should have been enough to save this film with some tough and aggressive editing , and just a little devotion to good taste . But instead we are forced to endure some kind of a personal or career psychosis by a great director , David Lean .
 I am quite surprised at all the glowing reviews for this film . With the exception of Trevor Howard , the acting was pretty bad . Rose 's love scenes with the English soldier did nothing to make the viewer believe this was a passionate love that could not be denied . In fact , they did n't appear much different than her love scene with Robert Mitchum . There was nothing about either Rose or the English soldier that would indicate irresistability . Perhaps each was particulary attracted to woodenness.While it was a good looking film in terms of scenery and mood , the story was rather ridiculous with many , many holes . We are expected to believe that Rose and the English soldier had an incredibly close relationship , yet he hardly speaks to her . I suppose the viewer must assume that the relationship was more developed than it appeared in the scenes they had together . Why did the soldier commit suicide ? Because of the mess he had made of Rose 's life ? Because of his apparent post-traumatic stress disorder ? Because he could n't have Rose -LRB- for reasons , by the way , never made clear . She expected to part with her husband , so why not ? -RRB- Basically , I found the love story unconvincing and the acting bad . From a technical point of view , the DVD was disappointing in that the sound is terrible - very muffled which , together with the by and large fake Irish brogues , made the dialogue difficult to understand . A disappointment all around .
 Beautifully photographed but over-produced historical women 's picture on an epic scale . Yes , it has its fans but so do those dime-a-dozen bodice-ripper romance novels on supermarket racks . Still , gorgeous cinematography and a lusher-than-lush musical score ca n't disguise the fact that this David Lean misfire is an overblown snooze of elephantine proportions . A pallid Sarah Miles manages to suggest what Julie Christie might have done with this part , horribly miscast Robert Mitchum plays a flower-pressing milquetoast and a dazed-looking Christopher Jones is so bad his voice had to be dubbed . However , John Mills received richly-deserved Oscar for his portrayal of village idiot struck dumb by plot inanities he witnesses in mute silence . No wonder he 's speechless .
 The lead actress does a poor job of acting.Was recently in Ireland and stopped at the location of this film .
 The progress of David Lean 's visual style is one of honest , thrilling emotion subsumed over the years by unnecessary , rote effect -- an artistic hardening-of-the-arteries not entirely unlike the bloat of Wordsworth 's later work.Of his pictures which history will remember well , Lean delivered at least one masterpiece -LRB- `` Oliver Twist , '' 1948 -RRB- , which dared to risk anachronism when it evoked the prison camps of WWII in its workhouse boys ' scabby , balding heads -- not to mention Alec Guinness 's frightening Fagin -LRB- `` What right have you to butcher me !? '' -RRB- . He made two other first-rate pictures
 I guess I 'm not totally up on the meaning of grindhouse . One would assume by the title and the tags that these would be sex filled movies with a little plot thrown in for good measure . They were full of slow moving plot and sex scenes that would make a censor in the 1950s proud .
 The NBC coverage offered in these videos is fascinating to watch as it shows a tragic , unfolding event as it was covered live in 1963 . NBC 's coverage was in black and white , except for brief segments early on from WBAP-TV in Fort Worth . The only problem with the videos is the actual video quality ... which is lousy . THIS VIDEO IS NOT AN OFFICIAL NBC RELEASE . THE MATERIAL DID NOT ORIGINATE DIRECTLY FROM THE NBC NEWS ARCHIVES . IT IS A BOOTLEG . NBC only released one such video of its JFK coverage , a capsulized version back in 1988 which contains almost none of the coverage seen in this collection . This material is of marginal quality at best ... and looks like it ewas copied about eight times before being released in this version . If you 're not concerned about this , then you will find it very interesting to watch .
 I ca n't vouch for the quality of the actual DVD , because I received a blank disc . -LRB- I sent it back for a refund . -RRB- However , based on the packaging - or lack of it - I would be inclined to agree with David A. Medzorian 's assessment that this is an unauthorized bootleg . There was no cover insert - just a clear plastic jewel box in which the disc was placed - and the label looked like a `` print-at-home '' job . If this is a `` print-on-demand '' DVD , that was n't disclosed in the product description . For $ 19.95 , I expected a professional package , and -LRB- blank DVD notwithstanding -RRB- I did n't get one.If the packaging is this skimpy , it 's reasonable for me to believe Mr. Medzorian 's comments on the picture quality are accurate . This is not worth your time - or your money .
 This series is a huge disappointment , in comparison with the fine nature programming I grew up with on public television . The scientific content here is low , and thus the educational value is poor . Instead , we are treated to disaster porn -- stitched-together footage of calamaties and their aftermaths , plus alleged `` human interest '' stories as shameless as anything on the six o'clock news . Insultingly voyeuristic , if that 's possible for Americans these days .
 I saw his film when it was originally released . Robert Altman maybe have been one of the world 's greatest directors , but COLD DAY was a low in his career.Sandy Dennis was brilliant as always but the ultra slow and moody film seems to go on forever.Seeing it on video years later again did nothing for me.Sometimes you like films better the second time around but not so for me in this case.It was no wonder that the film was largly forgotten shortly after its original release .
 `` That Cold Day In The Park '' opens up in a rather innocuous fashion . A middle aged woman , Frances , is entertaining some dinner guests when she notices that a young man is sitting outside on a park bench . It begins to rain and the man attempts to take cover under a newspaper that had been thrown in the trash . After her guests leave , Frances goes outside and invites the young man inside her apartment to dry off . It quickly becomes clear that Frances is quite lonely and she tries her best to make her new guest very welcome . She is in no hurry for him to leave.Unfortunately , the film ends up doing a 180 . At first this appears to be a fascinating look into a woman 's lonely existence and her desperate quest for companionship . Instead , it descends into trashiness and an attempt to shock the viewer . Perhaps back in 1969 viewers found this to be something interesting in a freakish sort of way . In this day and age , however , the shock value is gone and its entertainment value lies in its ability to make the viewer laugh at the campiness of it all . Neither character is at all sympathetic so it ultimately leaves the viewer feeling disconnected . Sandy Dennis gives a wonderful performance but it is mostly wasted here . I only recommend this movie for those who enjoy bizarre social behavior .
 Oh man . I do n't even know what these guys are . Are they dogs , cats , or 5 dollar bills ? I have no idea . I wish we could take a look at this movie 80 years in the future and see what futuristic space people have to say about busting boos with a vacuum cleaner . I mean the symbolism is magnificent , the vacuum cleaner represents the struggles of mankind to end racism while the boos represent Strom Thurman . It 's a beautiful masterwork that takes a certain Narron/Dorinsky-esque look at how retarded you are for reading this review .
 The movie started out poorly and went down hill from there . I was waiting for it to get better and realized after 30 minutes it was only going to get worse . Stopped after 50 minutes . I just could not waste any more time on this movie . If you read reviews before watching a movie and there are this many bad reviews , do n't watch .
 This movie is slightly digestible yet , for having `` A list '' actors and an acclaimed director , I have to review it tougher than usual.This movie is about a police officer that crosses the line . He steals , rapes , pillages and partners up with his adverseries . It 's marginally entertaining but completely unbelievable ... and that is the probem that I had with the flick . Nicolas Cage 's character seems like he would have been extinguished right when he started acting like a nut.In a crime drama , there must be some semblance of reality of which this had none.The ending was terrible in this entertaining yet totally unbelievable movie . Werner Herzog is excellent with man-eating bears , obessessed opera lovers , cool nature flick and POW escape plots but , he was out of his element on this one .
 Boy , did I hate this movie
 This is a sort of remake of Abel Ferarra 's powerful The Bad Lieutenant . It 's `` sort of '' because they 've set this version in New Orleans , I guess because of its reputation as sin city . It 's also sort of because this bad lieutenant is n't really the totally corrupt person the original one was . In fact , when they have him do things inspired by the original , they do n't come off as probable because Nicholas Cage simply does n't exude the stench of rottenness that Harvey Keitel did to perfection . What 's worse is that Cage is not only not rotten , he 's also not capable of looking at himself and repenting , which Keitel 's character did in spades . Even worse is that the new bad lieutenant gets no punishment for his crimes . Nor does Lady Luck abandon him . In short , this movies lacks the morality and moral of the original . Then , too , the original was a tightly knit , suspenseful movie that keeps you glued to the screen . This version is long and meandering so that I at least kept wishing it would end . The only reason I did n't turn it off before it did was that I had a guest watching with me . Get the original if you want to see a good bad lieutenant.Bad Lieutenant
 this movie was so boring . no wonder i never heard of it . to bad it was a bomb . long and BORING
 Bad Acting , Bad Camera Work , Bad Editing , Bad story line . Sigh . Being a native New Orleanian , I had great hope for the movie . But it is just a waist of time to watch this .
 After reading the reviews I was excited to watch this film . I found the plot to be very drawn out , predictable , and somewhat dull . I would recommend watching this if you have 2 hours of your life that you do n't mind squandering and do n't care if you come away from that wasted time with nothing to show for it . Enjoy the film .
 I usually like Nicolas Cages ' work . He 's a fine actor . However , his acting just could n't save this rather stupid 2009 film in which he is cast as a drug addicted detective in post-Katrina New Orleans . No doubt he has a complicated life . His girlfriend is a prostitute , his father is a recovering alcoholic and his father 's wife likes to drink a whole lot of beer . His world is one of drug addiction and corruption and there 's not a single character that is in any sense likable . To top this all off , it is so boring that I fell asleep . Definitely not recommended .
 Alright , this movie is boring . I watched it hoping that it would get better and it did n't . I had a lot of high hopes for this movie based on the reviews I read before watching it . Yes , Nick Cage did a good job with what he had and Eva as always is beautiful but that is pretty much the highlight of the movie .
 I found this movie pathetic at times . The drug use and plot line was , at times , absurd . I wish I had n't wasted my $ renting this b/c it just was n't worth it . The director 's failed attempts at being `` artsy '' with the alligator , iguanas and the like was obvious and remedial and any action to be David LynchY was lost on practically anyone except perhaps the director.As you may surmise , this wo n't be one in my permanent library .
 If you want to watch this , the better option is to rent it . It has nothing to do with the original . It stands on its own . Between the coke-takings and the iguanas and the alligators , there 's not enough punch to make this film emerges as a great film to be bought and re-watch again in my book . There were a lot of potentials , but the director takes the easy way out with an already thin plot . Nicholas Cage was ok , too bad Fairuza Balk had only 2 scenes . Eva Mendes and Val Kilmer 's talents were wasted . Just everage to such a promising start of a might-be-an-awesome film . Just ok , but not memorable at all .
 `` Bad Lieutenant
 In this utterly horrendous flick , a slack-jawed , or , as Springsteen would say , dull-eyed and empty-faced Nick Cage lumbers through a comically bad script in what may soon be deemed the worst movie of the decade.From what Wikipedia tells me , director Werner Herzog seems to be a rather eccentric character who makes obscure movies . Throw Val Kilmer into the mix , and you have a crew that defines all that is wrong with Hollywood -- lazy , bloated , and contemptuous of its audience.Much of `` Bad Lieutenant II '' has the feel of any one of a number of recent video games , and some scenes look that they came right out of the Grand Theft Auto franchise . You have the cardboard thugs , the cynical cops , and the tough but caring black police chiefs.The blending of these two genres , gaming and film , is a sad evolution in entertainment , and BL II looks to be one of many new films that will blur the lines so that Hollywood studios and game production companies can cut costs . Instead of going straight to video , movies like this will go straight to video game -- that is how bad this film is.The brain-dead plot , the absurd dialog , you name -- this film has it . I know Nick Cage has some financial problems involving bad real estate deals , and some guy was stalking him , but he appears to be at the end of his rope here , desperate for a paycheck . The same could be said about Val Kilmer.But I 'd have to single out the writer for absolute condemnation . For example , in one scene , Cage gets his weapon -LRB- a massive .45 that he usually keeps , holster-less , jammed in his waistband , awfully close to his left testicle -RRB- confiscated by what equates to some goons from Internal Affairs . He is relegated to the evidence room , where he can plunder the stash of confiscated drugs . TWO SCENES later , he is running around , with that same weapon longed in his crotch . Such is the level of contempt Cage and his crew has for the poor souls that they can sucker into watching this mess.I guess that Herzog , et al , assume that we are all dope-addled retards , like the character Cage plays in BL II -LRB- perhaps he is not acting -RRB- , and we wo n't notice gaping holes in the plot , wildly absurd exchanges of banal chatter -LRB- `` Do fish dream ? '' -RRB- , camera work worthy of GTA 2 , and corny , contrived scenes -LRB- the junkie cop is stuck with an adorable dog , his whore girlfriend , and a key witness to a homicide , driving around in his police cruiser , trying to get square with his bookie ; or something like that ... -RRB- If you get the urge to sample this pile steaming garbage , do yourself a favor -- rent the original Bad Lieutenant and watch that masterpiece until the urge passes .
 Here I am with Bad Lieutenant Port of Call New Orleans more like Port Of S h i t. Cause this movie was poorly done it has no right to have the name Bad Lieutenant . In fact Abel Ferrara openly against this movie . Werner Herzog said `` I have no idea who he is I 've never seen a film of his . '' Yeah you must of known enough to direct a sequel . I mean I do n't blame Abel Ferrara for being mad I mean Bad Lieutenant which I reviewed the other day is a great character piece . This movie is way to long too slow paced & the acting is n't all that great the editing is bad . Made on a budget of $ 25 million made $ 10 million . Directed by Werner Herzog he directed Nosferetu & Rescue Dawn . Rescue Dawn is better than this movie . If you like this movie that 's fine anytime I rant on a movie it 's against the movie not the fans . This wo n't be a huge rant but still I do n't care for this movie . It stars Nichols Cage as Terrence McDonagh , Val Kilmer as Stevie Pruit , Eva Mendes as Frankie Donnenfeld , Xzibit as Big Fate & Brad Dourif Ned . The story is Terrence McDonagh & his partner Stevie Purit are investigating a murder of this family who are illegal immigrants from Senegal . Their looking for this guy named Big Fate . You have them copy stuff off of the original Bad Lieutenant you have the lead doing drugs & betting on sports only this time it 's College Football . He has a girlfriend he does drugs with . This character is n't interesting Nicholas Cage does n't make it work not saying that Nicholas Cage is a bad actor but this is n't his kind of movie . Keitel was over the top in the in Bad Lieutenant but he did n't over do it . You have a scene where up to this young couple & starts messing with them like with the 2 Jersey Girls in in the original . He has s e x with the girl & takes her drugs . Lieutenant McDonagh & Lieutenant Pruit round up different people they find this boy who was a witness to the murders . McDonagh gets a call from his Girlfriend Frankie to come to Biloxi the witness goes with him & McDonagh finds out that this guy has been beating her he beats that guy up who tells him that he 's well connected . They get back to New Orleans at this restraunt the witness goes missing & McDonagh goes to that guys Grandma 's House she takes care of this elderly lady . He gets mad cause they wo n't tell him where the boy went to he goes off the deep end cuts off the old lady 's oxegen so he can get some information . I 'm sorry but that 's way too over the top even for me . He is told that the boy went to England . So this plot point goes nowhere . All this cop does is get himself in more trouble which I will get to . He gets a call by Frankie cause he owes money to this mobster dude he has 2 days to pay up . He gets Frankie out of town has her stay with his parents there is this dramatic BS going on with McDonagh 's Father & Step Mother which I did n't care about . When the 1st movie the simple things & straight forward things did so much more for me . McDonagh has been put on modified duty for his recent actions . That 's ok cause he has a guy that works evidence that will get his gun back for him . McDonagh shows Frankie this old tool shed he used to play in as a kid & it 's more stuff that could 've been cut out . He goes on & on about this spoon he dug up in the yard as a kid . McDonagh gets together with Big Fate 's crew he uses them to help him take down those mob guys he owes money to . McDonagh has Big Fate smoke his Lucky Crack Pipe so he can get his DNA . I will admit that I did find his plan brillant use them to kill the people he owes money get that guys DNA to get him arrested . He has the pipe planted at the crime scene where that family was killed & Big Fate & his gang are busted . McDonagh 's partner Stevie wants to kill Big Fate & take his drugs but McDonagh wants to take him in . So for performing his duties professionally he is promoted to Captain & he Frankie his father & step mother are clean & sober . Frankie is pregnet . Oh but McDonagh still has his slip up lol . Bad Lieutenant Port Of S h i t is poorly done I know it 's not a direct sequel but even as a stand alone movie it 's no different than any other crime drama movie on the direct to video market . It 's 2 hours & 2 minutes too long 10 or 15 could 've been cut out of it the acting is n't much to run home about . Werner Herzog gets the pass for being a high brow director . Nicholas Cage gave an on & off performance . Val Kilmer did n't get much to do . Eva Mendes was ok . Xzibit was terrible . I ca n't believe I left out Brad Dourif but he did n't get anything to do . I said in my review for Bad Lieutenant that it 's not for everybody cause of the content & subject matter . This movie is n't for everybody cause it is lame .
 Total trash , not worth the dvd it 's written on . Horrific acting , crazy stupid scripting and terrible camera work . It 's telling me I need to write more words to make the review count so I 'll reemphasize that this movie is a complete total waste of time and energy and you should stay away from it . Do n't waste your time !
 Wife is a huge cage fan ... This was torcher to watch ... I would have given less than 1 Star if it was possible . . Wish I went to the dentist instead of watching this movie ... I have seen some bad movies but this one now has the honor of been the worst ...
 Bad . Just bad . Somebody was on drugs during the making of this movie , I suspect it may have been multiple people . lol
 Nicholas Cage proves once and for all that he can not act . That aside , he was severely miscast in the lead role as a ` bad ' guy or a ` lieutenant ' He 's the same loser from MoonStruck , who never grew up . In this flick , he whined out his lines from a pathetically cliched script . He 's not scary , he 's not the right size physically , his clothes do n't fit and he 's asleep through most of the film . He 's just not tough guy material . He 's a kid.The acting was uniformly dull . Val Kilmer did n't have an identifiable role nor did he have a thing to do with moving the so-called story along . Many scenes looked like the actors were playing pretend and making up their lines on the spot with an amateurish enthusiasm . Werner Herzog made this piece B - movie ? That 's a shame , for him.I guess the production could n't afford an editor to cut the many superfluous scenes in which the characters verbally updated us on the plot in slow motion . Everyone in the movie must have been whoring for their SAG cards . The only interesting feature was seeing Jennifer Coolidge in a serious part , though her stereotyped role was complete after only one scene . Thereafter , she was a rerun serving no purpose whatsoever to the plot . The story was cobbled together unrealistically enough to make sure the viewer did n't give a damn about any characters by the time the irrelevant and stupidly lingering aquarium scene finally goes black at the end . ZZZZZzzzzzzzzz.I 'm surprised this flim was released , even if it had only gone directly to DVD . It 's that bad . Do n't bother with this movie . Those who made it did n't .
 Could n't watch more than 30 minutes . The acting , the plot , everything ... completely just ... BAD . Why do people enjoy this movie ?
 This just plain bad . Boring ... . I did not find this the least bit entertaining nor interesting . It was a waste of my time .
 This is a crap movie . Totally unbelievable , totally depraved . A piece of Hollywood junk . Do n't bother , unless my description sounds enticing to you .
 Clean your house instead . Glad it was free ! Would have regretted spending money on it . Tried to resume watching three times - could n't ' do it .
 Probably a decent story line but Nicolas Cage just needs to stop doing movies . The acting was just horrible . I would like the time back I used to watch this movie .
 I tried giving this movie a chance ... watched it all the way thru ... even though I was going to shut it off multiple times ... this is probably the worst movie I 've watched ever ...
 can not believe I watched the whole movie , I kept hoping it could get better . Never did get any better , only worse
 ... What Mr. Cage was thinking when he signed on for this . Oh yeah , I 'm going broke and got ta make some money . It baffles me that an actor of his caliber who does two or three film a year ca n't manage his funds . This movie is a weird one . Herzog was goin for a Fear and Loathing vibe but I was n't feeling it . Cage 's character is a PD Lieutenant who is addicted to drugs . He steals , gambles , and hustles people like he 's a Tijuana cop . In reality no one that messed up would be a police detective . The movie has a very thin plot . It involves murders , witnesses , a hooker girlfriend , drug dealers , mobsters , bookies ect . There 's appearences by Val Kilmer , Eva Mendez , Xzibit , and a couple other familiar actors . This is just another of the many mediocre post Katrina New Orleans films . The only good one I can think of is `` Deja Vu '' with Denzel and Val Kilmer . -LRB- who also did the one with 50 cent -RRB- . He must live in New Orleans . I reccomend this as a rental . That 's if you can tolerate watching constant drug use . If you 're a fan of Nick Cage and drugs then knock yourself out . Oh yeah , Cage looks ridiculous walking around with his pistol stuck in the front of his pants the entire movie .
 Horrible Movie , worst I have ever seen ! Nick Cage 's career is definitely over if it was n't before this piece of garbage !
 I have to say , this was the WORST Nic Cage movie I have ever seen ! The director is horrible , it looks like a cheap movie and why waste your time ? And Val Kilmer , dude , lose some weight , you make me want to start working out more just seeing you ! He looked his best in Top Gun , but ever since that movie , and Batman , he has let himself go ! I am not trying to judge , but he used to be nice to look at ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME ! I am glad it was free thru the Prime , thank goodness !
 Go break open a red light camera and steal the film . Watch that . It will have 10,000 times better acting and a much more coherent plot too !
 the service was good on this movie . . came quickly and in timely mode . . but the movie sucked . . it started off good . . but in the middle . . it lost its appeal . . he was a bad lieutenant . . but it just did n't catch and keep my eye . . and towards the end . . it was like . . what is going on . . it changed completely from the beginning . . N. Cage is good actor . . but Eva . . she really did n't have a plot ...
 this movie was the longest ... boring movie i have ever seen . i did n't think he could ever do a horrible movie till this one . the whole movie shows him getting high and going on trips and setting people up for his mistakes ... its a bunch of crap ! maybe it would be good for someone that is really stoned out of their mind to sit down in watch .
 Well , that 's 121 minutes of my life I 'll never get back . Last year , I was compelled to see an animated movie about guinea pigs saving the world . It was the worst movie I ever saw . Now , it 's the second worst movie I ever saw . Do yourself a favor and give `` Bad Lieuenant '' a miss .
 This was one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time . I usually enjoy Nicholas Cage movies but this is so far beneath him I ca n't imagine why he would even do it .
 What a terrible movie , garbage . It totally sucks . What is Hollywood coming to . It seems they are running out of stories to make movies about . What garbage . Good Lord . Right up there with Boondock Saints 2 and Smokin Aces 2 .
 The preview I saw made this movie look similar to Denzel 's `` Training Days '' except with Cage playing something close to his character from `` Leaving Las Vegas '' -LRB- replace booze with drugs , of course -RRB- . This could n't be further from the truth . There was absolutely nothing redeeming here -LRB- bad writing , amateurish directing and camera work , no atmosphere to the film even though it was filmed in post-Katrina N.O. , etc. -RRB- . The acting -LRB- by EVERYONE -RRB- was forced and uninspired . The dialogue in many scenes had to have been ad libbed because you could actually see it in the actors ' faces when they were waiting on the other actors in the scene to finish.The worst atrocity was when Cage 's accent changes at about the 1:03 mark . He starts off sounding like typical Cage , but then his voice suddenly starts sounding like the love-child of Jimmy Stewart and Edward G. Robinson -LRB- you think I 'm joking ... I wish I were -RRB- . This lasts about 30 min before he goes back to normal Cage.I like Cage -LRB- and many of his flicks -RRB- so I feel bad for his current financial woes , but I 'd rather simply mail him a check than pay to watch him ruin his legacy by making tripe like this movie . This movie was Cage 's ` Jar-Jar-Binks ' ... I hope there wo n't be another.And for the record , the best ` crooked-crazy-drugged-out-cop ' character was played by Gary Oldman in `` The Professional '' -LRB- aka `` Leon '' -RRB- .
 There is not ONE redeemable quality about this film . Period . Nicolas Cage is at the bottom of the barrel . He now has absolutely NO range . The acting in this was worse than a low budget B movie . I think he seriously was on something ! So here we are New Orleans Post Katrina . Nic is supposed to be a tough guy and gets into all kinds of trouble . I could n't figure out who was coming or going . I was baffled the entire movie ! The lines were HORRIBLE ! PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 I like Nicolas Cage , but this movie was a waste of time-BAD story , CRAPPY acting ... Do n't waste your time on this GARBAGE !
 I generally like Nick Cage even in his bad movies . This bad movie leaves very little to like about Nick or Herzog . Poor plot development is left to be interpreted by the visual arts and the script is even worse . Say whatever the other reviewers want , but I hated this movie .
 It 's just an awful movie . It 's not quite as bad as ` Eye of The Beholder ' starring Ewan McGregor , but pretty close . Awful acting by Kilmer , Mendez , and Cage . I 'm not sure how anyone can rate this more than 1 star , but if that 's what floats your boat . Save yourself a couple of hours of your life and watch paint dry or something along those lines and you 'll be better off for it .
 Begs comparisons to Keitel 's original and fails on every level . It never creates sympathy for the gritty immoral world this cardboard cutout inhabits . It 's easily Cage 's worst performance and the all time worst use of music in a drama ever . Unlike man of steel Keitel , this clown would have overdosed or been shot 10 times over . Any rookie cop could point out a dozen giant plot holes .
 Terrible movie from beginning to end , I stuck with this to see if it would get better but no ! two hours later I wished I had gone out side and washed the car
 So he 's a dirty cop and an all around horrible person . Spoiler ... Everything worked out in the end ? What the heck was the point of that movie ? Seriously ... everything worked out in the end?I do n't know why I continued to watch .
 From what has been said here by a few other reviewers this is among Nicolas Cage 's `` best '' pictures . . Pardon me for being crude but these reviwers must also enjoy getting poked in the eye with a sharp stick . . Aside from the bizarre nature of the direction , this film has very little going for it . . Sure , werner Herzog was -LRB- is ? -RRB- a darling among the artsy fartsy crowd , but that really does n't excuse this mess . . The fact that it more or less went directly to video seems.im view , to say it all ; no one EXCEPT the artsy fartsy crowd really wanted to see this picture , and as thier numbers combined have trouble filling the seats at the local cinema , this picture was doomed to failure from the word `` go '' . . A drug addicted corrupt cop , lurking around in the devasted post-Katrina New Orleans , hunting for his next fix and a criminal dirtbag would , in more capable hands , have been just the starting point to an interesting , if not great thriller ... Instead we get bogged down in boring scenes that contribute nothing to the plot , and the director 's eccentric , if not insane takes from the vantage point of alligators and iguanas . . A very bad film indeed ...
 I gave up on this thing halfway through . I just could not watch any more . Cage runs around in a badly cut suit , his head turned at an angle as if he ca n't hear the director , and there is no discernible plot or purpose . We do n't notice Cage 's bad acting the way we did in Wicker Man , because all the rest of the actors are so bad Cage does not stand out . One good thing about the movie is , Cage plays a coke addict . The bad thing about it is , he did n't OD and give us all a break.We can give this one a pass , though .
 Till now I 've never seen a bad Nicolas Cage movie , this would be the first . We kept hoping it would end and will never watch it again .
 SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! This movie only goes to show that Nicolas Cage and Val Kilmer are definitely washed up as actors . I wish I could get my money and my time back on this movie . I just want to put my eyes out with a cordless drill thinking how much I watched of this trash before turning it off .
 Worst Nicholas Cage movie ever made . See the Harvey Keitel version for a great watch .
 there is no words to describe this movie ! all i can say this movie sucks and it was awful !
 This is one of the worst movies I 've seen in a long-long time . The plot is very unimaginative , and is active is plain horrible.There is n't much more to say .
 Even Cage , with some genius acting in parts , could n't save this bad movie.One of the wosre movies I have ever watched.Why do they keep hiring Eva Mendes - she acts like a piece of wood .
 All the other bad reviews are good enough for me . I 'm just adding my vote on this one as a one star . I ca n't fathom how the ones who ranked it as 5 stars saw the same movie as I did . The best thing about this movie was returning it to the Red Box I rented it from .
 If you are a very senior Senior , be careful of the pop-up enticements you do not understand . There is no way I can ever view the movie I have been wanting to see for a very long time . I now know that I have DVD and not Blu-Ray , whatever that is . Reaching anyone to question is a near impossibility in this sales-mad world . The saddest thing is that I have not found anyone in my area to whom I can just give this movie in exchange for an opportunity to view it . Disappointed Old Lady
 Love the show , which for me has held up well
 One of my favorite shows ever , the DVD itself was rushed to capitalize on John Ritter 's death . This is what I hate about movie studios , it 's all about the money and not about quality . Thumbs down to the transfer , thumbs down to the menus , thumbs down to the speed of menu access.Remember , I 'm not rating the show because it would get 10 stars . The transfer is garbage.John you are the man . Sorry about this quality !
 I thought that because the DVD stated Season One that I was getting the entire season one . Much to my surprise it only included six episodes . I now know that unless it states COMPLETE season it is n't . I was quite disappointed and feel that the advertising is misleading .
 Alguien me puede decir porque la serie Three 's Company no viene ni con audio ni con subtitulos en ESPA&N tilde ; OL.Esta serie fue vista a nivel mundial , si casi todas las series que salen en dvd con varios idiomas que paso con esta si es una de las mejores de todos los tiempos.Una comedia excelente y unica deberian de haber tomado en cuenta aca en mi pais la dieron con audio en espa & ntilde ; ol , donde quedo eso ??? . Ahora si viene en audio ESPA&N tilde ; OL o por lo menos subtitulo pido mil disculpas pero no dice por ningun lado en la descripcion del producto.SALUDOS
 Oh , my ... this has got to be the lowest moment of my life , just now seeing that this TV show has been resurrected onto DVD.God bless John Ritter , but could n't this steaming pile be left in the annals of buffonic TV tripe?Just the photo on the cover makes me shudder - John 's just-slightly fake smile , Joyce 's dumbfounded look , and Suzanne 's face of non-describability . I was going leave with no DVD rating -LRB- just the dash -RRB- as a courtesy , but apparently that is not possible -LRB- why is it a choice , Amazon ? -RRB- . If the DVD had loads of commentaries , bloopers , unshown episodes and the girls in a naked 2-some in window-shuddering Dolby 5.1 , I would be hard pressed to give it a one-star rating.I undertand this is brainless jiggle TV , but ca n't we find 3 better -LSB- ones -RSB- to look at ? -LRB- I ca n't believe Amazon 's censors ruined my joke :--RRB- . That is very common word with 2 `` b `` s and 2 `` o '' 's that even 10 year olds speak without guilt . In another post , they censored a non sexual use of `` suck '' as in `` this sucks . '' -RRB- And yes , I realize I 'm not making any friends here . However , I discussed this show with 2 work-mates today and neither could honestly think of a worse show , except possibly `` What 's Happenin ' ? '' or `` Welcome Back , Kotter '' .
 I think Three 's Company is the WORST sitcom there EVER was on telivision . Bad writing BAD acting and JUST PLAIN BAD all the way around . The horrible thing was it was SO bad you sometimes felt compelled to watch it in spite of your better judgement . PAINFULLY stupid plots .
 In description this serie specific dubbed to spanish but is not real only English language . Not subtitules in spanish.Mal mal mal . But Is very funny .
 I have not read James Marcus ' book , `` Amazonia , '' but in a recent NPR interview , he insisted that during his Amazon tenure he was never pressured to write positive reviews of things he found crappy . However , Amazon 's editorial review above makes me doubt such a claim . If the guy had said this movie is so bad that it 's good , I could accept that . But to suggest that `` Mean Guns '' has redeeming qualities that anyone involved with it actually intended it to have ? You 've got to be kidding.Also , do not believe the overall user rating for this movie or the low ratio of helpful to unhelpful votes that my review will inevitably get -LRB- assuming anyone ever actually reads it -RRB- . Most people who have rated it are probably Christopher Lambert fans , so they obviously have no taste . For anyone who realizes Lambert has less acting talent than a dead dog , let me inform you that `` Mean Guns '' is actually terrible . I will admit that I found it to be enjoyably bad -- the incompetence of everyone involved gave me a few pretty good laughs . But enjoyably bad is still bad . I will say this -- at least it was not nearly as horrible as the previous Pyun-Lambert project , `` Adrenalin
 MEAN GUNS is a vile , pointless movie with no redeeming qualities . The horrible acting of Ice T has never been so flagrantly evidenced as in this loser . He plays some kind of syndicate lord who assembles all these people who have somehow betrayed the syndicate -LRB- this includes for no apparent reason a vampire ? -RRB- . Armed with not only guns but baseball bats , the movie is one long let 's see how many people we can kill in ninety minutes . The murders are offensively brutal and with a plot that limps along , one has to wonder why this movie was even made . How can we root for anyone when they are all heartless , cold-blooded killers ? Christopher Lambert , the stone faced hero of B movies , even brings along his little daughter to wait in the car while the murders go on . The movie tries to embrace some kind of code of honor among murderers , but is there honor among these low lifes ? One female actress , who plays Barbie , is so obnoxious I could n't wait for her to meet her demise , and it takes a long time to happen , too . With an ending that is so forced and implausible , MEAN GUNS is one mean film , and that does n't mean you should watch it if you know what I Mean .
 Christopher Lambert and Ice-T are supposed to be the stars here , but what little depth this movie has comes from Michael Halsey , who turns a professional killer into a sympathetic figure -LRB- and that ANYONE can earn any sympathy in this bit of video treacle is itself an achievement -RRB- . If you 're not a big fan of bloodless , mindless gunplay , the only reason to buy this movie is for the soundtrack . Mambo fans will actually enoy it , as well as the Andean flute/guitar instrumental .
 This film is a travesty of the action-adventure genre . First off , the plot is illogical and absurd even if it might be a policeman 's dream
 I 've now seen the film Mean Guns twice and I have even purchased the DVD -LRB- albeit off of a bargain rack -RRB- . This is n't a great film , it is n't even really a good film , but it can be entertaining if you like violence and mambo.The story behind the movie is weak at best and the cast -LRB- consisting mostly of Ice-T and Christopher Lambert -RRB- really does n't do much to improve the film . There are some interesting action moments , all to the beat of Mambo music.If you can find it for a cheap price I 'd suggest it , but I would n't pay any more than a couple of bucks for this film . Of course if you 're a diehard Christopher Lambert fan or if you really love Mambo and Violence , this might be something you want to invest in .
 You really must hand it to Christopher Lambert . After showing great promise in the action film `` Highlander '' back in the 1980s , his career rapidly took a nosedive . Lambert could have been the next big action star if he had played his cards right , but instead he followed up his initial success with the lengthy and oftentimes plodding `` The Sicilian . '' Actors who make this type of mistake rarely call it quits ; they merely head into the realm of B movies where all things are possible if one is willing to throw such antiquated notions like dignity and art to the wind . The 1997 film `` Mean Guns '' shows Christopher Lambert at the heights of his nadir . To be honest , Christopher should n't carry all of the blame for this lifeless excursion on Mount Boredom
 Albert Pyun has his own way of making films . He is responsible for `` Omega Doom '' and `` Crazy Six '' , two movies that in spite of having quite different plots , possess in common the peculiar and curious way with which the director accomplishes his works . `` Mean Guns '' follows the Pyun 's formula
 Mad Max and Escape From New York are two titles I would consider essential to have in my BD collection , but I will not be buying them in their present state . Why , you ask ? Let us do some simple science and maths : Science in the sense of positing a fact
 There is no doubt that this is a cult classic , and there is plenty of reason for it to stay that way . Overall , it was predictable and somewhat lacking in screen presence . I ca n't really put my finger on what it is that makes the film worth the purchase , but I will admit that it is an interesting example of Australian movie making in the 70 's . The story line is somewhat disturbed and there are significant reasons to not allow children to watch this , and really , there is little reason for me to suggest that anyone not completely bored with other avenues of moviemaking watch it either .
 Prospective purchasers should note that this dvd is the dubbed version where American actors replace the Australian actors on the soundtrack . I understand that the decision to overdub the part was done when the movie was first released in the US -LRB- an Australian friend recalled his shock at the dubbing when he saw it in a US cinema at the time -RRB- but I would have thought that the studio could have dug up the original Australian version and released that instead . Because of this irritating and pointless feature of an otherwise fine movie -LRB- the best of the Mad Max series -RRB- , I can only rate the dvd 2 stars .
 Do n't buy this Video . With DVD technology it would have been a no-brainer to provide both sound tracks , the original Aussie version and the rotten American dubbed version . These dopes chose to give us the one that nobody wants . Perhaps if nobody buys it they 'll get a clue .
 Guess I should 've known better than to buy a `` special edition '' This has scenes edited out . I 'm very disappointed , what a prude sissyfied country America is these days . ZERO stars for this version . Original version gets FIVE !
 This DVD is the U.S. release , in which the original Australian dialog -LRB- including Mel Gibson 's -RRB- was replaced with dubbed dialog in `` American English '' .
 I thought this movie was boring and it did n't let you get to know any of the characters . The only good thing in this movie is a young , cute Mel Gibson .
 If U have seen this brilliant film before with the original Australian soundtrack , then I do not recommend this video ! Only in America will they take a film in perfectly acceptable English , and then go and totally ruin it , by dubbing it into American English . The mind just boggles ! The initial reaction is one of disbelief when you first hear one of the characters speak -LRB- because U know what he 's supposed to sound like -RRB- . This soon turns into irritation as you try to marry the characters with the new ` foreign ' voices , and try to spot dubbing errors -LRB- lips moving but no sound & vice versa -RRB- , and deliberate substitution of words -LRB- there R some of these as well -RRB- , AND , try to watch the story , for the rest of the film.I knew there was a dubbed version , but i thought it was called ` Road Warrior ' or something.The sad thing is , for me to return it will cost more than the video is worth -LRB- had i only been informed in the synopsis -RRB- I shall search for a 2nd hand ` original ' copy in England.Please tell us when a film , in English , has been dubbed for the American market.If you have not seen it before , or if U R American & ca n't follow the Ozzy slang anyway , then i suppose this dubbed version can be entertaining , but not to me.I shall be much more wary in future.If it ai n't broken , do n't fix it !!
 Why on earth would anyone give this movie three and a half stars -LRB- out of the traditional four star system -RRB- ? I kept watching this tedious film , hoping that perhaps the answer might be found in the next scene . This is a confused , jumbled mess . It 's an unintelligible , incoherent , impenitrable story that makes absoloutley no sense and goes from nowhere to nothing . Each scene seems to have nothing to do with the one before or after it . As best as I can figure it out , it 's a wierd cross between `` Duel '' and `` Death Wish '' , but no where near as good as either . The action is disappointing too , unless you like seeing vehicles getting wreaked .
 I 'm a great fan of the Mad Max series of films and since I 'm living in Australia , I have seen the original Aussie version on video locally . It seems stupid that we can only get Mad Max 2 and 3 on DVD in Australia and not Mad Max 1 -LRB- which is only available on Video -RRB- . So , because of this I bought Mad Max 1 -LRB- The U.S Version DVD -RRB- through Amazon which has the American voices dubbed over the original sound track -LRB- which I did n't know at the time -RRB- . Me being Australian and having watched the original , I found the U.S version very disappointing . Also the picture quality on this US version DVD of Mad Max 1 should have been better -LRB- It 's more like VCD quality -RRB- . The Australian version of Mad Max 1 , I would give 5 stars .
 As I say , do n't make the mistake of buying this overpriced dvd . I unfortunately did buy it , and what I found was abysmal.Instead of the original Australian actor 's voices , there are nowpoorly dubbed American voices . I also noticed this version has been cut in certain scenes . I remember one scene in particular , near the biginning . The couple who are later attacked by the biker gang are having sex in a field - one of the good guys appears watching them from a distance and shouts over to them . This scene appeared before the first chase scene , and is missing from this version.The transfer appears to be a transplant from a poor quality laserdisc version , and the sound is in mono.What appalled me was the American dubbing - this seems typically arrogant and ignorant to me . In any other country in the world you would not find this , and its unfair and condescending to the portion of Americans who wanted to see the `` unbutchered '' Australian version . I have seen this dubbing in the States with English programmes as well -LRB- leaving the evil characters with the English accents of course -RRB- and its frankly offensive to watch.DON ' T BUY THIS DVD - WAIT FOR SOMETHING BETTER TO BE RELEASED !
 I would n't waste a single red cent on anything that this jew hating , racist , woman abuser acts in.This guy is a complete and utter psychopath !
 As a fan of post-apocalyptic movies , I must say that this movie is as far from post-apocalyptic as a post-apocalyptic movie can get . The majority of the movie is explained on the back cover - Mad Max is a cop whose family has been killed and he must seek revenge . But the seeking revenge part is just about 4 or 5 scenes towards the end of the movie ! And to top it all off it seems like the apocalypse has had absolutely no effect on the world , because trees are growing , there 's power , water , civilization , medicine , and ice cream ! Jeez !
 I thought this was going to be a good movie . Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 95 % . It 's the worst highly rated movie I 've ever seen . My girlfriend and I kept saying `` WTF ? '' the entire time we watched it . It made very little sense . The Road Warrior is much , much better .
 It is unfortunate that this film was ever DUBBED . It is not as though Aussies speak another language and Yanks are n't intelligent enough to work some the careful crafted slang in this classic.Fortunate now there is a new UNDUBBED version due for release this mouth , with more features and CHEAPER.I 'm selling my old DUBBED copy and buying the new UNDUBBED version .
 I am a huge Mad Max fan , so when I found this copy I was really happy -LRB- it 's hard to find in store -RRB- I waited for it to get delivered and sat down with the partner to watch , only I was so disappointed when it was finished as they have cut out half of the original movie !!! Majority of the major scenes are no where to be seen !! I must admit this is the first time I have been let down by Amazon , but with such a classic movie -LRB- with the correct rating -RRB- why was there any reason to cut out soooooo much of it , for a person who may not have seen this before , they would have no real idea as to what the movie is !!!
 this film is one of my all time favorites but i have to say the picture quality of the video is very poor i am needless to say dissapointed
 I did not really care for this film , though , it did have a few funny moments , a lot of the attempts at humor fell flat for me . I really like Martin Short , but did n't think he was very funny in this . It was a little corny . I also thought that it was going to be more of a musical , but there was very little singing , so I was disappointed in that . I also did n't like the moral behind the plot , of the wish itself -- getting the little girls dad the role in the play -- by using any means to sabbotage the character who had the role . I do n't think that 's a good message for kids , even if the methods used are done by fairy godmothers . I know a lot of shows do that , like Bruce Almighty , but in even that show , in the end he gave the newscaster 's job back to the character that he stole it from . I would n't recommend this movie to anyone .
 I Love Mara Wilson she is cute and beautiful.I also loved her in Matilda . I think that Matilda was beautiful.she is a good actress.she was a cute girl in Mrs.Doubtfire.I think that she was very good at that part
 This video shows managers , roadies , and freinds , talking about THE MAN . NO complete songs even in the background -LRB- which is the only place the music is -RRB- . If you want to see Hendrix play , it 's not here .
 Only about 1 hour long , and most of this is talking . Somewhat interesting , but I wanted Dolby Digital Hendrix !
 This is a very dissapointing DVD . If they allowed you to have songs without commentary interruption it might be ok , or if there was any ` previously unreleased ' music on it . Even if they just had the pictures , film and diary entries with the music it would be ok . But there 's no reason to watch this DVD more than once if you have to listen to all the commentary each time . The Band of Gypsy DVD has two options , Concert Footage only and Concert Footage with Commentary . Jimi 's music speaks for itself , and no one can come close to him , so it 's not necessary to hear what people have to say about him . The music and maybe the pictures as background are enough .
 I thought this would have more complete songs -- like U2 's Rattle and Hum or Styx 's Return to Paradise . Instead it is a documentary with short clips of Jimi performing . Disappointing ...
 I was really looking forward to this one . As a fan of the Classic Album Series , I was very disappointed when I watched this one . The volume level is very inconsistent , especially during the sections where people are talking over the music . You have to turn it way up when they 're talking , then be quick with the remote when the music starts or it will blow your speakers ! For die-hard fans only , and keep the volume remote handy . You 'll need it !
 I was really looking forward to this one . As a fan of the Classic Album Series , I was very disappointed when I watched this one . The volume level is very inconsistent , especially during the sections where people are talking over the music . You have to turn it way up when they 're talking , then be quick with the remote when the music starts or it will blow your speakers ! For die-hard fans only , and keep the volume remote handy . You 'll need it !
 During the late 1960s and early 1970s , the Italian movie industry made a number of World War II films . They ranged from trash to average to occasionally excellent . THE FIFTH DAY OF PEACE represents the best of the genre . Chances are you would n't be looking at the DVD if you did n't already know what the film was about.The DVD quality is appalling . The print is muddy and smeary , mastered from a video tape . You know how when a VCR may start to eat a tape , it leaves those crinkles on the actual tape and you get the telltale `` skips '' on the TV screen when you watch the damaged part of the tape ? Well , those same type skips show up during part of the credits . The colors look worn out as well . The sound is monophonic and a little muffled . There is a brief yet loud and annoying buzz about 40 minutes into the film as well . The sound is not always in synchronization with the picture , either . It 's not because of the dubbing , though . I have compared with my video copy . There are plenty of digital artifacts off and on as well . The screen-shots for the 10 chapter scenes and those of Johnson and Nero look excellent , but do not compare well to the picture quality of the actual film.The DVD is 1.33:1 , cropped from the original letterbox print of 2.35:1 . Portions of words are missing from both the sides of the screen and the bottom of the screen during parts of the credits.It looks as though the folks at Simitar might have just recorded this from a TV screen with a video camera . An enterprising way to save money but also a great way to lose business.For `` special '' features there are 10 chapter searches , movie factoids which provide no information not found on the case , and abridged biographies and filmographies for Richard Johnson and Franco Nero.I piad -LSB- a small amount -RSB- for this and still thought it was a waste . My video from Congress Entertainment , while still lower quality , is better than this DVD .
 If you want to impress your friends with your new DVD player then -LRB- ... -RRB- do n't show them this film . It 's a straight forward copy from a video tape that will have you reaching for the tracking button -LRB- if only -RRB- and the sound is not in sync with the picture . The acting is wooden and the plot is dire . If you are fool enough to buy this , do n't come crying to me when you realise I 'm right !
 The quality of filming is so poor , the beauty of the music and the singer are lost . I saw the `` 30 's version of this as a child , and I wish I could get that ... this was a real disappointment . Munsel sings beautifully , but the film itself is boring , and the quality is poor . Unless you really , really love Munsel and the music , do n't buy this film .
 Add these ingredients : Flashy music , beautiful ladies , sexy dance moves , scanty clothes -LRB- no nudity -RRB- , beautiful landscapes , and even some seaside hobbies ... and what do you get?Wait a minute ... Now add a film editor who thinks his amateurish effects are more important than the above ingredients . All the above scenes of the hobbies , the ladies , the landscapes were all spliced and edited into each other for a `` strobe '' effect of split second images so that you ca n't focus on any of it.Now what do you have?Probably a yard sale item in the 10 for a dollar bin . I may buy some of the earlier volumes to see if they 're the same ... wish me luck .
 Although the recording was somewhat ineresting , due to the lack of music in the recording I find very dissapointing . I will probably play it three or four times and then dispose of it .
 Good God , was this boring ! I could n't even finish watching it before I tossed it . I usually enjoy reading or hearing how artists create , it fascinates me . And I love The Band that used to be . But this was boring as heck . Sorry , Robbie . Sorry , Levon .
 I just screened the dvd of The Band which cost $ 65.00 ! If you like 75 minutes of interviews with some musical clips -LRB- all far better in The Last Waltz -- where each song is 100 % seen on camera and mixed great -RRB- than send me $ 55.00 and I 'll ship you my copy . I love The Band but this looks like a BBC TV doc.Bill
 I have enjoyed all the Fleetwood Mac albums and thought this video would provide excellent sound tracks from their album Rumors . Unfortunately , both me and my guests were extremely disappointed by boring commentary mixed in with partial sound tracks ... . A book would have been more entertaining .
 This DVD contains discussions of the songs on Fleetwood Mac 's Rumours Album , but not the songs themselves . They tell you about the song , how it was produced , what was going on and then they do n't play it . If you are lucky they show about a 10 second video clip . It would not have cost the powers-to-be a dime to show a video of each song after it was discussed . In my opinion this `` Album '' is a tribute to arrogance . I will be sending it back .
 Clearly , the producers of this DVD meant to mislead . The cover of the DVD shows the original album cover suggesting that it is a visual equivalent of the album . Please read the cover carefully . It is a quickly put together documentary of the times surrounding the making of the album . Too much time is taken up showning closeups of the of photographic stills that are already on the original album cover and liners.Much time is spent describing the breakup of the relationships.Some of the new performances of the classic songs are again , quickly put together and does n't provide additional insights.Hastily produced DVD with a misleading cover to cash in on unsuspecting fans .
 Rumours is one of my all-time favorite albums , so I was dying to see this video . The one on the making of Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon was a real treat , so I had high hopes for this one . Unfortunately , it is just them saying over and over again that it was difficult being trapped in a small studio together , while they were breaking up . The only thing I did not already know , that I got from this video , is that Mick Fleetwood seems like a pretty nice guy , but the other three are self-absorbed jerks . Listen to the album again and again , but I recommend not wasting your time on this pointless and thoroughly uninteresting video .
 I 'm really upset with myself for not more closely reading the reviews that said there was n't music , just talking about the songs . I like the Fleetwood Mac , but not personally . I thought I was buying a concert performance with commentary . If you do n't get a preview , you do n't know what you 'll get .
 THIS IS A BLATANT CASE OF FALSE ADVERTISING THAT I 'VE EVER SEEN ! I 'M EXPECTING TO SEE FLEETWOOD-MAC PERFORMING ALL THE SONGS FROM THEIR ALBUM ` RUMORS ' -LRB- WHICH IS A GREAT PIECE OF WORK ! -RRB- . INSTEAD , ALL I SEE ARE THE RECORDING TECHNICIANS EXPLAINING HOW THEY MIXED THE VARIOUS SONGS , WHICH , BRINGS ME TO MY MAIN BEEF ... ONLY BITS AND PIECES OF THE SONGS ARE PLAYED . NONE OF THE SONGS WERE PLAYED IN THEIR ENTIRETY . ALSO , THE INTERVIEWS WITH THE BAND MEMBERS SEEMED TO FOCUS ON WHO HAD AN AFFAIR WITH WHOM AND WHY THE AFFAIR ENDED . WHO CARES ? I WANTED TO SEE F-M PERFORM AND WAS VERRRRRRY DISAPPOINTED WHEN THEY DID N'T . AT LEAST I HAVE MEMORIES OF TWO OF THEIR CONCERTS THAT I ATTENDED YEARS AGO .
 No one song complete , just short clips and explanations about the making of the album , nice but not for a dvd , at least in my humble opinion .
 The dvd is a documentory , alot of talking and very little music . I thought it was them in concert . Too much talking
 Well , I am among those who expected the basic performances along with the documentary , based on the packaging and the song titles listed in the text.I 'm glad so many people like it because that means I will have no trouble selling my copy.The sound quality did n't impress me , and the `` specially recorded '' versions of some songs told me only that the members have lost their voices . -LRB- offstage
 If you want to hear music , do n't purchase this video . Each song is quickly interrupted with current interviews of band members talking mostly of their failed romantic relationships during the recording of Rumours . This should be labeled a documentary , not a music video . The band members do talk about the music , and there are nice clips shot at Sausalito , California 's Record Plant showing how particular tracks were mixed . However , I believe using the Rumours album cover on the video packaging deceptively implies that it is a music video .
 Very disappointed with this DVD . Like I said above , if you want to view a rockumentary watch VH1 alot cheaper . Description very misleading .
 This DVD was advertised as part of the `` Classic Album Series '' ... It was not the album , however , just a series of films clips chronicling the history of the group Fleetwood Mac . Not at all what I expected or wanted . Returned it .
 I was very much disappointed with this album.I really did n't need to hear of all their problems in life.I did not purchase this album to hear them talk about themselves , I wanted to hear their music , which on this album there is very little . I am sending this album back to Amazon . Stay away if you are looking for music .
 Well what more can be said here than has ! But I must say I would rather listen to the old Fleetwood Mac . Lets face it , all the Fleetwood of later is nothing but more rumours . They all have the same things in common each and every record ! Sappy , mysical fakeness , single drum beats as if your hearts going to pop from your chest . On and on Fleetwood Mac goes , when they stop nobody knows ! I do know when they should stop ! NOW ! There is one track I heard the other day and yes I do n't know the name of it ... `` Thank God '' , but it will be easy to find out . They repeated the line over 100 times ! Name that tune ! I must admit they did write some great songs , but I do n't like hearing other peoples problems on record and I do n't see how their music will get someone who is on valuim through the day ! Do n't Stop about thinking of tomorrow ! Trust me I wo n't . If you want to hear a woman sing , listen to Blackmore 's Night , and she do n't do coke , Candence Night this woman can sing ! And speaking of a great guitar player ... Mr Blackmore knows the world and styles of mystical treatments ! Guess what ? The the Worlds still turning !
 I agree with other reviewers that suggest ` Rumours ` is among the 10 best albums ever made . I bought the album when it was first released on vinyl around 25 years ago and it 's since been one of the 3 of my most favourite albums . One thing that struck me when I first listened to the album apart from the musical experience was just how well produced the album was . I think the attention to sound quality made it an even more rewarding listening experience . This DVD / DVD-A version was sonically a little dissppointing for me to be honest . Yes it does sound clean and detailed but the dynamic nuances have been compressed in much the same way you here on FM radio , and possibly even more so . Listening to dynamic tracks such as ` The Chain ' or ` Gold Dust Woman ' , the compession , especially in the bass is almost laughable and a real let down compared with the normal cd release . I 'm not sure why it was remastered in this way , especially since the DVDA medium supposedly allows for improved dynamic resolution . There is no doubt in my mind that the original vinyl lp version of this album offered the best sound quality and ultmately the most rewarding experience musically . I was hoping that this DVDA release could recapture that but sadly not . If only these DVDA releases could be transfered directly from the original analogue master tapes without be stuffed around with . Now that would be great but it seems I 'm alone in the world in thinking that .
 Having seen `` The Dance '' before , I was totally disappointed . I was expecting at least the full songs from the CD , but it has only interviews with the band and commentaries . Also the picture quality on my dvd -LRB- I bought Region 2 -RRB- was just bad quality . Not worth buying .
 It 's disappointing to say the least . I 'm not sure what Suzzette Phillips is talking about in her review , but on my version the classic album rumors is n't on my dvd . -LRB- And nowhere on the disc or packaging does it say the album is contained on the disc . Possibly , there are two versions ? Anyway , 75 minutes of interviews about each song , and vintage footage each lasting about 15 to 30 seconds . Nothing new is on here that you have n't seen on any other documentary . It would be great if they played the vintage live selections in their entirety .
 I bought this hoping that the promised songs on the back of the box would be the videos or `` promotional short '' versions songs I had seen on the internet . They were floating around Windows Media player when they were promoting the re-release of Rumours with extras and demos . They were indeed the cuts I was looking for
 This item is not what you think it is . This video is only about the war , not on what horrors were done to the people in the camps . Except for history buffs and teachers , this would not be a good video just for viewing pleasure .
 If you want a low-tech , outdated , poorly produced micro-biography of Ralph Ellison that runs about 15 minutes -LRB- that 's right -- ignore the time posted above because it certainly is n't 30 -RRB- , then this may be what you are looking for .
 This is the most difficult kind of a review to write
 This interminable wannabe thriller set in Palm Beach and directed by Andy Wolk has many distinguishing features , none of them very good . Probably the best thing is Lorraine Bracco using her slow speech patterns to add character touches to her femme fatale role . However Wolk inexplicably does n't know what to do with her , and eventually she gets shunted to the side , so he can bore us with the labrynthine plot convolutions of a search for a serial killer who over-applies Yves St Laurent ruby red lipstick clown-like to his victims . Wolk miscasts James Belushi as a womanising detective , as if his bull manner and loud-voice would appeal to women , though since the victims are all women associated with Belushi , that may be motivation enough . Belushi is the kind of policeman that litters in the street and in his own home , and has a fondness for faux big band music - Dinah Washington slaughtering These Foolish Things . One wonders if making some swamp bad guys all overweight is an attempt to scale down Belushi 's own stockiness , and he pales next to Bracco in their scenes together , she making him look even more amateurish . The screenplay by Jim Piddock is full of impossible lines - `` In Palm Beach there are 3 lives
 would not buy it.Not worth the money.Did not tell me all the things that I could see in the cities.Would not recommend to anyone .
 Dreary Canadian hybrid of the gangster and stranger-in-strange-land themes that does n't work either as a shoot - 'em - up or as a more straightforward innocent abroad story.Judging by the intelligent interviews he 's given , neophyte director/writer apparently has a lot more going on in his head than ever reached the screen in this disappointing and disjointed debut.The story -LRB- what there is of it -RRB- is underdeveloped to the point of anorexia , the dialogue 's banal and the unsteady cinematography -- which should have opened up Toronto 's thriving expatriate Jamaican community -- conceals far more than it reveals.The only redeeming points are Peter Williams ' performance in the lead role -- with his chiselled good looks , magnetic screen presence and raw physicality , the writer/director 's brother is a * noir * Brando in the making -- and a soundtrack that consists largely of some great reggae oldies.Director Williams hoped to follow Soul Survivor with a sequel to the raw-edged Jamaican cult classic The Harder They Fall . Given that his grasp so obviously outstrips the reach of his talents , it 's perhaps best for all concerned that this plan fell through.That Stephen Williams is now toiling on bland , Canadian made-for-TV movies comes as no surprise . However , why his brother Peter has n't gone on to much better things is a mystery that Sherlock Holmes would be hard pressed to solve .
 Last year , the BBC produced an excellent 60-minute show titled , `` The Born Free Legacy '' . It was an excellent look at George and Joy Adamson and their pioneering work with animals , most notably -LRB- of course -RRB- Elsa the lioness . It lived up to its title of describing the world-changing effects `` Born Free '' has had . One of the most striking visual examples was of pictures children sent to Dr. Desmond Morris -- before Born Free , children saw lions as creatures behind bars , unhappy and fierce . After Born Free , they started drawing lions as happy animals living on vast plains . -LRB- None of this is in the 50-minute , completely altered PBS version of this show titled Elsa 's Legacy . -RRB- I have serious doubts about whether whoever scripted the PBS show ever read the book Born Free , or saw the movie . Repeatedly throughout the show , Born Free is referred to as a `` fairy tale '' and a `` myth '' . What is going on here?The PBS show also has a fascination with death , spending a long time on Virginia McKenna visiting Elsa 's grave , and on an emotional re-telling of George Adamson 's murder and funeral . But what 's most amazing is that PBS 's version says practically nothing about the `` legacy '' mentioned in the title.The BBC show , `` The Born Free Legacy '' , not only does not have these faults , it is overall a more realistic and compelling telling of the events that began over 50 years ago and continue to shape the world today.If the BBC ever releases `` The Born Free Legacy '' on DVD , THAT is the version of this show that is worth watching .
 Do yourselves a favor and DO NOT buy this DVD . I think ever since the UFC switched to a different DVD distributor , the quality of their DVD 's has gone through the floor . The picture is almost unwatchable because it is so blurry . I 'm amazed that they even release stuff that basically has bootleg quality . I bought this DVD to enjoy watching Silva/Franklin over and over and over again , but I started getting a headache two minutes into it . Stay away from this . The UFC needs to do something about this because it 's unacceptable for a company so successful to release such low quality garbage .
 Last year , I noticed a copy of this DVD on the shelf at my local Fry 's Electronics . I was intrigued by the title ; I thought `` ooooh ... a dark and creepy look at the mid-sixties LA music scene & how good ol' Brian Wilson sold his soul the the Devil in exchange for his songwriting gifts . Sounds fascinating ! '' . I knew that Manson -LRB- as a struggling musician with dubious talent -RRB- had played around the fringes of the aforementioned scene & that he had somewhat of a tangential tie to Dennis Wilson -LRB- via Terry Melcher -RRB- . As fate would have it , I did n't buy tBB & tS ; on that day , & I pretty much forgot about it.Yesterday , I found myself in the very same store & as I passed the DVD rack , there it was . `` I 'm not going to pass it up this time '' I told myself & I snapped it up.I got it home ... popped into the player ... & now all I have to say is , `` what a bloody disappointment ! '' . Suffice if to say that my above mentioned assumptions were nothing more that wishful thinking & apart from a brief mention of Melcher 's associations with Manson and Dennis Wilson , what you have here are two short documentaries , neither all that informative , that just happen to co-habitate the same disc.If you are familiar with the story of the Beach Boys & you 've read Helter Skelter , there 's really nothing new for you here . True , there was an informative look at Brian & his particular form of eccentricity ; & the claim that the Tate/Labianca hit might actually have been intended for Melcher and Mark Lindsey was a new one on me , but other than that ... yuck.As for me ... I 'm off to eBay to find a buyer for this & recoup at least SOME of my investment !
 I actually give this ZERO stars . But had to give it a star due to Amazon 's rules.The title is slightly misleading as it is not all about Wilson 's involvment with Manson . That 's just a part of it . And warning , that part contains explicit material if anyone cares to know . I know Brian Wilson is the brains behind the Beach Boys , but this documentary was predominantly about Brian . This should have been titled
 I was very eager to see a video of this outstanding woman , but I was very unhappy with the product . Dull . Two other items included on the video , but the part about Wells consisted of a person reading from a book . Get the book biography instead of this product -- a waste of money .
 I like Tina very much . I was extrememly dissapointed in this DTS version of the DVD . To my ears , the sound quality was plain at best . When I see DTS , I expect something special . I want to be able to say , WOW ! It let me down tremendously . Compared to `` Hell Freezes Over '' it ranks about a 2 and that 's being generous . It is WAY over priced!I played it once and never had the urge to play it again !
 Unfortunatelly the DVD is dissapointing for Tina 's fans . The show is fantastic , but both Dolby Digital and DTS version of this DVD have one of the worst sounds I ever heard . My subwoofer did n't move once while the tweeters of the front speakers nearly went on flames . More , the soundtrack was re-edited with sound taken from other concerts -LRB- that 's incredible - at one moment I swear that I heard the word Munchen despite the fact that the concert is in Amsterdam -RRB- . And , oh yes , the DVD is overpriced . Forget `` Amsterdam '' and do n't miss `` One Last Time in Concert '' as it has verry good sound quality and image . Not speaking abut the phantastic show ...
 Unfortunatelly the DVD is dissapointing for Tina 's fans . The show is fantastic , but both Dolby Digital and DTS version of this DVD have one of the worst sounds I ever heard . My subwoofer did n't move once while the tweeters of the front speakers nearly went on flames . More , the soundtrack was re-edited with sound taken from other concerts -LRB- that 's incredible - at one moment I swear that I heard the word Munchen despite the fact that the concert is in Amsterdam -RRB- . And , oh yes , the DVD is overpriced . Forget `` Amsterdam '' and do n't miss `` One Last Time in Concert '' as it has verry good sound quality and image . Not speaking abut the phantastic show ...
 Bought this DVD on the strength of the tape I had of the same concert broadcast on Showtime in the 90 's . Thought the concert should have won a Cable ACE award it was so good . Could n't wait to see the DVD version and when I heard the first vocals come out I could n't believe that they had overdubbed new vocals over the originals . What was one of the best concert videos that I had ever seen and heard was ruined by someone who thought he could improve on perfection . Do n't waste your money if you 've seen the original .
 I love Tina . Her music is the epitome of energizing soul-rock . We looked forward to this DTS version of her concert . We put it in , sat back , and after 5 minutes into the concert I was becoming agitated at what should be a great show . The music was great , but after 30 minutes I was going nuts . Then it dawned on me
 There is a huge dropoff in quality from Vol 1 . of the Whistle Test clips to this package , simply because there is a huge dropoff in the quality of the artists between the two volumes . Sorry , but Loggins and Messina , Average White Band , Jim Croce , Hall & Oates , Thomas Dolby and Simply Red just do n't match up to Bill Withers , Captain Beefheart , Talking Heads , XTC , Iggy Pop and the Specials . The commentary from the show 's hosts and the various musicians is still enjoyable and enlightening , as on the first collection , and this whole volume is almost made worthwhile simply for the stunning clip of the sublime Judee Sill sitting at the piano and painfully/beautifully singing her majestic ballad . And Jools Holland is a lot of laughs , both when talking about the Squeeze clip that is included and in the clip itself . So there 's some nice moments here , but I really do n't want to own anything that includes Loggins and Messina on it .
 The Old Grey Whistle Test hosted some incredibly groundbreaking FULL CONCERTS , two of which were the original Bob Marley and The Wailers , and Return To Forever -LRB- performing most of Romantic Warrior -RRB- . Bootlegs of many of these shows are available but were recorded from nth generation tapes . Any one of these classic full shows would have been a much better choice for release than this hit and miss -LRB- mostly miss -RRB- collection of singles . I 'm disappointed in this , and I believe they will be too once they see their sales numbers .
 In order to fit in advertising they left out one of the best performances that was on the British version of this disc that being of `` Be Bop Deluxe - Maid in Heaven '' . This is truly unbelievable to me . With all the garbage performances on this disc they left off the best one . This should be a crime.Be Bop Deluxe were a great British group that many , many Americans love . I know because I operate a website for them and the traffic there is overwhelming . I get dozens of emails asking about them each week . What annoys me is they were on the British version of this DVD , and if you check the Amazon.uk reviews it seems that everybody loved that performance . They also left of the performance of Stanley Clarke/George Duke Project - ` Schooldays ' which was also great . While they left off these great performances they left on Judee Sill ?! Who the heck EVER heard of her in America ?!!! There are some good performances on this disc but to leave off some of the best ones TO FIT IN USELESS BRITISH TV ADVERTISING is a crime.I recommend skipping this version of this DVD and getting the British version if your DVD player can play PAL DVD 's . That way you get ALL the performances that were originally on this compilation . I wonder when they release disc 3 are they going to leave off Robin Trower ? That 's right folks , Robin Trower is on Disc 3 but we 'll probably never see it here in America so they can fit in more BBC advertising . FRIGGIN ' IDIOTS !!!!
 The special effects of this film were wonderful -- no debate there -- but Armand Assante seems like he 's sleep-walking through this movie . It LOOSELY follows the poem at parts and suffers from a severe lack of passion ! Compare this film with the 1950 's `` Ulysses '' , which despite poor effects , had MUCH more passionate and inspired portrayals of the characters by Kirk Douglas and Anthony Quinn among others . Even the classic scene involving Argos the dog was ommitted from this modern creation . Ugh!On the flip side , Athena 's portrayal by Isabella Rossellini and the actor playing the god Mercury are very fun to watch in `` The Odyssesy '' . Still ... not enough to do the story justice .
 This movie was so bad that it was good . Almost everything seemed unrealistic , down to the sock puppet `` Scylla '' and the blatantly fake backgrounds . The music was redundant and annoying and the actors could n't act worth -LSB- anything -RSB- . It also completely messed up the actual poem , which is scary because more people will see this movie than will read the book . Here are some things to look for the next time you see this movie :1 . Scylla looks like a sock puppet Venus fly trap2 . Telemachos sounds like a whiny English schoolboy3 . They skipped the entire cow seen4 . All of the shades in Hades are transparent except for Odysseus ' mother and Teiresias .5 . Odysseus 's beard keeps changing color6 . The Cyclops ' eye blinks so much that it looked like it was talking .7 . All of the actors have different accents8 . Athena had blue eyes and Menelaus had black hair .9 . Aiolos , the wind god , appears as a face in a waterfall and sounds like Face from Nick Jr. 10 . Penelope looks like she is ... ahem ... pleasuring herself on the shores of Ithaca in the middle of the night11 . The entire movie felt like an expedient of random scenes put together with glue with no clear transitions between any of the scenes.Okay I am done now ...
 I watched this movie this year after I read the book . The movie switches the story a lot and the acting is very dissapointing - the actors of Odysseus , Penelope and Telemachus , the main parts are not very talented . I would show this to a child to give them a taste of the Odyssey , but if you have read the book or are planning to , watching this will ruin the flavor of the Odyssey .
 The origional creater of The Odyssey , Homer , did a wonderful job producing an action-packed story where you cared about the characters and made you eager to know what would happen next . Thousands of years later , when TVs are in existence , we fail at telling the same story with his exuberance . The motion picture depiction of Homer 's work is a lame collection of attempted action scenes that does nothing to keep the watcher entertained throughout this movie . The human characters along with those mythical creatures they encounter respond to events without using common sense that anyone with half a brain would use . Despite all that , assuming the plot and the logic of the characters entertained you enough to keep your eyes open during the movie , you 'd realize how all the actors seem undecided on what accent to use or even how to pronounce the names of the others . While Penelope pronounces her son 's name TelEmakhos , Menelaos is saying TeleMAKhos . Not many movies this bad are for sale ; you have one of a kind right here .
 The origional creater of The Odyssey , Homer , did a wonderful job producing an action-packed story where you cared about the characters and made you eager to know what would happen next . Thousands of years later , when TVs are in existence , we fail at telling the same story with his exuberance . The motion picture depiction of Homer 's work is a lame collection of attempted action scenes that does nothing to keep the watcher entertained throughout this movie . The human characters along with those mythical creatures they encounter respond to events without using common sense that anyone with half a brain would use . Despite all that , assuming the plot and the logic of the characters entertained you enough to keep your eyes open during the movie , you 'd realize how all the actors seem undecided on what accent to use or even how to pronounce the names of the others . While Penelope pronounces her son 's name TelEmakhos , Menelaos is saying TeleMAKhos . Not many movies this bad are for sale ; you have one of a kind right here .
 i was pretty excited when i saw they made a movie out of the myth . and like most myths made into movies , they ruined it . Odysseus does not leave for war the same day his son is born , his son is crawling when they come for him and he feigns madness by sowing his fields with salt . Telemachus is placed before him CRAWLING , and that is how it is revealed that he is not mad . babies do n't crawl their first day . also Penelope is a lot younger than him , yet in the movie the actress portraying her has crow 's feet and noticeable wrinkles . she was a child bride as was the custom in those days . Odysseus does not appear to rule a kingdom in the movie , rather he seems to be reigning over an overlarge farm . the gods and goddesses are possessed of terrible beauty , only Callisto -LRB- Vanessa Williams -RRB- fits the bill . Athena is a tall blond grey eyed beautiful warrior goddess clad in armor , not a homely short brunette with green eyes dressed like a housewife . Odysseus 's men are a joke . Hermes has his beauty but appears to be floating about in a diaper . the `` ship '' is yacht sized . Circe the goddess is just as homely as Athena . and when Odysseus finally returns his wife was supposed to test him with a comment that she had moved the bed -LRB- built on the tree -RRB- , to see if he is not an impostor , not swoon and faint into his arms.and where were the Sirens ... ?
 The origional creater of The Odyssey , Homer , did a wonderful job producing an action-packed story where you cared about the characters and made you eager to know what would happen next . Thousands of years later , when TVs are in existence , we fail at telling the same story with his exuberance . The motion picture depiction of Homer 's work is a lame collection of attempted action scenes that does nothing to keep the watcher entertained throughout this movie . The human characters along with those mythical creatures they encounter respond to events without using common sense that anyone with half a brain would use . Despite all that , assuming the plot and the logic of the characters entertained you enough to keep your eyes open during the movie , you 'd realize how all the actors seem undecided on what accent to use or even how to pronounce the names of the others ...
 Out of all the movies I have seen that were made from books , this was the most terrible one I have ever beheld . I noticed a few things , but i am not going to say ones already mentioned cuz that would just be too repetetive : -- According to Homer 's `` The Odyssey '' , most of the community was either incredibly buff , or wholly attractive . None of these were represented in the movie . All of the men were like little skinny rats . Crass , pusillanimous milliners . Some of the women were nauseating ! Instead of fresh and striking , most of them looked dark , and many with wrinkles and other ... features . -- Another minus to the movie was the special effects . If the special effects had a scent , it would smell like
 originally i would give this horrible dipiction of The Odyssey 1 star , but because of one of the last scenes where ugly t -LRB- telemachus -RRB- threw two spears at once , i give it two stars . Everything was horrible to my opinion . The accents kept changing everything . If you read the book before you watched the movie , you would thinkt hat this was all a joke . So if anything just read the book by itself . So two stars for two stars thrown by ugly T
 I have never been so disgusted -LRB- or sickenly entertained -RRB- by a movie before . I am one of the few who have ACTUALLY read the ODYSSEY . I did like the poem . After reading it , I decided to watch the movie . There were almost NO accurate allusions at all to the poem . The characters ' acting skills were that of an elementary school kids , and the scenes were obviously fake . I feel bad for Homer , he must be spinning in his grave . The fact that got 4 out of 5 stars is most appalling . I feel sorry for humanity as it is , believing such -LSB- nonsense -RSB- is the work of Homer .
 the movie was pretty bad , but i would think that honors kids would be original enough to write their own reviews . alice 's was good , those were her words , but kayla , jana ... we were all there when noteboom said what you wrote and you 're taking credit for it ? please !
 Yes , this is another review , held in honor of the great , almighty , Mr. Noteboom . Yes . Take the name seriousely , Mr. cmndrnineveh , not all of us were lucky enough to be born with enviable names . I think you 'd agree?Basically , this movie poorly portrays a classic . Has the producer actually read the Odyssey , because sometimes , Cliffs Notes just wo n't cut it ... Some fine details were left out of the story . For an example , the -LRB- quoted from the Odyssey -RRB- `` red haired king Menelaos , '' does n't have red hair . I understand that Menelaos wants to make a fashion statement , but lets stick to the storyline , eh?Other than that , Telemachos ' mighty double spear throw-that-never-was , though not accurate , as was mentioned earlier , has made Telemachos a laughingstock at our school . Eh , he beats the suitors and their `` interesting '' hairstyles : PWell , not much of a movie , a great book , Noteboom is god.By the way , I think Amazon might want to add a new zero star option , just for this movie .
 Watching this movie after having read the book is pretty much hell . The fact that they changed the whole plot from the book makes it seem like a joke . Then the `` special effects '' just made it even worse . Even if you have n't read the book and you do n't know the real story , the movie was still horribly directed and filmed . There are no transitions , and the actors do n't seem to realize they are all in one movie together . They all have their own accents and the only thing they have in common with the characters they are playing from the book is their names . The only reason anyone should ever watch this movie is out of complete boredom and a need to make fun of something .
 This was the biggest piece of drunken hoopla in the WORLD ! I ca n't believe people would actually take time out of their daily schedule to watch this ! If you actually read The Odyssey , the movie is NOTHING like the real thing . I STRONGLY suggest that you read the book first . Well , anyways , no one is going to read this review thus rendering this review useless and something to clutter the internet even more than it already is . I AM THE ANTICRHIST !
 The origional creater of The Odyssey , Homer , did a wonderful job producing an action-packed story where you cared about the characters and made you eager to know what would happen next . Thousands of years later , when TVs are in existence , we fail at telling the same story with his exuberance . The motion picture depiction of Homer 's work is a lame collection of attempted action scenes that does nothing to keep the watcher entertained throughout this movie . The human characters along with those mythical creatures they encounter respond to events without using common sense that anyone with half a brain would use . Despite all that , assuming the plot and the logic of the characters entertained you enough to keep your eyes open during the movie , you 'd realize how all the actors seem undecided on what accent to use or even how to pronounce the names of the others . While Penelope pronounces her son 's name TelEmakhos , Menelaos is saying TeleMAKhos . Not many movies this bad are for sale ; you have one of a kind right here .
 The origional creater of The Odyssey , Homer , did a wonderful job producing an action-packed story where you cared about the characters and made you eager to know what would happen next . Thousands of years later , when TVs are in existence , we fail at telling the same story with his exuberance . The motion picture depiction of Homer 's work is a bad collection of attempted action scenes that does nothing to keep the watcher entertained throughout this movie . The human characters along with those mythical creatures they encounter respond to events without using common sense that anyone with half a brain would use . Despite all that , assuming the plot and the logic of the characters entertained you enough to keep your eyes open during the movie , you 'd realize how all the actors seem undecided on what accent to use or even how to pronounce the names of the others . While Penelope pronounces her son 's name TelEmakhos , Menelaos is saying TeleMAKhos . Not many movies this bad are for sale ; you have one of a kind right here .
 I teach Homer 's `` The Odyssey '' to high school students , and I also teach at Rutgers University in the Modern Greek Studies Program . Using this movie as a teaching aid to the reading of Homer 's epic story is frustrating . There are countless errors between the epic and the movie . Apparently , those that worked on the script of this film thought they could improve upon an epic piece of literature that has stood the test of time for 3000 years . What arrogance ! I used this film to have discussions with my students about why they thought the film makers changed so many things from the book . It is appalling to see how erroneous this film is from Homer 's glorious epic . For example , Anticleia , the mother of Odysseus , is depicted as committing suicide in the film . The book says she died from her sorrow of waiting for Odysseus ' return . The scene with Telemachos , Odysseus ' son , visiting King Menelaos in Sparta in the film has Menelaos telling Telemachos that his father is dead and that he should go home . In the book , Telemachos finds out from Menelaos that his father is alive and held as a prisoner on Calypso 's island . Telemachos also does not go home from Sparta until the goddess Athena goes to Sparta to tell him to go home in Book 15 . In the slaughter of the suitors scene in the film , Telemachos kills the suitor Antinoos first . No ! Odysseus kills Antinoos first . Also , during the slaughter of the suitors , Penelope is upstairs sleeping in the book , but in the film she is awake waiting in another room . These are just four examples of many from a film that deviates blatantly from the original . Anyone who gives this film a high rating simply does not know the Odyssey epic well enough to realize just how horrendously inaccurate this movie is . It is a shame that with all the special effects and the talented actors and actresses in this film -LRB- including the great Irene Papas -RRB- that the film fails so miserably .
 Yes , yes the movie was bad , really bad , so bad that if Homer was still alive to see it , he would be doing something similar to the TV that Mr. N does when he watches Boston Public . But how bad it was is beside the point . Who really cares if some of the people in our class are writing Mr. N 's ideas on here . If I were him , I would be flattered to know that people beleived strongly enough in my ideas to take the time to write about it on amazon.com . To everyone who wrote a review on this horrific movie , and didnt criticize other people 's reviews , good for you . I hope in the future we can all express our disgust with this movie without having our competency as an honors student questioned by someone who wo n't even tell us who they are . But until then , Lizzie Mcguire is on -LRB- hehehe -RRB- so I must be going . I 'll see you all periods 1/2 . - Andrew
 I 've seen better movies on The All News Channel . Odysseus was played very well , but his part was boring . As well as the rest of the movie . Scylla looks like 1930 's cartoons.I drew better stuff in 1st grade.Every single scene looks so fake it is n't even funny . I can probably get more entertainment watching an earthworm . I would not recommend this to anyone young or old . This movie is n't worth a penny in my book !
 I do n't see why the producers bothered making this movie . It adds nothing to the Kirk Douglas version of Ulysses made in 1955 , besides a few limited CGI effects . Even Douglas 's beard was preferable to Assante 's mullet hairstyle in this version . This has stripped out all of the sex and most of the violence that is in the original Homer.What we have here is a TV movie made in 4x3 format back in 1997 , but finally released on DVD in 2004 to cash in on the ` TROY ' blockbuster . It was made to be acceptable to the US TV market , but I suspect the production team was European.To my knowledge , there has yet to be a good film/TV adaptation of the Odyssey . The best dramatisation so far is a recent audiobook dramatisation by the BBC starring Tim McInerney .
 This comes close to being the worse piece of garbage it has ever been my privilege to view . The acting ... HORRENDOUS !!! CGI ... poorly done . Do yourself a favor and watch the Roman version of the Odyssey ... Ulysses with Kirk Douglas . It may be an oldie , but it 's definitely an absolute goodie !!
 I totally agree with andrew ... and by the way , people who dont know any of us and dont really know whats going on ... please dont waste your time with this movie ... you 're better off watching old reruns of whos the boss ... even though im deprived of cable and wouldnt know ... most of you probably know who this is
 My Odyssey reviewI didnt like the move the move &Ograve;The Odyssey&Oacute; . The move was very long . I do not tend to focus well on historical movies . They dont hold my attention . There were too many hard names to remember between the names of the people and all the different Gods . Odeseus went off to fight for ten years right after his son was born . He didnt return until his son was a young man . He fought in the Trojan War . They hid the Trojan horse and when the enemy was drunk they left the horse and killed their enemy . Odesseus told the Gods that man had defeated the enemy without the help of the Gods . The Gods told Odesseus he would be punished and not able to go home he didnt give the Gods their credit for the war . When Odesseus was sailing back to Ithica the Gods created a huge storm and blew him further out to sea . He and his crew met with many adventures and he did not return to Ithica until his son was much older . When he did return home he had to fight the men who had tried to take over his kingdom .
 the special effects sucked and we 've seen good special effects and the special effects in the odessy were crap and in comparison to a lot of movies we 've seen it was pretty crap . it was realy BORING ! -LRB- ... -RRB- we 've seen and weve seen heaps of them and some of them were realy gory over all COULDA BEEN BETTA !!!!!
 This movie was the epitome of , well , everything wrong with movies . It took the premise of adapting Homer 's literary classic and completely butchered it into this ... osbstrocity . With acting that would pale in comparison to an elementary school play , a script that would make Ed Wood blush , and some of the words special effects ever , it truly makes me sad for humanity.The one good point is that it makes for some great `` in '' jokes . Telemakhos 's double spear throw has become a running gag at my school .
 Intoxicated , I had just finished The Iliad and The Odyssey . I came to the conclusion that I still hold , that Homer is one of the greatest poets of all time , -LRB- and to his merit , I deduce this from a translation , and even very good translation saps a massive percentage of goodness from almost any poetry -RRB- . Then , a few days later , upon entrance into the incandescent crucible of Freshman English class , we started `` studying '' the Odyssey , and to the stupid pleasure of my classmates , our teacher in her benevolence announced that we would be watching this piece of worthless crap supplementing our piecemeal `` study '' of the Odyssey . I was skeptical , but I could not have been prepared for the ensuing blasphemy . I am not inclined to waste my time recalling every freakish perversion of plot , travesty of drama as an art form , embarrassment to the special effects crew , and overall mockery of Homer that this film contained , but let it suffice to say that there was not one well done instant in the whole film , not one moment that gave me anything akin the orgasmic mythopoeic thrill I encountered in the poem itself.This is not to say that I did not enjoy the film - far from it . During the few minutes when my head was not hooded and submerged under my desk , during the hilarious moments when my ears were not frantically plugged , I had about as much comic relief to the perdition of high school as a boy can ask for . After hearing Aelous , I relished thoughts of mutilating the `` brains '' behind this catastrophe . And I suppose I have a soft spot for patently fake gore and cheesy pseudo-Gothic atmospheres of `` terror '' , and the Scylla scene pandered to that . I pretended I was watching Monty Python and the Holy Grail , and enjoyed myself . I LOVE crappy special effects !! I was shocked to learn that this was made in 1997 . I truly believed this was made in the 60 's . Homer , I praise thee , and maybe I shall avenge thy memory .
 This film has nothing to do with Homer 's epic , save that the names of the characters are kept as well as the bare outline of the story . Book 9 -LRB- The cylcops episode -RRB- perhaps he greatest book of the poem is reduced to -LSB- junk -RSB- -LRB- oh by the way Odysseus does not kill Hector - Achillles does -RRB- . And Achilles would never lead his men into a cave and steal food in the first place , Anyway the poem among many other things explores the nature of KLEOS -- -LRB- reknown -RRB- and Odysseus 's kleos does not fit any of he conventional definitions . 1 He is a Bowman -LRB- not pictured in the film -RRB- -- which means he gets to fight behind the lines of the hoplites 2 He is self-serving -- almost hubristic as he himself reveals in Books 9-12 the longest sustained 1st person narration in epic -LRB- Virgil ties to copy it -RRB- 3 He constantly gets his shipmates into trouble -LRB- not a great commander -RRB- . He is a liar and the opposite of the traditional Greek Hero -LRB- This is why Ajax turns his back on him in the underworld -RRB- He is however a great storyteller -- and that itself is a kind of KLEOS . The language of Book 9 is so replete with puns and formulae whose natures become ironically charged coming from Odysseus mouth , that it is one of the most subtle exploations of tradition ever composed . One -LRB- and this includes Sophocles -RRB- does not know what do make of him -- do we admire him or hate him ? He is finally sui generis which is why he has been depicted in so many ways throuhout history . This is the CORE of the poem -- a center which the film ignores . For a good rendition of the Odyssey watch O Brother Where art Thou ? Or read Joyce 's ULYSSES .
 After reading the book , this movie seemed like a bad joke . Reading reviews about the movie giving the book justice is even funnier . Somebody obviously did n't read the book.Think it 's a good action movie ? If you want gore , read chapter 22 -LRB- I think -RRB- in the book . Or the cyclop 's scene.Good special effects ? I 'd almost agree , other than the faces . Aiolos , Poseidon , and the Cyclops ' faces all looked very similar . If you notice , while the cyclops is talking , his mouth does not form the words , it merely opens and closes.And the aciting . AHHHHHH . The accents did n't even match up between Penelope and her son Telemachos . Odysseus , Penelope , and Telemachos all sounded completely different . Of course , Odysseus 's accent changed every few scenes , so who can blame his family for not keeping up?Oh yes , back to similarities with the book . When Telemachos visits Menelaos , the chapter is titled `` The Red Haired King and His Lady '' the Menelaos of the movie had black hair , not red . Oh yes , and his beard was n't the same color as his freakishly-fake ringlets . Similarly , Athena was mentioned time and time again in the book as `` the grey eyed goddess ... '' . Athena of the movie had blue eyes.I could keep going , but I wo n't . If you still think this was a good depiction of Homer 's The Odyssey , get therapy . Serious therapy .
 As a Detroit Red Wings fan , I must say that I loved this version of the Odyssey ! This special effects were absolutly wonderful , and I must say I love the acting , some of the best i 've ever seen in my life , almost better than sergey federov acting to get hit to draw a high sticking call ! There was more action than Chelios misses checks ! Oh , and there were more holes in this movie than Curtis Joseph leaves in his net . This movie was wodderful
 NBC miniseries tells the tale of the Greek hero Odysseus , played flatly by Armand Assante . Boring adventure film features unlikeable characters , routine action scenes , and a lack of spirit and passion . This all builds up to a surprisingly very bloody conclusion -LRB- Given its TV roots -RRB- . * 1/2 out of *****
 Everything about this movie was baaadddd ... From the everchanging accents , the fake special effects -LRB- the cyclops looked so fake that it took away from the movie -RRB- , the movie was so flawed that it became more entertaining to look for the flawed parts than actually watch the movie . Yeah , this movie sucked .
 ... you would have noticed how horrible the allusions are in this crap-that-calls-itself-a-movie . The characters were simply annoying ; Telemakhos , the whiny school boy that cries whenever he does n't get his way , creepy Athena , who 's eyes are SUPPOSED to be gray , Penelope , who obviously has a more pleasureful time on the water on the beach than with her husband , and of course Odysseus , who would make me weep if he was my captain . The sets looked as if elementary school kids put them together , Scylla was a sock-puppet , and the shades were just sad . I have never in my life seen such crap and I hope you wo n't fall for these other 4-star reviews that make me want to PUKE !
 Like reviewer Jueichi Shen who said it felt like it took him the length of the Odyssey itself to watch it , I thought this movie was agonizingly long at 3 hours and 38 minutes . I will never watch it again , so this one is headed for the public library and a status of tax deduction . Good special effects , though hence my 2-star rating .
 I already know that I will love the movie . The problem is , shpping is and always has been a deceit . Even f you pay for next day -LRB- Prime Member -RRB- , you will not get it on time . There is no other solution for law-abiding people .
 if you have read and liked the book , or know anything about the story , this movie would certainly want to make you want to kill yourself . odysseus is portraid as rugged , stupid barbarian who is nothing like the hero Homer described him as . the special effects are n't too uplifting either , although it was a pretty low budget film . all of the events in the movie are nothing like in the book ; it was as thought the writer 's had never even read it !!! bad acting , cheesy special effects , and a completely inaccurate plot make Hallmark 's version of the odyssey one of the worst movies to ever come out of a classic novel . in conclusion , i 'd rather go to Hades than watch this movie !
 I have seen this movie before , and was looking to buy it to show in my classroom , but ... why the heck is it $ 99 ? It 's good , but not THAT good !
 I teach The Odyssey , and let me tell you , this movie does NOT reflect the book well , if you 're watching it for testing purposes -LRB- and I know you are ! -RRB- However , I DO show selected scenes -LRB- out of sequence because the movie is out of sequence -RRB- just because my students think it 's fun . WHEN will a GOOD version be made ??? I had such hopes for Troy , and meh ... My students ' favorite part is the inexplicable arm action of the guard who announces `` Tele-machos of Ithaka ! '' Scenery WILL be chewed - even the usually OK Greta Scacci comes off rather poorly .
 It is extremely sad that Hallmark Entertainment has not realized that hard of hearing and deaf people need closed captioning to understand the product they are marketing . If they have realized this , then they obviously could care less about disabled people of any kind .
 haha ... wow this is one of those movies that is so completly bad that its funny . ok 1st of all Odysseus accent changes in almost every scene . 2nd penelope pronounces telemachos different than Odysseus . 3rd telemachos sounds like a whiney english boy . 4th posiedon `` the god of the wine dark sea '' is a face in a wave . 5th anitkleia is just freaky . 6th Odysseus beard changes color . 7th the cow scene wasnt even in there . 8th THEY NEVER LET PENELOPE HAVE HER REVENGE ! 9th telemachos cant do any thing but then amazingly he can throw 2 spears at once . 10th Aoilos sounds like a cartoon . 11th the characters are all supposed to be bueatiful but they are all ugly ... and i can go on . NOTEBOOMS 1/2 ROX ! haha SPACE NEEDLE !
 If this movie were worse -LRB- and if it COULD be -RRB- there would undoubtedly be an unhealthy number of premature deaths ... . First of all , there 's Poseidon . This CG bill shut is an outrage to humanity . His rolling waveface accompanied by Assanti 's pitiful attempt to weep provides an outstanding performance which may -LRB- being optimistic -RRB- top the emotion found in a dramatic episode of Mr. Rogers . I am certain that if poor old -LRB- really old -RRB- Homer were given a second life to live in this century , he would probably waste it by inflicting himself with chimera . With all due respect , though none is due , this film is pathetic . That 's all I have to say . Just DO N'T watch this movie before -LRB- or even after -RRB- you read the book , unless you wish to perish at an unnaturally early stage in life !!!!!!!! GOODBYE !!!!!!!!
 This movie was very boaring . I really didnt enjoy it at all . It was to gory . I just dont enjoy when people kill . I also dont enjoy when people dress like old stone age , and dont enjoy the anceint times they were rough and crewl times . The movie the odyssey took place in Greece back thousands of years ago when there was such things as mythical creatures . I really dont enjoy things like that others might . Although , there is a part I did like . I enjoyed the part of the movie when calypso -LRB- Venessa Williams -RRB- kept odysseus on the island for two years she nor her maids had not seen a man for 100 years . I thought that was very interesting . The other parts of the muvie confuse me and the names confuse me such as
 I have a vision of Hell.There I am , sitting quietly . And before me is a huge TV screen . And I am condemned to watch this movie for the rest of my days.It 's not so much that this movie completely deviated from the plot of Homer 's epic poem . It DID do that . It 's not so much the fake , fake effects . They were fake . It 's not so much the ridiculous , farcical acting . Which it was , much to my dismay -LRB- I admire Irene Papas very much but she was simply pulled under by the miserable script -RRB- . It 's not even so much the ridiculous costumes . And they were ridiculous . It is most definitely the script that it the final insult . The weak , weak script barely managed to hold together any semblance of a plot.The casting ? Absolutely ridiculous . Bernadette Peters as a seductress ? The same woman who was the witch in Into the Woods?And Telemachus ? The worm with a unibrow ? If that man is good-looking then I weep for the male gender.Poseidon appearing in the waves ? Like the Wizard of OZ ? And Aiolos the wind god as a portly , obnoxious little voluptuary from Brooklyn ? No matter how hard you hurl a spear , the people you hit with it WILL NOT FLY INTO THE AIR AND STICK TO THE WALL . The last movie that was as bad as this was Dragonheart . As the final scene ended , and the credits began to roll , I felt violated . I felt more violated still as I realized that Francis Ford Coppola was responsible for this miserable , painful , heart-wrenching movie . The same man who gave us the Godfather raped us with this piece of excrement ??? True , he did make the Godfather III , but that pales in comparison to the extreme BADNESS of this movie .
 Armand Assante is one of the worst actors I have ever had the misfortune to watch . He could not act dead if you put a bullet in his brain . The odyssey is a great story and it deserves a great actor . I would rate this movie zero stars if I had the option .
 ... . You actually enjoyed a movie , so steeped in inaccuracy and cheap special effects ? Of course the movie will never be as good as the book , however , this goes entirely beyond that . The producers of this movie should be glad that Homer is long dead because I can assure you he , and any other Ancient Greek for that matter , would wreak absolute hell on them . As a lover of Greek Mythology , I was grossly appalled and frankly , I was offended that the makers of this movie believed I was dumb enough to take this movie as what The Odyssey was truly about . We the audience deserve a higher standard of entertainment and if not that at least the consideration to leave the foundation of Western literature to stand alone . If this rating gives anyone even the slightest clue of how I feel , then my point has been well conveyed . If you 've never seen this movie , I have several things for you to consider before doing so . First , do n't read the book , or prepare to be as outraged as I was at the misinformed atrocities so readily displayed as fact in the movie . Second , you must be able to appreciate hand-me-down special effects and budget cuts because that 's all you 're going to see in this film . Last , if you have n't read the book do n't take this movie as fact and a correct representation because looking at the movie objectively , it does not follow the book accurately . Choose wisely before renting this movie and think hard about whether or not you want to subject your innocent children to watching Hollywood destroy the story on which it was built . Thank you , read the Honors Kids ' reviews for further detail on the book compared to the movie.P.S . It has been considered immature to mock another for their name , Mr. C. , and you are certainly no one to talk . You disgrace Pennsylvania in your lack of tolerance for other people 's differences . Maybe you should get out more often and find out just how many people have last names different than your own . Oh and by the way you have just been taught the simple lesson of manners from the point of view of a fifteen year-old girl . Does this say anything ?
 Ok , first of all Mr.Cmndrnineveh from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania USA I find it very hard to believe that you even read the full book version of THE ODYSSEY . God knows if you did you wouldnt be madly in love with this made-for-TV movie THE ODYSSEY . Personally i think the only ppl this movie does good too are druggies and wanna-be drop outs who dont want to read the book or buy the cliff notes so they watch the movie . its absolutley horrible . Mr. Noteboom is a very bright and brillant honors teacher in Washington state . I must say i agree with every honor student 's last year review of this book . To the point where Telemachous was whiny and horrible ; Athena had blue eyes ; and Menelaos ' hair is black . All i got ta say is what a waste of film ! Ppl out there - spare yourself .
 Okay , I may or may not have some original things to point out about this movie . First off the only reason I gave it one star -LRB- besides the fact you ca n't give it zero -RRB- is because it was wikid funny because of how stupid it was , and because Mr. Noteboom did the Telemachos voice -LRB- cranky , whiny , english school boy voice -RRB- . Alright , Poseidon , the `` god of the wine-dark sea '' creative use of quotes from Homers smash hit epic , but still very stupid . A rolling face on a wave that does n't crash for three minutes ... NO BAAAAAAD . Lets see theres Scylla , I am helping to make a better Scylla then the one in the movie ... well it was n't that bad ... but still ours is better . Then there was the whole thing with Charybdis being AFTER Scylla , instead of beside it , I mean , it ... kinda ruins a bit of the effect . I would also like to quote Mr. Noteboom and say that when you are begging for Odysseus ' men to be sucked up by Charbdis ... sumthing is drastically wrong ! I have to admit Aeleous is awesome , but he is dipicted way wrong , hes still awesome though . Oh and what about Penelope testing Odysseus , that is so great , and they did n't even put it in there . Finally , how do I put this lightly ... I ca n't they need to learn to pronounce names the same EVERY Time , it bugs me when all of a sudden Telemachos is being pronounced Telemacus and then telemauchos ... just aint doin it for me . Also theres this big burly greek warrior just getting back from the Trojan war , and hes using phrases like `` rosy fingertipped dawn '' and all of these poetic terms ... lets just say he must feel very secure in his manlyhood . Anyway horrible movie , do n't watch it expecting to be seeing what goes on in the book in a good way . If you want a good laugh and to be able to complain that they totally DID NOT do justice to the book , watch it ... maybe you 'll be able to get a few laughs . See ya 'll lata !
 I bought this one because its excellent review of another customer . Picture format is only in 4:3 which is ashame . Though the quality of the picture is good . Good encoding , beautifull skin tones . Pitty the lightning director is not that creative and used that awfull backlights with gobo 's . The sound is in AC-3 5.1 dolby , but never impressing , and with low dynamics . It 's the regular TV-mix we hear , it 's not remixed for dolby 5.1 with it 's extra dynamics and LFE output.I feel the band is average . The directors cut is not more than an average TV-special . All the way , would n't recommend it .
 Having seen both versions , the first with Peck as Ahab , I would have to lean towards the original . The new version with Patrick Stewart had it 's moments , but Peck as Father Maple looked like he was in a daze and did n't know where he was -LRB- or who he was -RRB- Peck 's performance was rather disturbing . The actor who played Quee-Queg in this newer version was more like a cartoon . The actor in the 1950 's version was far more convincing.Patrick Stewart was n't a bad choice for Ahab , but to me it was more like Stewart PLAYING AHAB v.s. BEING THE CHARACTER . I kept expecting him to shout `` ENGAGE '' rather than `` THERE SHE BLOWS '' . For students of the book , the original 1950 version was closer to the text . This new version had far too many added bits for the purist . If you enjoy remakes , -LRB- I do n't know why -RRB- then go for it . If you are a stickler for detail , pass it
 So disappointing ! How could a movie made 40 years later be so much worse than the original ? Patrick Stewart was great as Ahab but that 's where the compliments end . The rest of the characters are played by rank amateurs or completely miscast . The whaling scenes are worse than the original ones and the ice-breaking scene was almost comical . I was glad to see the actors put out of their misery at the end .
 Did n't anyone on the set say , `` You know , that whale 's tail is retarded ! '' ? Moby Dick as a pure adventure story . How sad . Did n't anyone read the book ? The deviations in this movie from the book are profound and completely dismast the story 's importance . The director seems terrified of injecting mood and irony into his narration . His direction was uncreative and uninspired . What a waste.Then there are all the sad details . For instance , sorry folks , Queequeg was not Maori . Wrong culture . Yes , believe it or not , the Pacific is full of very different cultures and Maori does not fit the Queequeg character . It 's like making Ahab French . I preferred the 1956 Queequeg . Even though he was obviously a white actor , at least his character was indeterminate -- as a character from Moby Dick should be . Moby Dick is not a simple adventure story with straightforward characters . And finally , why was this movie so afraid of doing the ending the way Melville conceived it ? Probably because they were so deathly afraid of complicated meaning . Please , respect and dignify your audience with something more challenging . We can handle it.Ted Levine as Starbuck and Hugh Keyes-Burne as Stubb were good cast decisions . The young actor playing Pip did a great job too . Those three , the carpenter and some of the other minor character actors belonged on the boat . The rest should have been thrown overboard , not necessarily for lack of talent , but for being the wrong person for the part . Stewart did n't pull off Ahab . It was a commendable attempt , but he did n't have the focus and moodiness necessary for the part . Stewart is British . That fact still rings through . Ahab in his soul is American . That 's one of the major themes of the story . They should stay as close to foundations as possible . Just because he was the commander of the Starship Enterprise should n't make him top choice for Captain Ahab.Henry Thomas was too nice and innocent . Ishmael was the narrator of Moby Dick and the narration of Moby Dick is full of profound insight , intelligence , humor , wit , and biting sarcasm . Ishmael was a character , at least he said so , who could be prone to running around town knocking the hats off people 's heads , and he was also not the landlubber this movie portrays him as . He 'd been to sea before as a sailor . Why change these kind of details ? What were they so afraid of ? This movie trashes everything important in the book , including the little details.But besides that whale 's tail , the movie had some good historical recreations that made it worth getting two stars . Now I want to get ahold of a copy of the 1978 version . I read elsewhere that the Ahab portrayal is pretty good in that one . Making a movie of `` Moby Dick , '' though , seems to be as hopeless as hunting the White Whale . I doubt anyone will ever take us on a true brooding Melvillian Nantucket sleigh ride . In the hands of the right talent , though , there 's very fertile ground in Moby Dick for a very creative cinematic experience . It 's waiting for someone with the highest caliber of talent and insight . Anyone else should lay their hands off it .
 If you want to see a movie of Moby Dick , see the John Huston directed version , with screenplay by Ray Bradbury . This pitiful excuse for a movie was made by people who had no knowledge of New England , whaling , whales , or Herman Melville 's epic novel . The grand poetry , the vivid imagery , the theological symbolism which fill `` Moby Dick '' are all missing in this shell of a film . Even Stewart 's performance is a disappointment -- Khan in Star Trek II does a better job of spouting Ahab 's venom than Stewart 's anemic portrayal.The additions to the story are meaningless -LRB- Chinese harpooners , Queequeg 's `` BLAH ! '' noises , Ahab 's family -RRB- ... and the omissions are puzzling -LRB- Elijah -RRB- . And the rubber whale -- who is unscarred , unmarked by corkscrew harpoons , ungrizzled , unbarnacled , with no flight of gulls -- well , he looks like a rubber whale .
 The tragedy of this film is that , as Patrick Stewart intones in the supplementary material , the vast majority of those seeing it will never read the book . Stewart implies that that is a good thing , and if the film were an artistically and factually valid adaptation of the novel , that would be true . However , it is n't . Why anyone would be motivated to read the novel by seeing this film is beyond me.There is n't space to go into all the deliberate errors and distortions , but a few will suffice to demonstrate the damage done to Melville 's masterpiece.Ishmael had been a teacher , true , but he had also had three previous voyages as a seaman on merchant vessels , which Capt. Peleg treats with scorn as being completely unlike service on a whaling vessel . The point is , Ishmael is definitely not the green neophyte protrayed in the film.Peleg was a Quaker , as were most of the Nantucket whaling captains , although it is not clear in the novel if Ahab is also a Quaker . However , Peleg , who is clearly identified as a Quaker , uses `` thee '' and `` thou '' as second person singular in his conversation with Ishmael , not `` ye '' , as in the film . This may seem a minor point , but it was a major issue for Quakers , many of whom had been martyred for their faith in earlier times . One of the many ironies noted by Melville in his novel is that men who would not raise a hand against another man even in self-defense were engaged in the horrible , brutal , bloody , terribly dangerous business of killing sperm whales for their oil , a point the movie misses entirely.Melville describes a mutiny on the ship Town-Ho , but while Starbuck contemplates shooting Ahab with a musket , after wrestling with his conscience he backs away from murder , and never openly threatens Ahab . Although Melville does not say so , there is evidence in the novel to suggest that Starbuck is a Quaker , which of course would heighten Starbuck 's dilemma.There were no fights among the crew of the Pequod.No one deserted the Pequod.The crew never complained about `` chowder '' for supper . In fact , they would have thought chowder was a delicacy compared to their usual fare of salt pork and hard tack.Why put Fedallah in the film , if you 're going to leave out his prophecy and death ? Also , he was a Parsee and Ahab 's boat crew were Filipino -LRB- `` Manilla-men '' -RRB- , not Chinese.These distortions would n't be so bad if they did n't serve to turn the film into a sort of young person 's adventure story . The novel deserves better , something made for adults , on the order of Master and Commander . Melville is no doubt now rotating even more rapidly in his grave than he was in 1956 , when the first film version was made .
 Boy , what a lousy Moby Dick ! Patrick Stewart is terrific . That is it , period . The effects with the whale are fine , but when the cabin boy is drowning , the water is only up to his chest . When will the REAL Moby Dick be on DVD ? Now that the Coen Brothers have paid tribute with the ending of `` Oh Brother '' , one can get one 's hopes up again . Save your money for that .
 It 's always interesting to watch actors in their attempts to overcome the stigma of being typecast . I suppose it is a serious problem . After all , apocryphal accounts abound about actors who , having played a too memorable part in a movie , such as the woman who played the Wicked Witch of the West in the Wizard of Oz , end up unemployed because no one can see them as anything else.Enter Patrick Stewart . Of late he has thrown himself at such improbable and botched roles as Henry II in a remake of THE LION IN WINTER and Ebenezer Scrooge in A CHRISTMAS CAROL . As bad as these two mistakes were , neither comes remotely close to his misguided decision to assume the role of Ahab in the new MOBY DICK . What emerges is failure before the opening credits have even run their course . I 've said it before ; you just can not remake or replace perfection . Gregory Peck 's masterful portrayal of Ahab in the 1956 production of MOBY DICK set a standard that has become a generic when discussing or considering the character of Ahab . Period ! As good an actor as Stewart can be , as evidenced by his character-defining work in STAR TREK and his portrayal of a Western King Lear in KING OF TEXAS , he just does n't even come close to pulling it off here . Instead his performance is totally laughable if not consummately pathetic!I hope that this is the last attempt to supplant the original . Mr. Stewart needs to take a deep breath and accept that he just is n't fit to remake every classic role under the sun . And when it comes to this story , and there 's certainly no shame in admitting it , it 's a big peg leg to fill!THE HORSEMAN
 Dont bother with this crap ! It is one of the worst if not the worst ! Movies that I have ever seen ! It has bad acting , story and it is so so boring ! I dont understand the point of this movie ! TERRIBLE ! DONT BOTHER !
 What a waste of 2 hours . Nothing gets accomplished at all ! You watch some terrible graphics , watch everyone die , and they did n't even kill the freaking WHALE!That made me mad.This film accomplishes nothing.There is no point at all to this movie.Don ' t waste your time , money , and energy.Leave , quickly !
 If your looking for a different version of the classic `` Moby Dick '' then fine . Personally I thought it fell short of the mark . The only highlight for me was when Gregory Peck made his apperance as the preacher . The original is still the one and only .
 I know its very hard to bring a book like Moby-Dick to the screen , but at least John Houston tried in the 1950 's . This made-for-TV adaptation makes me wonder if the screenwriters and director even read the original book . Not only is the character of Queegueg depicted incorrectly as a Mauri of New Zealand -LRB- in reality Melville based the character on the Nuku-Hivans -RRB- , but he is treated as a buffoonish and stereotypical `` savage '' which is completely at odds with the dignified character that Melville created . Additionally , the filmmakers dreamt up a bizarre scene where the Pequod is stranded in the ice of the Antarctic ! They must have been reading Mary Shelly 's Frankenstien at the time . Patrick Stewart 's performance as Ahab however , is wonderful , but that 's the only redeeming feature of this overblown mess .
 I rented this remake with high expectations.I was disappointed.In four hours , they failed to tell half the story Huston and Bradbury got so perfectly right in the 1956 classic.Huston 's classic is a little dated , particularly in terms of special effects that look like the miniatures they in fact are . While the CGI whale in this remake is a refreshingly-convincing manifestation of a 60-foot sperm whale , it 's not Moby Dick.This movie is bright and colorful , and the whale 's just a whale . The cast does n't come across as seasoned whalers , it feels like actors playing weekend yachtsmen , thanks in no small part to a script that ca n't seem to respect the intelligence of its audience.Moby Dick is a dark , slow story of building , brooding menace , which makes the moments of action all the more thrilling and terrifying.This remake captures none of the atmosphere or colorful character or menace of Melville 's classic . At its best moments , it 's simply re-hashing moments that were were perfected 42 years before.If you want to see Moby Dick , see John Huston 's 1956 masterpiece .
 Wow . I love Patrick Stewart , I love Moby Dick . I think this movie does an incredible disservice to the book . If you have read the book , It 's hard to stomach , if not , you may very well enjoy this as a movie . The problem is that the movie is dishonest to the book not only in plot , but in character , symbolism , and basically all major themes . Passages from the book are borrowed with no surrounding context , becoming meaningless but impressive-sounding speeches . Meaningful characters , events , and symbols are changed into shallow plot devices . It 's not the chinese boat crew , it 's not Queequeg 's hair , it 's not even the curious sidetrip to antarctica -LRB- ??? -RRB- , it 's that important elements of the book are mercilessly twisted into interesting screen shots or one liners that look or sound deep , but are either meaningless in the context of the movie or , worse yet , entirely change the meaning into something other than Melville 's . The main problem with this movie is the title - for it is a false Moby Dick . It 's an entertaining film in its own right , although certainly with many problems -LRB- like said line which are impressive but without context -RRB- but it is Moby dick in neither plot nor theme . I will admit that this is not a novel that can easily be done justice on screen -LRB- it just does n't translate well -RRB- , but what this film does is inexcusable .
 Quite often , bringing a classic story like `` Moby Dick '' to the screen is a thankless task . But at least John Huston 's 1956 version has a lot of class as well any number of great performances -LRB- even Moby Dick looked a lot more realistic in 1956 ! -RRB- . This version just does n't make it - skip it and buy a copy of Gregory Peck 's rendition instead . You 'll be glad you did .
 One of the problems with Moby Dick as a novel is that it is more of a philosophical essay rather than a straight narative . Of the 133 chapters , only the last two chapters as well as the first few , tell the very famous story of the chasing of the white whale . Melville is less interested in character development than commentary making it a very difficult and complex read to truly absorb the entire message . The point is , this is NOT an easy book to make into a film.In this latest version , Patrick Stewart takes the helm , not as Captain Pickard of Star Trek , but the famous Captain Ahab . Unfortunately , the producers obviously told Mr. Stewart that Captain Ahab is chasing after a great white ham and he must play it accordingly . Stewart the loyal actor , takes the advice , and hams it up so badly that the film is almost unwatchable . On top of that , nothing new is added to this version but you may not notice that since Stewart 's performance gets so much in the way of everything else , that he makes William Shatner seem like an understated actor.About the only highlight is Gregory Peck -LRB- who makes a great cameo in this version as the minister -RRB- appears . Peck more properly captured the bitter , somber obsession of Ahab in the 1956 version as compared to Stewart who never seems to really know how to play this part . It 's unfortunate because Stewart really can act , but I suspect ego may have gotten in the way of this one!Finally let me not put the entire blaim on Stewart . The reality is that this version just does n't work and I ca n't blaim the production team too much as Moby Dick is a brutally hard novel to bring to the screen .
 The annimation for the white whale was lousy . The original with G. Peck is a classic & you ca n't do a remake to match it . The attempt to give underwater scenes with the white whale sending the ship to the bottom stunk .
 I found this recent remake of the classic very weak . Stewart 's potrayal of Ahab did n't have any of the power of Gregory Peck 's 1956 character.The camera work was also terrible . Land is clearly seen in several scenes where the men are supposedly many months out to sea .
 Between lousy directing , and pointless wide camera angles , and a total disreagard to the book , -LRB- Unlike previous film and TV episodics -RRB- this was so bad , that I forced myself to sit through the entire video , just to see if it ever got better , or resembled the book in any way . I do n't think anyone read the book on this production , or even bothered to read the cliff notes . A real waste of the actor 's time , and ours .
 Gee , it started out so well ; this version of Herman Mehlville 's classic novel of obsession and revenge begins with an earnestness that suggests it might actually do justice to it 's literary inspiration . But unfortunately , that is not to be the case . The inherent problem with bringing Moby Dick to the screen is that the book is such a massive work that combines sea-going adventure and complex characters with an almost textbook discussion of whales and their habits . Whether you 've read the book or not , you are probably aware of the story . A young wanderer signs on to a whaling expedition under the command of a legendary captain seeking to avenge his maiming by a a white whale . John Huston made a semi-classic version in 1956 that succeeded far better than this despite one of the few so so performances by Gregory Peck.The problem with this particular production is that it suffers from a bad case of `` mini-series syndrome '' -- a headline actor , plenty of time to tell the story and a limited budget to work with . Patrick Stewart certainly does his part . As Captain Ahab he displays a range of psychotic emotion that somehow eluded Gregory Peck in the '56 version -LRB- one of Peck 's few disappointing performances -RRB- . Ahab is a difficult character to portray without going over the top , but Stewart succeeds , quickly banishing the viewer 's expectations to hear him refer to the First Mate Starbuck as `` Number One '' or issuing an order to `` make it so '' ala his alter ego Captain Jean-Luc Picard . Stewart 's Ahab is as scared psychologicaly as he is physically . But in Stewart 's hands you can somewhat understand the sailing and leadership ability of Ahab while bemoaning the course of destruction that he is pursuing.Another actor that stands out is Piripi Waretini in the role of Queequeg . His portrayal is far more enigmatic than the almost cartoonish `` savage '' portrayed in the earlier movie . But from there the quality of performance by the remaining cast drops precipitously . Henry Thomas is okay as Ishmael , however Ted Levine as the ill-fated Starbuck seems to be acting with his jaw wired shut . Mr. Peck is wasted in the almost cameo role of Father Mapple.Ironically , the seagoing visuals of the older film are far superior to those of this more digitized version . While the whale is more believable , the shipboard storm scenes look like they were filmed at a movie studio theme park , and sadly , they get worse as the film progresses . Was there a problem with the budget?Watch it if you will , there are far worse things to put in your DVD player . And if it stirs your interest sufficently enough to read the book ... that is a very good thing !
 It seems that there are several different versions of this TV movie available . Rumor has it that the movie that was originally broadcast on USA came in at 3 hours , there is a laser disc version of the movie that is 145 minutes long , and the VHS version is 120 minutes long . Unfortunately , the edits made to the VHS version are so extreme , abrupt , and awkward that it makes the movie virtually unwatchable . You ca n't help but feel that you 're missing something .
 I was really disappointed with the movie . I read the book which had its boring parts , but it also had its exciting parts . I felt that the movie just dragged along very slowly . Most of the visuals of the whales are nothing more than a tail or fin . There are some computer generated whales that are shown , but they are far and few between . In one of the final seens where Moby Dick attacks the rest of the crew , you see one of the most ridiculous part of the movie . Moby Dick 's tail slams down on each of the boats a few times and you are left to assume that all the crews are dead . It was very repetitive for that scene . I also thought that the movie made Starbuck appear as though he was going mad too , where as , he seemed a little more cool , calm , and collected in the book . Flask was way over acted as well . I think the portrayal of Stubb and Ishmael was very good though . I do n't know , you probably ca n't make this book into a good movie without changing the script a little bit and `` Hollywoodizing '' it . But honestly the book on tape version would probably be more entertaining than this movie .
 Although Patrick Stewart turns in a riveting and heart-felt performance as the revenge-driven Ahab , there is no denying that this movie stinks as bad as yesterday 's blubber.It 's too bad that a project this ambitious could not have been turned over to an old sea salt like James Cameron . Although , truth be told , Cameron probably would have quintupled the budget with his salary alone . The world deserves a modern big screen treatment of this classic tale . Too bad this is what we got.There is nothing wrong with the acting . Henry Thomas -LRB- yes , E.T. 's Henry Thomas -RRB- gives a noble performance as Ishmael . Gregory Peck makes a more than worthwhile cameo as the fire and brimstone-spouting Father Mapple . But once the Pequod sets sail , it 's time to look for a lifeboat.For a film that obviously spent a lot of time and money shooting in worldwide locales with first-rate actors on a gorgeous - if not overly decorated - period ship , somebody severely dropped the ball in the post-production department . Dropped the ball , stuck a harpoon in it and then dumped it overboard.Underwater shots are laughable , computerized sperm whales breach like marlins and the only real special effects prop used -LRB- a high school-project whale tail -RRB- is about as convincing as a cardboard light-sabre . The film is hacked together for television commercial inserts and has all the artistic pacing of a spooked horse . The anticlimactic ending turns Ahab 's most powerful speech -LRB- `` From Hell 's heart , I stab at thee ... '' -RRB- into an uncomfortable afterthought . And the seventeen dollars that appeared to be left for the special effects make for the most cringe-worthy ship sinking ever put to film.Call me Ishmael . Call me whatever you want . Just call me when it 's over .
 To start off , this movie lacks any direction , also there is no build up of excitment , no rising interest , and little or no action till the very end . I love Van-Damme movies and especially actioners of all types but I found myself desperately trying to stay awake through this . Watch this movie if you have alot of time to hopelessly squander .
 The Jean Claude Van Damme Review Matrix -LRB- JCVD-RM -RRB- 1 . Who is he ? Andrei , a knife throwing KGB agent sent by the Russians to steal the top secret U.S. equipment2 . Which family member/friend must be avenged ? This early in JCVD 's career , the mandatory paint-by-numbers plot pieces like this were not in place yet .3 . Does he take his shirt off ? Half of the movie is on a ship in the water . You think he 'd miss the chance for some rays ? 4 . Does he have sex with a C-List actress ? JCVD goes for a little anonymous redhead in this one .5 . Is there a tournament ? Perhaps if a race is sport , and all tournaments are sport , maybe it 's a tournament . Otherwise it 's just the Americans versus the Russians6 . Is training needed for this tournament ? Only acting training7 . Does he do the splits in training or in the tournament ? This may be the only movie in which a character not only does the splits while wearing a suit and a tie , but he also does it in khakis .8 . Does he punch someone in the balls ? To be honest , I ca n't say I remember it happening . However , given the fact that I dozed off during several scenes , it 's entirely possibly that JCVD performed a fistectomy .9 . Does he do a series of flying or 360 kicks ? In every single fight .10 . Is his enemy unbeatable ? Hardly . He 's just a little Asian guy with big hair and a black belt .11 . Does he overcome an injury or other hindrance ? Aside from being a Belgian , acting as a Russian , and speaking in broken English ... not really .12 . Does he win ? It does n't matter - the viewer loses.Some planes go down over the Mediterranean , and three were carrying top secret laser guidance systems . The rest is a race to get them before the Russians . Somehow , a Japanese guy codenamed `` Black Eagle '' goes in for the United States and a Belgian guy goes in for the Russians . And that 's probably the movie 's biggest problem ; it 's nearly incomprehensible the majority of the time because of various language barriers that are n't overcome.A fan of JCVD , action , or good movies will be severely disappointed . He 's barely in the movie , and the rest is just bad . When you begin to crave the acting talents of JCVD , then you know the rest of the movie is slop . This is definitely a blemish on his career ; I 'm just not sure if it 's wart or a zit .
 Lets cut to the chase . If u want a better van damm movie . Watch no retreat no surrender . As for this one.save it for a day u got nothing better to do.its a time killer . If your just sitting around.lets get to the point.watch this one only if u need a time killer . If u want a movie with the sickest fights watch guyver2 . yall love it.and this one shelve it .
 In BLACK EAGLE Jean Claude Van Damme had barely begun making a name for himself . He was less well-known than Sho Kosugi , with whom he had to share top billing . The plot is a nonsense actioner between Kosugi as a CIA op and JCVD as his KGB counterpart . What is of interest is Van Damme 's interpreation of a Red bad guy . This was not his first appearance as a Russian fighter . In NO RETREAT NO SURRENDER he was Ivan , a Russian mafia enforcer . Here he is Andrei , a KGB operative who is battling Kosugi for a secret weapon . When Van Damme plays the heavy , he is somehow more threatening , more lethal than when he is the punching bag good guy . One of his best moments in this or any of his other actioners occurs when he is not fighting at all . He is seen as merely talking to his wife who is genuinely concerned for his safety . Their verbal interaction marks him as distinctly human as they ponder his looming fate . Further his aggressive fight scenes with Kosugi are first rate . Van Damme 's untimely demise with a ship 's propeller raises some unexpected sighs of sympathy . BLACK EAGLE is a watchable early slice of a very young JCVD as he proves that given the right script , he can deliver acting on cue with the same verve as one of his patented roundhouse kicks .
 Now do n't take this into the wrong direction . I like Van Damme as well as Sho Kosugi , but even they could n't save this film from being so boring and so abysmal . I was so bored by this film , that not only did I fall asleep during the film , I could n't even finish the thing.An F-11 holding a device that the United States government can not afford to lose crash lands in the Mediterranean . The KGB lead by Andrei -LRB- Played by Van Damme -RRB- , unfortunately , are much closer to finding the device than the CIA . The United States government decides to send in their best man , Ken Tani , The Black Eagle -LRB- Played by Kosugi -RRB- . Tani decides to head to Malta with his two kids -LRB- Played by Kosugi 's own children -RRB- to find the device before the KGB does.I have nothing else to say about this crap except that even if you 're a Van Damme superfan , do n't bother , and just leave it in the $ 3 bin at BigLots ! I 'm actually quite surprised Van Damme 's career was n't ruined by this travesty . Then again , he was just getting started.Not Recommended.DVD Extras
 which does not bode well for the movie . The other actors are just so horrible and the story so flat . Do n't get me wrong , I like Jean-Claude , movies like Timecop and Bloodsport were pretty good for what they were . The fighting scenes in Black Eagle just do n't make up for a lame movie though .
 Could someone tell me who Sho Kosugi is ? This guy plays the main character of this crummy movie , `` Black Eagle , '' where he goes up against Jean-Claude Van Damme while defending America against the Soviets in a plot so ludicrous that the people confused by `` Mission
 Totally fake , unrealistic , plotless . I love action movies , but this one just did n't have any action in it . You could see the missed punches and fake reactions -- I ca n't believe that anyone would pay money for this movie
 I would say the plot is good , but the action and fighting scenes are not in favour for action-movie goers .
 First of all , as a Van Damme fan , this movie is definately one to see -LRB- if you must seek joy in seeing van damme die -RRB- for die hard van damme fans and that who hate him . For me , the movie feels like a Columbo epidose -LRB- the dramatic music -RRB- but the film is average , showing few plot , fight scenes or action . The biggest action scene is an explosion of a small wooden boat and a chase scene with cars going as fast as 25 mph ! Plus the dvd features are limited and there is NO `` Making of ... '' feature , only a theatrical trailer and some production notes -LRB- too short -RRB- . Could have done with more DVD features for a region code free DVD .
 Black Eagle was released a few months after Van Damme became a star with Bloodsport . The film could have made Van Damme a wash up but luckily it did n't . The martial arts chorography in the film is very sloppy and the fight scene between Sho Khogusi and Van Damme is weak . Skip this one
 I must admit that I 'm not a big Van Damme fan . Still , I try to keep an open mind . Not only was the sound terrible , but it was so obvious that the punches were checked , that it would have made a comedy if the plot were n't so boring . I think that Woody Allen could make a better action picture than this attempt .
 If you are a Van Damme fan , beware ! He is barely even in the movie so do n't let the DVD box cover fool you . Actually , he is n't even the star of the movie !! I 'm not sure what advice he was given post Bloodsport from his agent , but when you go from being the main star in a very good martial arts movie to having a very tiny role in a very bad movie , I think that would raise some questions as to his choices in roles . Likewise , he is playing the stereotypical `` bad Russian '' -- much like he did in his brief cameo in No Retreat , No Surrender . With the exception of 3-4 fight scenes and a romance scene , Van Damme is no where to be seen . Trust me though , this DVD is cheap enough -LRB- or can be found cheap enough -RRB- to warrant buying just for those fight scenes -LRB- for the true Van Damme fan -RRB- . Plot - DTypical ' 80 's plot with a downed jet fighter with a top secret device onboard that the Russians want and the CIA wants to get back . The CIA sends Asian martial artist Sho Kosagi after it and the Russians send Van Damme after it . The two have several confrontations , most ending in a draw . The martial arts choreography is very good and Van Damme performs his trademark splits and jumping spin kicks . There is a slight side story about Kosagi 's kids and a female agent , but it is n't very detailed and not all that interesting . Again , the main reason for renting or buying the movie is for the fights between Van Damme and Kosagi.Acting - DTerrible acting from everyone . There really is n't any redemption for this category . The wooden acting of Van Damme playing a Russian is fine and expected , but the lifeless acting of the rest of the cast is just aweful.Music / Soundtrack - DI assume there was a soundtrack and some music , but it was so forgettable that nothing stands out.Cinematography - CVery nice location shooting in Malta -LRB- or a location doubling as Malta -RRB- . Other than that , the camera angles are all standard and nothing to set it apart or make it very memorable.DVD - FSome DVD 's claim to have the making of featurette . BEWARE - I have never seen it or found it on a DVD of this film . The extras are standard with an original trailer and some back story bios . The quality of the image transfer is subpar and is full screen only.Overall - DPerhaps Van Damme 's worst movie of all time . Only for the true die-hard Van Damme fan and one who will pay $ 5 for 5 minutes of fight scenes .
 ` Under the Tuscam Sun ' can be exactly defined by this one line summary of this present review . The movie is just a good chance to make a trip to Italy while seated in front of your television and DVD set . In fact , this trip provides to the viewer good locations -LRB- especially the ones taken at the city of Positano , in South Italy -RRB- , a brief look at the habits and style of life in this otherwise fascinating Mediterranean country . But that 's all.The movie is just another bittersweet story of love , friendship and delusions without anything new to be taken or even a minimal original approach to such pondering themes . Many viewers will certainly find this movie amusing and lighthearted - and this is a correct mode to describe this one - but it 's shallow characters and routine treatment made the final outcome just a passable but unnoticed experience . Beautifully filmed , with good locations and a fine piece of work of photography . Famous Italian director Mario Monnicelli made a cameo as the old man with the flowers .
 The only reason I rented this was because Diane Lane is in it . She does a great job with what she 's given , but ... that 's not a lot . She pulls off the same pained , chiseled expressions that she did in Unfaithful and also exudes the same sort of sexiness . The sad part about this movie is that it , I 'm presuming , is supposed to be about a woman escaping a superficial world of betrayal and heartache to romantic , breath-taking Italy to begin a new life with new possibilities . Instead her move to Tuscany is filled with frustrating ironies ... such as the only worthwhile Italian guy being married ... to her mindless jump into the bed of an Italian playboy -LRB- and subsequent tears because he has decided to move on -RRB- ... etc etc etc. . So many of the attempts at depth and humor are too superficial or downright cheesy to be believed . The absurd ending is without a doubt the worst part . There is plenty of political correctness to go around ... -LRB- this whole thing starts with a `` gay tour '' of Tuscany -RRB- ...
 ... but not nearly enough to counter the negatives.First the positives :1 -RRB- Some brilliant photography . One just ca n't get around this .2 -RRB- Some truly likeable characters and character development -- especially several of the minor characters.There ! That is two stars worth!Negatives :1 -RRB- Spotty directing , which offsets the quality of the photography2 -RRB- No earthly resemblance at all to the -LRB- true -RRB- book from which the story is supposed to have been taken3 -RRB- A boring , and over-the-top gay agenda -LRB- along with any one of a number of similar `` far-left '' issues , poorly cobbled together4 -RRB- A view of the Virgin Mary , which , while not openly portrayed offensively in the film , is bound , nonetheless to offendIn short , the bad outweighs the good . Skip this one .
 This is a really bad movie . The characters are one dimensional , the acting is sluggish , the dialogue is banal and contrived , the directing is awful , but worst of all , the script is terrible . The screenplay oozes simplistic simple minded notions of political correctness and insight where there is none . Audrey Wells purports to have written a complex and surprising story with unexpected twists and turns , but what she has produced is a shallow and unsatisfying film with no real purpose other than to make the fairly obvious point that life is full of surprises and unexpected outcomes . Gee - what an insight . The characters are completely unsympathetic and the only thing that makes this film watchable at all is the backdrop of Cortona . This film entirely misses the point of the book and I just hope the author was well paid for allowing her book to be associated with this awful movie .
 I knew the movie had little to do with the book of the same name , which would have been fine but I could tell that it was n't just the facts they 'd changed for the movie but the whole feel . The book did n't turn Italy and her men into stereotypes of hunky , swarthy men . But the movie managed to do that and more , turning every character we came across into a stereotype . Here 's a bus filled with gays laughing and being inclusive and friendly , even to the straight girl . Here 's a lesbian couple , blissful in their coming parenthood . Here 's the pregnant friend now abandoned by aforementioned gay lover who , in what looks like her 10th month of pregnancy , jumps on a plane to show up unannounced at her buddy 's Italian villa to have her baby . And live there , as far as we can tell . Here 's the beautiful , eccentric actress from a by-gone day spewing out sexual advice while lunching with a group of nuns -- and dressed a bit like a padre ? Why not ! She 's eccentric , do n't you know . Missing was the nuts and bolts of how all this happens . How 's Frances Mayes -LRB- Lane -RRB- supporting herself ? Where 's the money coming from ? In the book , Mayes and her lover spent summer 's in Italy working the house and land back to life , then running back to SF to teach so they could make more money to do the whole thing again next summer vacation . And the book has a final scene that left me gasping with surprise and delight which the movie was in no way going to recreate , not with Lane 's Mayes sniffing out yet another lover in the movie 's last scene . Was that all the movie could aspire to , that Diane Lane find another lover ? Talk about shallow.I 'm not so rigid to believe that a movie based on even a favorite book must be loyal to that book . But with any changes , you 'd expect the movie to be good in its own way . I 'm not sure why this movie bothered calling attention to its connection to Mayes ' book . Why not just call it `` Chick finds sex in Italy '' and leave it at that ?
 Typical Hollywood movie trying to push off moral values that the average american does not believe in . This movie is slow and does not even make much sense at all . Hopefully most people do not live like this and if they do they would be considered weird.Do not waste your time with this movie !
 Ok . Seriously folks . This movie is about as good as water if you are looking for wine . The idea of the movie is ok , however , the director is either an idiot or that was her target audience . Some parts are ok , but most parts are so laughably unbelievable or hollywoodized that it turns out to be laughable . I do n't want to waste any more of my time writing a detailed review of a movie that I could barely watch -LRB- it was my wife 's birthday , I had to -- and even she hated it -RRB- . So , for all of you saying something about wanting to know what was so bad about this film , I 'll give you one thing : You know all those glorified love scenes in classic movies where a VIABLE couple finally meets , and their first kiss on the beach lasts from day until night ! Yeah , well , ... no.If this movie is on a plane , I would recommend listening to the conversation in the cockpit or thumb wrestling with the toddler who is kicking your chair . Diane Lane is OK , the group that does the renovations provided SOME comic relief -LRB- on purpose -RRB- but all the rest of the cast should he hanged for their involvement .
 I have to say this is one case where the movie is better than the book , but that bar was set pretty low . Where the book has barely a plot and nothing of any interest -LRB- unless you 're a huge HGTV fan -RRB- , the movie has a slightly more interesting plot by virtue of a protagonist that has just gone through a divorce . Her home has appreciated significantly -LRB- which explains better than the book how she has the wealth to buy a Tuscan villa and renovate it -RRB- . Her friends then sign her onto a gay tour of Tuscany , which could have given the movie some depth ... but evidently was scuttled in favor of more conventional fare . Nothing dooms a film like cowardice.The rest of the movie is about the woman trying to find a new husband while pretending not to . In the end , of course -LRB- of course ! -RRB- she succeeds . This kind of twaddle should embarrass even made-for-TV writers.In the right hands , this revised storyline could have turned into a perfectly decent movie . Unfortunately it is saccharine , utterly predictable and fails even to take advantage of Tuscany 's exceptional scenery .
 to be honest I expected a little more from the movie . it was too mellow and somewhat boring .
 I bought this movie hoping to see some Tuscan scenery and because I like Diane Lane.There are few views of Italy and they are very brief . In fact , the whole movie is a series of glimpses . A birth scene lasting ten seconds . A sketchy sex scene between two people who just met and do n't show any signs of connecting . Glimpses of renovating the house . There is no story as such . The idea that she finds herself is totally unconvincing.The relationships are nil , except between the young boy and girl . Frances and her Chinese friend are constantly telling each other how much they like each other and that they are best friends , but we never see any other interaction between them except that . They have a half-dozen scenes at least and this is what they say every time!The reason God created stories was so that relationships could develop and become convincing . By avoiding any continuous development and giving us a choppy , episodic smattering of this and that , this movie fails as travelogue , as love story , as friendship story , as personal development story.Contrast this movie with `` My House in Umbria '' to see what I mean . The people in that movie connect with each other . And they have character . None of these people are characters , except the aging film star . And the scenery is a presence in that movie , and is almost an actor in the movie in its effect on the people.I think the appeal of Under the Tuscan Sun is in its theme
 This is a really bad film . Okay , so it has nothing to do with the book except that it shares a title - that I could live with . But the story is hopelessly cobbled together and totally unbelievable . Surely this was a first draft of the script that they accidentally filmed?The main character is played by the pretty Diane Lane , but looks alone can not salvage this dreadful character . She cries , she pouts , she is unbearably naive and , let 's just say it , she is an idiot.The storyline is full of cliches . And where there are not cliches , there are gaping plot holes
 As a previous reviewer said , it pulled out every single American cliche about Italy in the book , which is pretty much what I had expected . But oh my GAWD was this awful ! I was laughing hysterically at this . As bad as a low budget miniseries .
 I love her books so much ! This movie is an absolute insult ! The original story was so wonderful I ca n't understand why the film makers thought they were making something better . And Ed ! What about Ed ? Geez . I could only get through the part where they were taking out the wall between the two rooms , foolishly thinking that the movie would get better , and after that I was done . Another good thing about DVDs is that you do n't have to be kind and rewind . It would have be a waste of electricity and my VCR . This movie is right up there with Ishtar ! Except worse !
 Hey gang , let 's pool our resources and get the rights so Mystery Science Theater can talk us through this one!I 'm telling you it would surpass even Manos , Hands of Fate for sheer yuks . The cheese , the schmatz , the dishonesty , the cluelessness , the pretention of this flick just begs , begs to be put out of its misery .
 This movie was terrible . If there was an option for - stars I would go there.Read the book it 's much more entertaining !
 Having read Under the Tuscan Sun three times , this movie was very disappointing in the way that a beautiful story became a run of the mill chick flick . As beautiful as the scenery was , the movie made Tuscany lose it 's charm and warmth that I received in the book .
 I eagerly anticipated watching this movie , as I thoroughly enjoyed the book ; however , the movie shares only a passing resemblance to the book . It gets 2 stars because I enjoy Diane Lane and Tuscany is gorgeous , but other than that the movie was dull , Lane 's character is nothing short of pathetic , and the ending is trite .
 Not bad entertainment ... but the book is better , at least according to my wife who chose the movie after reading the book .
 Being a male I was never much of a fan of the chick flick , however I usually just accept that women like these movies for the same reasons that men like horror-gore movies -LRB- not to essentialize but not many women appreciate this genre -RRB- . However after seeing this movie I felt compelled to write a reveiw.Basically the plot is somewhat predictable and horribly cliche ; enough people ran through it already so I do not beleive that it is my duty . However the most predictable parts of this movie are when she goes to the Italian lovers house and finds out that he already has a woman under his roof . -LRB- Perhaps she should have rode back with the officer and then made this movie at least interesting -RRB- . It is from the aformentioned point that the movie goes seriously downhill . The author found it neccessarey to give this movie a happy ending and amazingly one fell from the sky , with the American author appearing out of nowhere and the deadfully cheesy out of class relationship with the Polish kid and the Italian girl.Overall I recommend this movie if you can forgive movie cliches and random happy endings ; well all of that and of course bad acting and fourth grade directing.The scenery was however beatiful , but what a waste .
 It was just terrible for me , living in Italy for many years now . I hated to see exaggerated stereotyping of Italian men . it seemed to me a real bad Hollywood interpretation of A Room with A View .
 I was pretty darn cheesed out by this movie . It 's definitely nice to look at , and Diane Lane is a very lovely woman . However , the characters were all sugary sweet cheeseballs , and Diane Lane 's character had no spine.Sandra Oh was great , as usual .
 Do n't waste your money on a DVD unless
 What a stupid movie ! There was nothign admirable in the main character . What the heck was she thinking in sleeping with a man she had n't even known for a day ! That is not realistic at all . The whole storyline had no logical sequence . Stay away from this movie .
 I have been looking for this movie for a long while . It came and I put it in to watch it ; it stopped playing 3/4 of the way through !!! I tried it in all of our devices and it did the same thing each time ! Very disappointed !!!
 Beautiful scenery , great cinematography , wonderful blu-ray , Diane Lane . What could go wrong?I 'm a big Diane Lane fan , and I was really looking forward to watching this one , but it fell flat . It 's all about the story and how well it 's written . The story line itself had the potential to make a great movie . It just was n't written very well . Even Diane could n't rescue the lame dialogue , and usually her presence alone is good enough for me . It was also completely implausible . Frances tells her lawyer she has virtually no cash , her husband is requesting alimony , and apparently only receives her share of the equity from the sale of their house in the divorce settlement . Somehow , though , she has enough money to travel to Europe , purchase a dilapidated , yet elegant country estate in Italy , support herself AND employ a 3 man crew for at least 9 months for the renovation . C'mon . If you have a blu-ray player , your time wo n't be completely wasted by watching this because it really does have a ton of gorgeous scenery , including Diane . Not much is gained , though , by having the sound turned up.Too bad . The potential and the cast was there . Blame the screenwriter . I did .
 I really enjoyed this book , but I was very disappointed by the movie . Rather than a story about the Italian countryside and the adventure of remodeling a home in a foreign country , this movie was about a divorced woman looking for love and her gay friend 's dramatic life . Blah . I had wanted to see the charming Polish workers and the quaint Italian villages that were an important part of the original story . Oh well , this was n't the movie for me .
 I read `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' over a year ago , and though it seemed hard to get into in the beginning , I suddenly found myself wrapped into the saga of the `` money pit '' house . The descriptions of the local people , the food , and the house were enchanting . When I heard that a film was being made of the book , I admit that I was somewhat puzzled as to how the journal-style writing would come across on the big screen . I 'm not a big `` movie theatre '' goer , but when I heard that the film with the book 's title was coming out on DVD I had to satisfy my curiosity.I 've just completed watching the movie , and as somewhat expected , I am thoroughly disappointed . Although the Italian scenery is sublime , the storyline is too different from the book . The characters -LRB- though completely understandable in the book -RRB- do not seem connected to one another at all . I had problems following why characters , and their ecentricities , were introduced and I already knew the story!Diane Lane is beautiful and the scenery is gorgeous , but in the end I did n't `` care '' about any of the characters or the outcome . It just seemed to run out of steam -LRB- or water -RRB- ... or maybe it was the absence of the adorable Italian from Positano :-RRB- In any case , take the time to read the book instead .
 Unfortunately , the screenwriter completely changed the story of Under the Tuscan Sun . True , the main character did buy a villa in Tuscany . However , this story primarily concerns Diane Lane 's trauma of divorce and trying to find herself in Italy . The film has very little about the trials of her renovation of the villa . Most importantly , the film says nothing about the book 's description of life in a small Tuscan village and the people who live there . I was very disappointed in the film .
 A couple of years ago I was given for Chrismas Frances Mayes ' popular story of her adventures in Tuscany as a new owner of a dilapidated villa which she painstakingly restored , not without many adventures and misadventures . As Mayes discovered , Italy was most unlike her home in San Francisco and the Italian people she met did not share many of her values . The fun of the book was watching Mayes adapt to her new home and neighbors.I thought , mistakenly as it turns out , that the Hollywood film of her book would be faithful , at least in part , to her experiences in Italy . Unfortunatley , I was unable to recognize much of her original story in the Hollywood version of the book.In Amazon 's spotlight review for this movie , Samuel McKewon does an excellent job in his critique of the film and I will not repeat any of his comments . I agree with McKewon even if most readers of his review do not.The book and movie are called `` Under the Tuscan Sun . '' We have some right to expect that Tuscany will play an important part in the film . Not so . The film opens with Mayes , played by Diane Lane , losing much of her property in a painful divorce . We are led to believe she is left with little money to begin her new life . We will find out that we are wrong in this inference.Mayes ' friends give her a first class ticket to Tuscany . When she arrives , she leaves her tour almost immediately to purchase a run down villa in Cortina owned by an old contessa . The contessa drives a hard bargain , too steep for the Italian couple who compete with Mayes to buy the place . While Mayes herself is bargaining unsuccessfully with the contessa , a pidgeon defecates on her head . This is a sign for the contessa that Mayes should be the new owner of her 300 year old villa . This incident with the pidgeon is a warning to the viewer that the film is about to go into the toilet.When Mayes buys the house it is badly run down so she hires an old Italian carpenter and his three Polish assistants to rebuild the villa . A year later the three Polish workmen are still attempting to finish their repairs . Where Mayes got the money to buy the villa and pay three workmen for a year to do repairs is a mystery left unsolved . In fact , the only part the villa and workmen play in the story is as comic relief . Instead , we watch Mayes attempt to bring romance and love back into her life . For an intelligent , sophisticated women , she seems to be incredibly inept and immature.In the book the story of her adventures rebuilding her villa had a charm sadly missing in the film , which turned out to be a soap opera of her lovelife among the Italians . Instead of buying the film , viewers are advised to save their money and invest instead in the much cheaper paperback book . Here they will find the real Frances Mayes meeting and learning to love her new Italian neigbors .
 As a man , I prefer movies with action , that usually means gratuitous violence . I ca n't help it ; it 's in the hormones . But every so often , I will allow a woman to drag me , in my own car , to a chick flick , which I will pay for , and regret the experience two gruelling hours later . I was not to be disappointed in being disappointed . Darkness could n't come fast enough `` Under the Tuscan Sun . `` Diane Lane gets the unpleasant surprise of her life about her husband at a cocktail party . Her friends decide she needs to get away and send her to Italy for a little R & R . She notices a villa for sale and the old lady homeowner who is ambivalent about selling it to a wealthy German couple . Suddenly a pigeon discharges its plop on Diane 's head . With such a tender and wonderful sign from above , the old lady decides to sell her home to her -LRB- presumably right after she washes her hair -RRB- . So starts her new adventure.She has the usual run-of-the-mill problems with the house , and one of the friends who sent her on the trip in the first place , shows up pregnant . She helps a local through her love affair with a Polish construction worker , and has an affair where she cheers herself
 Gentlemen miss this movie . As a married man I am consigned to the fact that I must watch certain movies that are geared towards the ladies , I am okay with that . Having suffered through most of said type of movies , I can say that this particular movie is a truly a painful experience without any humor to help . All this movie does is follow a sad and lonely woman around Italy and waste the two hours that is the movie running time . Do not buy this movie for the lady in your life because then you will be forced to watch it .
 -LRB- Lot 's of spoilers -RRB- Yes , I know it 's a romantic comedy , ` chick flick ' , and realism is not usually a necessary goal , but please , you must be kidding!She enters Italy , buys a house and moves there permanently on a whim ? With minimal savings -LRB- after buying a villa with an olive grove ! -RRB- , no income -LRB- we do n't see her write or review anything in the year she is in Italy -RRB- , no health coverage , nothing , and no long-stay visa , no governmental red tape?Everyone speaks English ? And learning to speak Italian just happens to her , despite only speaking with English , American and Polish expatriate friends?The house renovation is brief and -LRB- aside from 1 or 2 comic moments -RRB- easy and apparently ... free . She just cooks for her polish workman and they love her . Let 's remember , she has no car and she is in rural Tuscany -LRB- would n't you love to see her carry home all the groceries for these feasts . -RRB- See meets a stunning , sexy , fit , self-confidant , young , Italian man ... after a few hours together , has sex with him -LRB- Do n't get me wrong - looked like fun -RRB- , does n't see him again for a month , and then is surprised that , when she sees him next , he has already moved on . No , really?As for the lesbian couple
 I 'd call this a `` chick flick , '' but that 's insulting to women on at least two levels -- the term and to suggest that women as a group would find this collection of hoary cinematic cliches the least bit interesting . The true stars of the movie are the Italian countryside , wonderfully photographed in all seasons , and the house , but basically this is one of those Home and Garden TV fixer upper shows with a multi-million dollar budget . Diane Lane is supposed to be a tough , unsentimental reviewer whose barbed jibes stay with authors for years . This hardly tracks with her character , who immediately falls for any pretty , vacant , younger male face who wanders into her field of vision , and then is shocked , SHOCKED -LRB- Casablanca-style -RRB- when she turns out to be a mere dalliance for him . Also from the cliche mill -- the plucky lesbian , Asian for diversity interest , who has been abandoned mid-pregnancy by her lover and heads off to Tuscany to have her baby -LRB- Sandra Oh does get the one really funny line in the movie , however , when a toilet bubbles over with hot water and she observes that it 's really useful if you want to `` give your butt a facial . '' -RRB- ; the handsome middle-aged Italian who has `` never cheated on my wife , '' but always turns up without her and with sage advice ; and finally the old , eccentric Englishwoman , long-time resident of the town who is fond of nuzzling ducklings against her cheek in the farmers ' market -LRB- Lane 's character finds this fascinating -RRB- , poses nude for her younger painter lovers , and dances drunk in fountains like a Fellini character.To all of this many others reviewing here apparently say `` terrific . '' This dissenting view says , `` Ugh . ''
 Though officially based on a true story - the autobiographical bestseller by Frances Mayes - `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' plays like one of those slick fiction `` women 's pictures '' -LRB- now called `` chick flicks '' -RRB- from the 1950 's and 1960 's in which a beautiful woman -LRB- usually played by Lana Turner or Jean Seberg -RRB- , unlucky in the ways of love , heads to Europe in the hopes of finding true romance in the arms of the heavily-accented man of her dreams.This glossy , shallow and superficial soap opera stars Diane Lane as Frances , a semi-successful writer who discovers that her husband is cheating on her with another woman . After the divorce , in which somehow the husband has managed to finagle almost everything including the house away from her as part of the settlement , Frances agrees to go on a gay bus tour through Italy that two lesbian friends have set up for her . While on a stopover in Tuscany , the usually far-from-impulsive Frances decides , on the spur of the moment , to purchase a villa replete with bad plumbing and acres upon acres of olive trees . Without any discernible source of income to make it all possible , Frances divides her time between making major repairs on the place and cavorting all over the Italian countryside , having `` adventures '' with the colorful native and immigrant population and falling under the spell of the handsome young Italian who always seems to be just waiting in the wings in stories such as these . But is he really the right man for her ? Needless to say , with all this going on , we do n't see this `` author '' getting a whole lot of writing done during this overseas sojourn -LRB- though , at the end , we find that she ` s somehow managed - apparently off-camera - to write a whole book about her experiences here -RRB- . Diane Lane is so fine an actress that she is able to make even this hokey pablum almost believable at times . For the most part , though , the film is a case of missed opportunities . For instance , nothing whatsoever is done with the gay tour aspect of the plot -LRB- one suspects that the film might have been more interesting had Frances STAYED on the bus rather than gotten off , as I ` m sure a group of gay guys would have known how to have more fun in Italy than she does -RRB- , and Frances ' own story winds up taking a back seat to a bland Romeo and Juliet-type subplot and a whole host of stereotypical minor characters . Every time Lane begins to bring some depth and reality to her character , the romantic fantasy trappings pile on to overwhelm her.Apart from Lane 's performance and the eye-popping views of the Italian landscape , `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' offers little for the non-armchair traveler to feast on .
 This was one of two movies I rented this on Valentines Day for a romantic evening at home with the wife . Too bad we saved this one for the main feature . It was in a word - disappointing . How can one film a movie in one of the most beautiful places in the world and not take better advantage of the scenery ? After all , it is suppose to be under the Tuscan sun . I have seen superior cinematography on the Travel Channel ; nevertheless if this movie had a good story line , it may have redeemed itself.The story line
 Beautiful Scenery . Beautiful People . Thin Plot . Diane Lane is gorgeous in this film and her performance was excellent - she just needed a better script to work with . Her friendship with the men who remodel her house is one of the good things in the film . Much of the rest of the film is just too much escapism for me . Why do movies seem to always portray the solution to pain and heartache as running away and starting a new life ? I would think that if I was hurting - the last thing I would want is to be thousands of miles away from my closest friends and family . And in a new culture , where I did n't speak the language ?
 A while ago we saw Diane Lane give a terrific performance in the movie `` Unfaithful '' , which was a remake of Claude Chabrol 's `` La Femme Infidel '' . The film itself was uneven , but Diane Lane was so good as the straying wife that she was nominated for an Academy Award.In `` Under The Tuscan Sun '' Diane Lane once again gives a very good performance . The problem is that `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' is not even half the film that `` Unfaithful '' was . I do n't really like defining movies as chick flicks or otherwise , but there 's really no other way to describe this one . And it 's a movie for not very discerning chicks at that.It 's based on Francis Mayes book of the same name , a book that hit the bestseller lists largely because it was the stuff of many a middle-class fantasy
 The imagery in this movie is fantastic -LRB- obviously , since it was filmed in Tuscany -RRB- , however I ca n't really recommend anything else about it . For some reason the writers of this film strayed so far from the original story as penned by Frances Maye that it is almost a completely different story . Which is sad , by the way , because the true story is so charming and would have been superb on film . Frances Maye 's book , Under the Tuscan Sun , is the true story of how she and her husband Ed buy a run-down villa in Tuscany . The book recounts the adventures Frances and Ed have together while remodeling the house . Other than the part about buying a house in Tuscany , there 's really not much else in the movie that even comes close to the book . Ed does n't even appear in the film until literally the last three minutes . Instead of a happily married and successful writer , Maye is portrayed as a depressed divorcee who is only able to come out of her funk after having a one-night stand with a suave Italian named Marcello -LRB- what were you people thinking ? -RRB- . And for some strange reason , there 's this bizarre homosexual motif that runs through the entire first half-hour of the movie . Why in the world did the writers have Frances discover the villa on a gay romantic tour of Italy , when the real story would have been so much better ? I guess my advice to you is read the book , skip the movie . Or better yet , read the book then go and see A Year in Provence , which is much better .
 This is supposed to be a romantic comedy , yet there are no comic moments . I could see the potential for comedy , but it just was n't there . Maybe it 's Diane Lane or maybe it 's the director . I kept wondering if Lane was playing a teenager or an adult . I could n't get involved with the character at all . She seemed to be faking it all the way through . I would 've given no stars , but I thought the Italian countryside deserved at least 1 star .
 I thoroughly enjoyed watching another T.V. while this show was playing out in the family room . The wife got a good night sleep and did n't even bother to replay the part she missed . After complaining , Hollywood Video gave us a comp , so all in all , we felt like we got our money 's worth .
 This movie was very boring and hard to get into . I started falling asleep in the first fifteen minutes . It 's a very chick flick type of movie and I suggest men do not see it .
 Frances Mayes sold out ! She sold the title of her best seller book to hollywood and they used it to create romance novel drivel ! It contains very little her sweet , beautiful tribute to Tuscany . What a shame ! While I liked Diane Lane I was completely disappointed in this movie .
 I watched the movie before reading the book . The movie was so bad that I felt compelled to read the book to see if it could redeem itself . The characters as depicted in the movie were very one dimensional and I just did n't care about them or what happened to them . The book tells a totally different story than is depicted in the movie and is SO MUCH BETTER .
 I was extremely disappointed with this movie . The story had no sense of direction . It seemed too badly glued together , as if the scriptwriters were just adding more things as they went along , saying , `` we 'll make her a divorced woman ... and then we 'll make her go on a gay tour ... and oh wait , let 's make her have no morals and have sex with a man she has n't known for even one day ... and lets make her flirt with the married real estate man . '' All in all , the story turned out to be pretty stupid with nothing to admire in the main character .
 If it was not for Diane Lane , this movie would have been a total loser . It 's a swindle . It 's advertised as `` romantic comedy '' , when there is little -LRB- if any -RRB- comedy . It 's boring , it portrays the Italians with all the cliches available . Blegh !
 This title was on my Amazon recommended list , and since I never heard of it before I decided to pick it up.In short , I think ANY movie would benefit from being set and shot in Tuscany Italy . This one did . Without the beautiful backdrop - I do n't think I would have watched the whole thing . A patchwork story-line , left me with the feeling that it had a lot of interesting bits and pieces BUT it appeared that they were put together for no apparent reason.It just was n't believable.Maybe rent it
 Man , hardly have I watched a movie this long -LRB- one hour and 53 minutes -RRB- that portrays the leading character in every -LRB- I mean , every !! -RRB- single scene , every single second of the whole movie!This is a bonus if you are a Diane Lane fan -LRB- and who is not ? The woman is simply gorgeous , besides being a very good actress ! -RRB- , but otherwise youl will be imersed in a chick flick all along , and a bad one by the way , one that will lead you absolutely nowhere .
 I am the ideal demographic for a chick flick . `` Under the Tuscan Sun '' is an insult to the international sisterhood of chick flick fans.The only way the filmmakers could have made this movie more stupid , more saccharine , more pandering to the lowest common denominator , is if they including a heartwarming , tearjerking , `` Terms of Endearment '' style death by beautiful movie disease.The Studly Hunk who falls into the Over-Forty Heroine 's lap is just so ... airbrushed into unreality . How could anyone be turned on by a man who bears no relation to reality ? Do n't answer that . I do n't want to know . Anyway , this is supposed to be a chick flick , not Sci Fi.The lead is a woman wounded by her ex-husband , lost chances , and the spectre of a wintry future . Diane Lane has a body a 20 year old would envy . She lacks gravitas . I could n't feel for her plight . It 's just not there on the ravaged face , the drooping body ; she 's too aerobicized and perky . `` Tuscan Sun '' is as cluttered with gizmos girls are supposed to gush over as a Barbie doll house . There are swooning , adorable Polaks , goofy young lovers , a pregnant lesbian best friend.There are close-ups of yummy Italian food and unbelievably adorable people having big dinner parties . Everyone is adorable . Even grandma , with her internet love affair with a minor . It 's so cute you really wish that at least one of the characters were serial killer.Everyone has tons of money and can fly between San Francisco to Italy without a moment 's care . Frances , the lead character , lives a life completely divorced from normal monetary concerns . This sounds like a fantasy but it comes across as creepy . `` Does this woman ever work ? Does money mean anything to her ? '' These questions become so annoying , and distasteful , that you are taken out of the movie.For a movie that got similar themes very right , check out David Lean 's 1955 `` Summertime , '' starring Katharine Hepburn and Rosano Brazzi . You love their onscreen romance , but you see that she is imperfect , and he is , too . `` Summertime '' is just as visually beautiful as `` Tuscan Sun , '' but it provides an artistic experience that `` Tuscan Sun '' ca n't even aspire to.I did n't much like this movie but I did like the actor playing Martini , the realtor who helped Diane Lane with so many things , including -- paging Dr. Freud -- a snake she could not find in her bedroom.There was a real chemistry between the two . He was n't the most handsome man in the movie , or the most sexually dynamic , but he was the one , I think , that most viewers probably wanted to see her end up with.He was married . But this is a movie . You have two characters with such great chemistry ; you could make his wife a harridan , or a lesbian -- not enough Italian lesbian movie characters out there -- or maybe she received a vocation from God and entered a convent . One that does n't allow husbands .
 I read the book . So of course , when I first found out about the movie , I was excited . But then , I found out the content of the movie . I am not normally a huge fan of non-fiction , but the book turned that around for me and inspired me to read more of it . I banned the movie in protest , but unfortunately I was staying with family and they rented it . What a disgusting insult to one of the most incredible books I have experienced . The richness of this book matched any fiction book I have ever read . I am insulted as a movie goer that they thought I would need the simpering whining `` heroine '' , The stereotypical lesbians -LRB- not that I have anything against lesbians -RRB- , the MARRIED man . Did n't her husband leave her for another woman ? I honestly can say that I do n't even think I would have liked this if I had n't read the book , as opposed to The Bourne Identity , Supremecy -LRB- two other Hollywood slayings -RRB- . Go ahead , use your marketing statistics and change the film , but do the readers of the book and its author , the graciousness of giving it another title . I was so offended at Diane Lane 's picture gracing the cover of the later additions of this book . So many people will miss out on an incredible journey in an incredible book because of this tripe movie . I hope that Frances Mayes is disappointed that she ever sold the rights .
 I rented this movie with the highest of expectations due to the things I had heard talked about it , like that it was funny and romantic and had wonderful scenery . What a disappointing story!The story had no sense of direction . It seemed badly glued together , as if the scriptwriters were saying , `` we 'll make her a divorced woman ... and then we 'll make her go on a gay tour ... and oh wait , let 's make her have no morals and have sex with a man she has n't known for even one day ... and lets make her flirt with the real estate man . '' All in all , the story turned out to be pretty stupid with nothing to admire in the main character .
 What a waste of two hours ! As a romantic comedy , it falls short on both romance and comdey . As a movie trying to give over a lesson , it is trite , overdone , and poorly performed . The writing is unimpressive , the story is dull and far fetched , and many details either make no sense or detract from the overall plot . What was the point ? They seemed to have forgotten to find one .
 Just saw this on DVD with a friend.We 're both gals in our forties and divorced , so as chicks of the target demographic , we were supposed to have swooned over it . But as every whopper of hugely unlikely scenario was put over on us -LRB- such as , for starters , her staggering expenditures on a writer-who-never-writes ' income and her snapping up a decayed villa without bothering to walk through it first -RRB- , and every flattery of 40-something vanity was heaped on to the point of utter derangement , our outrage mounted.What an imbecilic , pandering fraud this movie is ! So smug and enraptured with its Childlike Brilliance and Use of Symbols.The dialog is so flat footed , they should have had a podiatrist on the set -- and every character is a cliche of a cliche of a stereotype . Diane Lane has four facial expressions , employed in turn
 One of the biggest disappointments I have seen in some time . My main complaint is when I see a theatrical trailer for a movie , and that rrailer implies the movie is a comedy , and then the movie does not deliver what the trailer seems to have promised , I hit the ceiling.There are characters in this movie who 's inclusion makes no sense since they do n't advance the plot and do n't really come off as amusing either.The whole premise of buying a house in a foreign country in which you barely speak the language makes no sense either.I do n't know -- maybe it 's me -- it seems like the time would have been better spent watching a travel film on Tuscany.Ho-HUM !!
 This might be an ok movie to watch on a weekend when you 're bored and have absolutely nothing better to do . Of course it 's nothing like the book . It 's terribly contrived with some very unlikely scenes . For example , there 's this one scene where the long-haired Chinese man that shows up for an extended visit after his girlfriend dumps him actually gives birth . That just ca n't happen in real life !! Guys ca n't get pregant -LRB- yet -RRB- !! Anyway , forget about the movie . Read the book .
 So-so at it 's best . Great scenery . Good-looking men , but so typically `` chick-flick '' despite the true story . Diane Lane 's character is a disillusioned divorcee who takes a trip to Italy and on a whim decides to buy a house in the local area . Intitially , there is frustration as the maintenance and upkeep of the house becomes overwhelming , but in time , her curious neighbors become very close friends and she eventually becomes intertwined in their cheerful lives . In a country where love and passion is so rampant , why does she feel so lonely ? When wil her true amore come into her life?Cute flick , but not much depth to the story with very typical characters . The cinematography is lovely , though . Great flick for an empty afternoon .
 Was Very Very disappointed !! Movie though brand new , just out of the box it was stopping all the time during the latter part of the movie .
 I absolutely HATED this movie . It was SUCH a waste of my time . The first ten minutes made the movie seem worth watching , but then the storyline , along with my desire to watch it , fell dramatically after that . It was not worth my time ! I could n't wait for the credits to come . I found myself fast forwarding through parts , just to get through it quicker . The main character , Diane Lane , annoyed me . Plus , the storyline was depressing . Nothing ever went right in her life . I do n't see what other people see in it . I would not recommend watching this movie , unless you actually like being bored senseless .
 First , this movie has nothing to do whatsoever with the book except for the title . That said , once again Diane Lane plays someone who is supposed to be sympathetic as if she 's a sociopath . Really - when she looks serious , you think she 's about to kill someone . When she 's happy she looks like she just did . Then you have the fact that nothing that happens in the movie is realistic at all -- except , if someone like Cameron Diaz were in the title role , we 'd probably not care and even enjoy it . I feel used and cheap after being duped into watching this movie and I 'm no longer going to waste my time on DL 's films . She does n't deliver . If she plays a Black Widow , I 'll watch . If she plays another sensitive caring woman , I 'll hurl first .
 `` Under The Tuscan Sun ''
 Under the Tuscan Sun , sounds like a dish at Macaroni Grill , and the movie itself plays like a pre-processed plate of bland Italiano . Implausable plot , rediculous faux feel good moments.Diane Lane is so better than this cheesy little movie . . its Money Pit meets The View . Lets invent a new genre of movies , lets call this Terra Cotta Trite.I wont divulge the plot , because you ca n't prove a negative . Lets just say that if you want to see Diane Lane at her best , Unfaithful is a better bet.If you enjoy film that insults your intellect while shooting pretty scenes country side , then by all means enjoy !
 The scenery was beautiful ! The parts about the renovation of the villa were both interesting and funny ! Diane Lane is luminous in the role of Frances!Okay , now that I have that out of the way , let me tell you what I really think -- this movie was about as deep as a raindrop . It could n't decide whether it wanted to be a travel log or a two-hankie chick flick.It really goaded me that '' Frances '' , in order to recover from the heartbreak of divorce , discerned that the only thing she really needed to do in order to repair the damage to her poor heart was have sex with some guy she barely knew . It was n't about renovating the villa ; it was n't about making friends with her new neighbors ; it was n't even about being the rock-in-a-storm buddy for her pregnant lesbian friend -- it was MOSTLY about attracting a man long enough to have sex with him . `` Yes ! Yes ! I 've still GOT IT ! '' she announces ecstatically to the picture of the Blessed Virgin Mary that decorates her bed . As if the BVM should be expected to warmly congratulate Frances on her promiscuity.I would have admired `` Frances '' and the screenwriters if the renovation of the house could have served as a metaphor by taking what was old and crumbling and worn out -LRB- Frances ' life with her unfaithful ex -RRB- and turning it , despite its flaws , into something improved and lovely , with all the cracks and flaws seamlessly plastered into a whole piece again . It was sitting right there , waiting for them . Instead , what we as the viewers got was just another sad little tale about how a woman ai n't nothin ' if she ai n't got herself a man , even if she has friends who love her and an Italian villa to drool over .
 The story is probably a wonderful love story ; but , to get there you must suffer through the paper-thin character of a woman with no depth , no self , no mind ... , or an actor who can not portray a woman worth watching and not worthy of real love .
 I rented this movie thinking it would be a sweet , romantic , relatively clean movie that I could enjoy watching . However , I was absolutely offended by some of the content of this film . In the first 15 minutes , you 're introduced to a lesbian couple as they greet each other with a kiss on the mouth , and then announce that they 're having a baby together . In the same scene , the main character uses the f -- word and it sounds like it was inserted into the script simply for the shock value . Also , there 's teenage -LRB- and adult -RRB- premarital sex . Overall the film has a very casual attitude about sex and shows some rather graphic scenes for a PG-13 film . It 's just another attempt by Hollywood to get us all comfortable with homosexuality , promiscuity , and a general idea of `` If it feels good , do it . '' I would strongly advise against seeing this movie , especially with kids .
 I absolutely HATED this movie . It was SUCH a waste of my time . The first ten minutes made the movie seem worth watching , but then the storyline , along with my desire to watch it , fell dramatically after that . It was not worth my time ! I could n't wait for the credits to come . I found myself fast forwarding through parts , just to get through it quicker . I do n't see what other people see in it . I would not recommend watching this movie , unless you actually like being bored senseless .
 I like a good romantic comedy as much as the next weak-kneed guy , but this chickflick -LRB- which it squarely is -RRB- had so many dumb moments that I had trouble enjoying the stunning visuals of a sun-drenched Italy.To begin with the pivotal character , Diane Lane . Her performance as a crestfallen divorcee American writer is a disappointing , she twitched and grimaced like a female Hugh Grant , using delayed reaction goggle-eyes instead of emotion.Needless scenes abound . The self-grabbing congratulatory dance she did in her bedroom after scoring with her young stud was just plain agonizing to watch . Another awful scene was when Patti came back pregnant and abandoned and lay in the bed crying . Diane Lane 's face was vacant , with a fake little soap opera frown of concern on her brow and a simpering smile on her mouth . Awful , and inexcusable of the director to leave that shot in.Italian stereotypes ? Truckloads : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Crazy old contessa who takes bird poop on the forehead of a stranger as a sign to sell her the prized villa . Okay , whatever , even though she would have gotten more money from the German couple who had first dibs . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Suave love-em and leave-em Romeos ? All over the place . Even a romantic stud who says things like `` Your eyes are beautiful . I would love to swim in them '' . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Simple , good-hearted locals happy to pick your olives for you ? A villageful . -LRB- 4 -RRB- An inane young couple whose parents do n't consent to their idiotic relationship ? Yes , and our American sweetheart swerves their mind in less than 5 minutes . -LRB- 5 -RRB- People falling from trees in the backyard . Yep . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Three Italian construction workers who worked for 8-9 months for almost nothing while maintaining a wonderful attitude all the time ? Hmm.Whether all of this Hollywood view of countryside Italy suits your gullible palate or not , all of this is just too drawn out to retain a viewer 's attention.To add a final dollop of fuel to the fire , after all these ordeals , our poor Ms. Frances ends up with a goofy-looking failed American writer anyway . All that prime Italian beefcake down the drain . Like my evening watching this .
 This is a fun movie if you like the romantic comedy.Why 1 star ?? There is a scene where an old woman calls ayoung German couple `` facists '' . The irony is , the old lady is Italian . Whoever wrote the scene does n't own I history book Iguess . That 's a little on the predjudice side for me and it did n't belong in a comedy . I 'm glad the couple were n't African-American , I wonder what she would have called them.Don ' t support this garbage by buying it , loan it from your library .
 This movie is absolutely terrible , full of stereotypes and a BIG , unromantic , time waster . A chic flick ? If lesbian couples -LRB- one is pregnant by a sperm donor -RRB- being presented as normal Americana , promiscuous sex with strangers , gay tours of Italy -LRB- with lots of gay men running around at the beginning -RRB- seems romantic to you -- Then you 'll love this movie . If you 're a more traditional , the type that is mocked by Hollywood , then AVOID THIS MOVIE . The director seemed to be more interested in espousing her political views VS. crafting a well constructed , properly structured story . When will Hollywood figure out they are alienating a good portion of America with these liberal ideals ? < P -LRB- ... -RRB- Can you say `` convoluted '' . Can you say `` cliche '' . Diane Lane looks great for a 45 year old woman.And the chunk-headed pregnant lesbian is a really obnoxious character that I think was a bad casting choice -- Particularly during the opening party scene . An unsympathetic character to say the least . The trembling construction guy was much more endearing.Buy the film with Keanu Reeves picking grapes in Italy instead -- It 's a lot better !
 THIS MOVIE WAS GIVEN TO ME BY A FRIEND , THOUGHT I WOULD ENJOY IT , AND IN A WAY I DID , I JUST THOUGHT I WOULD SEE IT NOT BUY IT.THE SCENERY WAS AMAZING , THE STORY WAS A BIT DOWN . SAW IT ONCE DONT CARE TO SEE IT AGAIN . MY OPINION OF COURSE .
 Now , I understand this is what is referred to by kids these days as a `` chick flick '' . I am not foreign to these , as I have a wife whom I dearly love , despite her taste in movies that could only be construed as `` questionable '' . I have seen a good many Jennifer Lopez movies , several starring women in the workplace who are Feisty and will Probably Fall In Love With The Wrong Guy . However , no movie has insulted the intellect of its audience in quite so drastic a fashion as the movie which is Under The Tuscan Sun.Chick Flicks go through several different stages , depending on the target age of the audience watching them . For example , movies about Ugly Pretty Girls who are somehow changed into Lovely Prom Queens while retaining their Artistic and Sensitive Personalities would be a Stage 1 Chick Flick . As these same women progress into young adulthood , they tend towards movies with women who are Ad/TV Execs or News Columnists in big businesses in New York City . These women are never anything but the greatest at what they do . The women in these roles often have semi-wacky mishaps and either have a `` love interest '' male or witchy female competing with them for their jobs . There will also be a less attractive friend , probably played by Jeneane Garofolo.These are Stage 2 Chick Flicks.Many hours later of watching Lifetime and countless Danielle Steele novels about empowered female lawyers Learning To Love Again , the watcher of the Chick Flick is likely now in her mid 20s to early 30s . Their life has likely been a bitter disappointment on many fronts , and so they are prime targets for Stage 3 Chick Flicks . Stage 3 Chick Flicks generally include women who have had Struggles yearning To Do Stuff , and eventually doing whatever it was they were yearning about in the first place . And here we find Under The Tuscan Sun.The movie stars Diane Lane , who was also in Unfaithful , in which she has sex with someone other than Richard Gere . I 'm not sure what bearing this has on the review , but it was a far superior movie . Diane 's character 's name is Frances . She is from San Fransisco , and therefore has lesbian friends . I imagine she also enjoys Starbucks and votes Democratic . Frances has recently gone through her divorce -LRB- clearly not her fault , as this is a chick flick -RRB- and is pretty bummed about it . Her gay friends -LRB- who are expecting a baby , of course -RRB- decide to give the gift of going on a Gay in Tuscany Tour.Once in Tuscany , Frances -LRB- or Francesca , we 're in Italy now -RRB- decided to purchase a run-down villa . Evidently , it is incredibly easy for Americans to simply purchase Italian villas and decide to stay in the country . She is able to purchase the house because the old Italian lady sees a bird take a crap in the house . Seriously . Because . She . Sees . Bird . CRAP.Naturally , the house is a mess , and our journey of self-realization and feminine daydreaming is stopped in its tracks . Egads ! The place is a mess ! Much like her tortured psyche ! And the roof leaks ! And the toilet does n't work ! Ahhhh ! At this rate , never will she find self-reliance or the ability to love again!One of the lesbians -LRB- the pregnant one -RRB- comes to live with her because the other lesbian ran out on her . Negligent parenting -- it 's not just for heteros anymore ! Of course , she is free to travel while 8 months pregnant to Italy and stay for as long as she likes . `` Come on over ! '' says Italy , `` Anything we can get for you ? Stay as long as you need to , you poor alternative-lifestyle pregnant lady ! You 're everything an Italian villager would approve of ! `` There 's also a story about some Polish workers , but I do n't remember the particulars . One of the guys was in love with a girl , and at some point threw some flags in the air to prove it . Then again , this entire movie was throwing up red flags , so my memory lapse is understandable.We also learn that Italian men have a zest for life , and this zest manifests itself into what can only be called `` stalking women in public '' . Evidently , `` la dolce vita '' includes the need for restraining orders.Finally , the allegorical story of Frances ' heart -- I mean the house -- is starting to come together , so she starts to fall in love with an Italian man who says things like `` I drown in your eyes '' . He also drives a scooter , which just goes to show this guy is HARDCORE.Naturally , the guy ends up cheating on her . But that 's ok , because she 's learned to love herself , you see , and the once standoffish Italian neighbors now bring her veggies from their garden and say `` Buona Sera ! '' to her each radiant Tuscan morning , and the vineyard -LRB- quoty fingers `` Frances ' soul '' -RRB- is bearing fruit . Also , her lesbian friend gives birth , seemingly unphased about doing so in the middle of rural Italy . I 'm betting she did n't even transfer her Ob-Gyn records.I should mention throughout this movie Frances does not even have the damned civility to learn Italian . Apparently , evening classes were held so that the villagers could communicate in broken English . To add insult to injury , it seems living in Italy is enough to give you INCREDIBLE COOKING ABILITY . These ladies have been cooking Italian for 50 years , and Diane Lane blows them out of the water after 2 months.There 's also an amazingly irritating retired actress who decides to dress up like Fellini characters and makes a spectacle of herself in public . I imagine this is supposed to be a tribute to one of the greats of film , but if I received a tribute like this , I would poke out my eyes.Anyhow , at the end , there 's a nice wedding at the house and Diane West 's character falls for a nice Italian guy . Miraculously , the faucet in the house begins to work . Of course , there is no symbolism intended , unless to suggest two hours of your life have gone down the drain.This film may be insulting to lesbians , Eurotrash , Tuscan villagers , Italian immigration officials , and people who hate clumsy symbolism . The whole movie is like some poor romance novel combined with the DNA of a witless idealist and a tract on colonialism , exposed to gamma radiation for 48 hours , and then unleashed upon an unsuspecting world . Some movies break suspension of disbelief for a moment and are ruined . Under the Tuscan Sun would just like to break into suspension of disbelief once . It looks and feels like the naive dreams of a housewife who could n't point Italy out on a labeled map and thinks folks in different countries all just speak English with different accents.Two stars , simply because every movie I see from now on , no matter how horrible it is , I can say , `` well , it beats Under the Tuscan Sun '' .
 One sunday afternoon , I sat down to watch this movie with my girlfriend , and sat back awaiting stimulating entertainment ... . HOW WRONG COULD I BE!What a complete load of utter complete inane useless rubbish this movie is ... it is only funny if you are over 60 and like to sit in a cinema in a sleeping bag discussing being an old aged lesbian with nothing better to do than watch drivel with no point and a plot as predicatble as a an predicatble thing in a very predicatble place!I will not even offer this for re-sale , as I am so looking forward to destroying it in the most imaginative way possible ... any ideas ???
 I know this movie is just a story - but come on , guys !! This is meant to be ` based on a true story ' . I 'm sure the original book was nothing like this twaddle . I ca n't believe this film has so many gushing fans that love it so much.Sure , its pretty to look at , but ultimately the pretty scenery wears thin and your intelligence gets offended at every turn in the ` story ' . In the alternate universe that this movie takes place in , there 's no such thing as a visa , and piles of beautifully cooked food just pops into being . Vast quantities of it , too . And there 's no need to work for money , just renovate a villa for free , and then spend your days swanning around in it . That 's how you find true happiness.Obviously , this movie was made for Americans who will never leave the United States . Anyone who has travelled to another country knows the rigors of travel , and the difficulty involved in getting a visa for some countries , let alone a residency visa . I mean , you ca n't just be on a bus tour of another country , see a house for sale that you like , then buy it and live there forever . And then invite your friends from your country to come over and live there as well . The real world does n't work like that !!! And lastly - it does n't matter how fast you drive , there 's NO WAY you can get from Tuscany to Positano in and hour ! It takes nearly an hour to get from Naples to Positano , the road is so narrow and winding.Suspending belief for the duration of a movie is one thing - changing the universe to suit some idiot film-maker 's idea of reality is another . Especially when that movie is supposed to be ` based on a true story ' .
 I 'm such a goof ! I automatically assumed that the format of this DVD was for North America Region . I was so excited when it came in , I opend the package and went straight to my player to watch . Opps ! I discovered that the PAL format is not readable on my player . Though , I am aware of the many video formats out there , I still assumed that this DVD was just like any other DVD or Blue Ray that I have pruchased.The PAL is for countries like Japan and Europe , I confirmed my findings when I red the back information of the DVD package.Good thing that I have an adopted daughter in France , she will like this DVD . It 's just her format ! : - -RRB- Please be carefule when purchaseing video 's on amazon ... read carefuly that the format is for your country or else you may end up disapointed .
 maybe they are clever enough to figure out why these actresses , directors , producers , etc. are still in circulation.This film is not only BORING BORING BORING but also an INSULT to everyone ... except perhaps the Far Eastern looking `` actress '' who gets to play the `` friend '' of the protagonist , and who fairly deliberately ruins what was supposed to be a one night-stand -LRB- one-night lay to be more precise -RRB- anyway , on the part of the slow , but dark-looking Italian HOD -LRB- hunk of the day , my abbreviation , he-he -RRB- . Do n't worry , a bearded , rugged looking American is going to fill the Italian 's rubber shoes ... Sorry for italianizing and americanizing but there is more than enough of that going on in the film , at least on the DVD version.The film forgot to elaborate on the potential dangers of adult owls snatching kittens though , as it 's a romantic , and not a realistic view of the world , and it was definitely not meant to be a horror flick . Then again , some of the scenes are pure horror .
 This was one of the most predictable , syrupy , twisted excuses for a movie I have seen in a long time . Based on unlikely premises , this movie is about a woman who gets the very raw end of a divorce -LRB- we 're supposed to feel sorry for her within the first 3 minutes of the movie -RRB- and then takes a vacation -LRB- courtesy of her gay lover friends -RRB- and buys a villa in Tuscany based on a whim . Somehow she has enough lire to fix things up , enough moxie to make friends with Italians -LRB- ? -RRB- and live in a small town . In case the audience does n't `` get '' that men are cruel and heartless , she has yet another experience with a philandering man whom she has fallen for -LRB- but never bothered to tell him -RRB- . Finally her pregnant gay friend from San Francisco -LRB- now herself jilted by the ` man ' in her relationship -RRB- comes and delivers her baby in Tuscany , creating a ` family ' that our protagonist always wanted in theory . Gimmie a break . This movie rates one star because the scale does n't go lower .
 This was the most boring movie and the most wretched performance I have ever seen from Diane Lane . All she did was sigh through the first 45 minutes .
 I may have read the description wong but the DVD wo n't play . States wrong source . In small letters on the box it says it 's the UK version . Ca n't fiind by receipt so I ca n't return it . I was really looking forward to sharing it with someone special . : -LRB-
 I love romantic movies that are plausible . This movie had Hollywood written all over it . The two teenagers for one -- what parent would turn their daughter over to a stranger from a foreign -LRB- Poland -RRB- country with no family based on another stranger from a foreign -LRB- United States -RRB- country 's recommendation ? Frances ' argument for them to be together was a weak argument , which confirms my belief that Hollywood has n't a clue on how to properly raise children . Also , the gay couple could have been left out -- the director obviously wanted to promote gay pride , but the couple did n't fit this story or the director could have evolved their characters more I hope that I can afford to buy the home of my dreams as easily as the central character did and not have to worry about where the money is going to come from to renovate it . I believe the author did n't mean for the story line to go in the direction that the director took it . How painful it must have been for her to watch how her memoir was butchered by the `` Hollywoodized '' screenplay . It could have been better -LRB- some scenes are painful to watch -RRB- .
 Very little plot , VERY predictable , just a movie to show off a pretty face.The only saving part of the movie were the carpenters that helped Ms. Lane restore the old Tuscan villa that she had purchased . They were also a bit predictable , but rather endearing .
 As a guy who watched this movie with some girls , I came in knowing it was a `` chick flick , '' but that did n't scare me off too bad . I 've seen a few chick flicks and they 're not too bad.This was different though . Even the girls did n't like it . The writing was terrible . `` What is it about love that just makes us crazy ? '' I mean , come on , they say that kind of thing on `` Saved by the Bell . '' While the setting was very beautiful , I found myself only for a few minutes REALLY wanting to go to Italy . There was still a lot more that could be done with the setting.And even though it is a movie and movies are n't always realistic , you do have to wonder where she gets her money and what she was doing before she left and if she had to get a license or something to `` suddenly '' buy a home in a foreign country . I do n't know , there were a few okay moments here and there , but what really ruined this movie was at the end -LRB- I wo n't give it all away -RRB- everything seemed set to be over and suddenly there were three more minutes to the movie that I feel like kind of destroyed the whole story . Sorry , a little vague , but this one almost earned two stars .
 I hated this dismal movie . Not completely , of course . Diane Lane , the villa , Italy and the builders are lovely , but the story is dismally surreal . First you have the divorce , then the lesbian couple , then a gay tour bus , then some promiscuous italians , then more breakups , then a nice pormiscuous fellow writer . Yuck . There is no romance in this movie - this is not romantic , it 's a biological and twisted tale of some womens pre-menopausal angst and bedroom problems . And as if her bedroom problems were n't enough , we get everbody else 's too . What happened to nice normal romantic comedys in the Audrey Hepburn style ?
 I was SO disappointed when I saw this film . I have friends in Tuscany who saw the crew shooting this during production , so I was really looking forward to going and seeing it , since I 've never had the pleasure of going to Italy myself . I will give this movie some credit . If I had to rate this movie based on scenery and physical environment I would give it 5 stars all the way ! The scenery was breathtaking and gorgeous ! However ... The rest was just awful ! The whole storyline is predictable and it 's another example of Hollywood using the same formula at scoring for an audience . This movie had the potential to be good , I just wish Hollywood did n't interfere with the process . Because it is a Hollywood film , it has no depth and every problem had -LRB- surprise surprise ! -RRB- a miracle-fairytale-love-can-conquer-all-happily-ever-after-solution . In typical fashion , the movie is also full of ignorant stereotypes . You have your leading beautiful , blond actress -LRB- Diane Lane - who is not a bad actress that 's why I feel sorry for her that she had to be in this film -RRB- , a token Asian friend -LRB- because of course you need a minority to be correct in Hollywood 's ridiculously politically correct world -RRB- , and of course Italian people that they stereotyped to death . If you talk to any real Italian or European person they will tell you that this is a disgrace to what Europeans pride themselves on being . Hollywood thinks they know about different cultures and the rest of the world , but after seeing this film , you wonder if any of the people who made this film ever actually had any friends that were n't American .
 Bottom Line
 This not a window into Italy , but rather an American contrivance of Italy . Cliches abound . Comedy forced . I have disowned all who claim to even mildly enjoy this movie . Questa film e ' merda .
 Easily , the worst film of the year.Manipulative , ham-fisted , sloppy , insulting mess of a movie.Imagine some chick-flick parody in `` The Simpsons '' and you 'll get pretty close -LRB- add some strange PC garbage for a good measure -RRB- . Close to a bad soap opera episode.BTW I like both Diane Lane and Tuscany , but nothing can redeem this gross and pathetic caricature.I 've learnt my lesson though - Audrey Wells work is to be avoided at all costs .
 I should have read the reviews before wasting $ 10 bucks at BB for this used dvd . I bought it for my wife . She wanted to see it but as I write this review I am watching it with her and we both think this movie is a fairy tale . Please , please ... if this movie had any sense of reality I would be the first one to move to Italy . Enough ! Read what others have said before me for more specific . I WANT MY MONEY BACK !
 Diane Lane is the only redeemable part to this lame effort.The film takes tremendous liberties with the plot from the book . Way way too much PC madness.A waste of time and money .
 From the onset , this movie was stilted and poorly developed . While Diane Lane is wonderful in some other films , she was -LRB- or her character was -RRB- irritating at best in this one . The plot is trite , Hollywood drivel . Some of the costuming and lightingwere well-done . I 'd like my two hours back . This one is definitely going to be donated to the library where people canbe tortured by it for free -- but not me -LRB- again -RRB- !
 This is another movie in the long line of movies trying to shove homosexuality down our throats . Conveniently they do n't mention the premis anywhere , making it look like a normal movie that you might like to rent . If you have any morals at all , do n't waste your money on the gay agenda .
 Movies approach responses to pain in either one of two ways
 Suffering a rank case of postmodern personality disorder - dead split between traditional and avant-garde mores - `` Under The Tuscan Sun '' seeks to embrace its main character , a divorced writer reinventing her life along with a villa in the Italian hills , and then poke fun at her , doling out equal amounts of ladybugs and Fellini . It plays a basic genre con , pretending to be a Travel Picture while its main trade is the same movie-of-the-week dramatics Lisa Hartman has been gnashing her teeth over for years.Diane Lane , in an apology for her brave , sexy performance in `` Unfaithful , '' is Frances Mayes , jilted and unmoored on a gay tour of Italy -LRB- set up by her gay friend , played by Sandra Oh -RRB- while writing esteemed lines on postcards such as `` ding , dang , dong , the bell rang '' and stumbling upon a house and garden ripe for remodeling , and her entire bank account.Writer / director Audrey Wells does n't particularly consider this villa with her camera ; we get glimpses of rooms , a concept of the garden , but Lane never presented in anything but regal close-up . There are obligatory , Remember-It 's - Tuscany helicopter shots , but the movie 's two most impressive visuals - a sunset on the beach and Florence at dawn - are special f/x , blue screen manipulations . Shameless.But Wells is n't out for an American version of `` Enchanted April . '' She is , however , offering the full tour of women 's issues
 I rented this movie while my husband was out of town , looking forward to a good chick flick . By the middle of my movie , I could n't believe I was still sitting there , and by the end , I wanted my $ 4.00 back from Blockbuster . The story did not keep my attention and the pregnant friend has got to be the worst actress ever . I do not recommend this at all !
 Diane Lane is a gifted actress who had just started to come into her own in recent times . I realise that good scripts are n't plentiful for actors over 35 , but Diane should have left this one alone . I also have to agree with another reviewer about Diane 's facial expressions during this film - quite annoying!Full of every cliche possible , the film does not allow you to think even for a second . On top of that , every scene seemed to be stolen from another movie.The scenery thankfully is the movie 's saving grace . Watch it for that alone.Definitely disappointed with this .
 Early on in `` Under the Tuscan Sun , '' Diane Lane 's character Frances , a writer dumped by her husband and now on a gay tour of Tuscany , helps out a fellow American by writing a postcard to send to his mother . He takes one look at her flowery , overwrought prose and throws it down in disgust , saying , `` Mom will never believe I wrote that ! '' Like the words on that postcard , there are many cringe-worthy moments in this film.We get a homogenized , romanticized view of Tuscany , the way most middle-aged American women who feel unloved by their cloddy spouses might imagine it . Stereotypes abound -- there 's the red-hot younger Italian lover -LRB- named Marcello , of course -RRB- whose broken English is supposed to be charming ; the free-spirited , batty English woman -LRB- the fabulous Lindsay Duncan trapped inside a cliche -RRB- who takes joy in shocking the locals ; the star-crossed young lovers ; the elderly man still pining for his dead love ; and the sassy yet approachable gay friend.Diane Lane is stunning as usual , but she mugs for the camera and hams it up a la Julia Roberts or Meg Ryan in too many instances , as if the audience might be too stupid to pick up on nuanced emotion . She 's played unhappy characters of this age before , and much more subtly and convincingly , in `` Unfaithful '' and `` A Walk on the Moon . `` The views of Tuscany are gorgeous and motivation enough to make you want to drop everything and run off to Italy , even if the film itself is a forgettable , sometimes fun romp .
 I ca n't believe anyone would write a positive view of this movie . I hope that Frances Mayes took the money and ran , because in this chick flick to end all chick flicks she 's portrayed as almost a total bimbo , whereas she was actually running a department at a university.The problem is that the producer took very small parts of books on renovating a house in Tuscany , and added a totally unrelated focus on love . People love at every corner , and our heroine , who in both books spent almost all her time with her boyfriend , is bouncing uncontrollably around all the foreigners , all of whom might have an affair with her even though they 're married.The chick-flickyedness of the movie goes over the top , with the producer not willing to give up the slightest clich&eacute; . You want kittens ? We have kittens ! You want babies ? We have babies ! You want handsome men who will have an affair with you , even though they 've just met you ? Got them too ! Too bad none of the books had this . That also goes for the Italian public servant , who is a ravishing blonde who used to be a Fellini starlet , and the boy-toy polish worker who is sleeping with his girlfriend in Mayes ' bed.Just when you think it ca n't get any worse , the asian friend of Mayes -LRB- another producer invention -RRB- shows up after you were glad she 'd been left in the USA , and proceeds to give an even more leaden performance than at the beginning of the movie . However , this gives Diane Lane the chance to make meaningful but meaningless facial expressions -LRB- check out Lane 's look when Sandra Ho is dancing , holding her baby -RRB- . I think that if you find this movie fascinating reading either of the books will be an intellectual challenge .
 I only made it 15 minutes into this movie before I turned it off . My only question -LRB- and this pertains to plot , action sequences , dialogue , etc. -RRB- is WHY ?
 I am * strongly * considering naming this remake of Rollerball one of the worst films I 've ever watched . At least when I watch a terrible horror film , I watch it until its conclusion . With this crap ? I had to fight with my hand not to switch it over.The most obvious problem is that instead of focusing around actual rollerball tournaments and , according to the description , fast-paced action , the entire film is basically a huge party atmosphere with younger people doing absolutely nothing at * all * but standing around laughing and drinking . The entire rollerball aspect is n't even noticeable , and had I not known the name of the movie and just turned it on , it never would have occurred to me it 's even SUPPOSED to be about rollerball . That 's a dead giveaway something is seriously wrong.The evil side of me wanted to see the people riding down the highways to actually get hit by one of the many vehicles because at least going to the hospital would have provided a more enticing concept than whatever kind of crap the writers were attempting here.There is no storyline whatsoever . It 's completely missing . If it 's there I sure as heck could n't find it . What a terrible waste of my time . It brings me comfort knowing I 'm the 50th person giving it a 1-star review . I ca n't recall the last time I had to witness so much nothingness pertaining to , well , nothing at all . That accurately describes this trash .
 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer has a fascinating career slump , dating the origins of its downfall for many years . The company used to be the king of producing movies , or at least it and Warner Bros. saw eye-to-eye , but the trouble began once Ted Turner bought the majority of the MGM library in the mid-1980s . And then in the mid-90s , MGM started heading down the quality crapper with the release of `` Showgirls '' , a movie I personally thought was enjoyable but I had to acknowledge the critical lashing the film had . From then on , it kept a consistent record of producing below-average movies , with very few non-UA movies worth praising ; not even the recent James Bond movies -LRB- sans `` Casino Royale '' -RRB- helped them with their downward slope . As of now , the once-roaring studio is in financial trouble and in danger of being bankrupt -LRB- despite being sold to multiple companies -RRB- , so what films did it accomplish in recent years ? `` Soul Plane '' , `` College '' , `` The Mod Squad '' , `` Sleep Over '' , `` Good Boy '' , `` Jiminy Glick in Lalawood '' , `` Fame '' remake ... and this movie , `` Rollerball '' . What can I say , at least they had `` Barbershop '' . I 'm on the defense to say this is n'tthe worst of the worst , but if this movie expected for me to accept a dystopian world where corrupt businessmen are using this sport as a global-televised sensation , then it had another thing coming . It 's glorified roller derby , for goodness sake , and the way it was set-up is impractical . This sport had a pretty small field of play , no bigger than a regular skating rink . Since many players had to fill in the stage , it would be pretty cluttered to watch and to experience , and this sport is suppose to include skateboarders AND motorcyclists . Do you know how crazy is it to ride a motorcycle in a small area surrounded by other players ? There 's no way one can drive fast and maneuver around the field without running over the majority of players ; although logic like that seem dismissible in this film since one biker manage to run over a player and he did n't get seriously injured . And what are the rules of this game , besides hitting a metal ball at a goalpost ? The film 's final act decided not to have any rules , but I did n't know what the rules were to begin with ; the chubby announcer in the film had n't any idea what to make of this sport either.Even if I 'm just humoring the premise , I ca n't deal with the film taking obnoxious lengths to be edgy . For this movie to be edgy , every character has to be cocky and insulting each other -LRB- this is par for every sport , though -RRB- , they have to wear spikes and other ridiculous get-ups -LRB- with the girls wearing dominatrix attire -RRB- , the largely heavy metal soundtrack had to blast Slipknot and Rob Zombie whenever it can , and there has to be lots of jump cuts whenever the action occurs . It tried too hard to be extreme that the film reached the point of pretentiousness.And then there 's the plot , which has `` The Running Man '' written all over it . Chris Klein is the lead hot-shot , LL Cool J is the black partner , and Rebecca Romijn is the fanservice ; they 're part of an elite team of the popular sport , which is controlled by Jean Reno , and once they know how corrupt the sport is , they planned to fight their way out . The lack of any exposition is what nearly destroyed this movie . Somehow , everyone knows what 's going on and where to go at particular moments without being told , so a lot of events just happened out of change . There 's too many characters and the film did n't bother to establish most of them , and often times it pulled random conveniences out of its edgy behind -LRB- i.e. , how that one character manages to steal the locker key off of some other character without showing it -RRB- . The convoluted , inexplicable plot and the obnoxious hardcore attitude about itself made `` Rollerball '' almost unenjoyable . I say ` almost ' , because I admit in enjoying the climax of the film , which had some tension and it was n't boring -LRB- plus , I have a thing foruprisingconclusions -RRB- ; plus , the whole desert sequence shot in night-vision was certainly new , if a bit of an odd design choice . But there are better movies out there follow this kind of dangerous premise and it 's best to see those instead , like `` Death Race '' .
 I saw this movie in theaters with a friend and my brother . I was expecting a exciting movie but it was exactly NOT that ! The movie does n't make sense and there really is n't a plot . Do n't waste your time or your money on this movie !
 The John Houseman character from the excellent James Caan original version , jumped into a time machine with the intent of destroying the social commentary critical to multinational monopolies from the first film and spreading cultural plastics so prevalent in his future history . The result is dumbed down junk where you must give up the idea of wondering how movie executive 's decisions are made . I think he did a good job .
 The movie has a vague plot , meaningless items , -LRB- like the facial tattoo -RRB- , and a loud , annoying soundtrack which frequently overwhelms the dialog . The additional injection of non-english conversations , which it only translated occasionally , simply adds to the confusion . No real resemblence to either the novel or the original movie . I 'd find 90 minutes of the Shopping Channel more entertaining .
 Several masters of action film have fallen prey to the undisciplined chaos of post-MTV , music-video-style editing and filmmaking . Tony Scott 's Spy Game was one , but that film at least had the star power of Robert Redford and Brad Pitt to rescue it . Rollerball , on the other hand , has no redeeming features -- it is easily the worst film in John McTiernan 's oeuvre.Which is sad , because McTiernan 's resume is an astonishing one
 Having read the novella Rollerball prior to the first version being made , and having seen that one on the big screen , I awaited the remake . It came & went big screen in near record time . That should have been warning enough . Unfortunately I rented this piece of **** and even worse , I watched the whole thing . All the time thinking , it ca n't be this bad , it has got to get better . It is that bad , and it never got better . Other than the title , and some aspects of the game , nothing in common witht he original book . Very little in common with the first movie . James Caan vs. who ever he was . No contest Caan . Even Jean Reno is wasted in this mess . Poorly scripted , poorly acted , poorlly shot , poorly edited . And loud , I mean Loud , you know LOUD . I really wanted to give this zero stars , but that was not an option .
 Im begging you now do NOT watch this film at any cost . It is an awful thing -LRB- cant bring myself to call it a film -RRB- with shoddy acting horrendous set design and one of the most fake , boring scripts ever . If you really want to buy it I suggest purchasing it for the pure pleasure of watching it burn !
 Rollerball is a remake of a 1975 science fiction film of the same name that only succeeds in showing what the world would be like if the XFL had become the rage . With how many problems this movie had in production , it was a surprise to see it touch theatres.Chris Klein , LL Cool J , and Rebecca Romijn-Stamos all phone in their roles as rollerbladers in a high stakes game that is televised worldwide . The cookie-cutter nemesis is played by Jean Reno as the owner and general manager of the tournaments . And with John McTiernan -LRB- director of Die Hard -RRB- at the helm , the whole thing is unexcusable . It looks like he is well past his prime.In the original , the hard-core sport of Rollerball was a way for the ruling government of the world to show that individual effort was useless and futile , and only ended in death . In this unworthy remake , the ruling corporations are replaced by managers of the game with no other motive than to get higher ratings and greater profits.This action disaster takes no hints from it 's predecessor . The James Caan version was timeless , using classical music to keep the movie from being dated and holding the action with a very well-done sci-fi backstory . This is a movie filled with pop music that does n't even fit the action and a barely-there plot that is filled with unnecessary car races and entirely unexciting action scenes.The game consists of rolling around a figure eight track with the help of rollerblades and teammates on motorcycles , trying to beat the other team by throwing a steel ball into a large gong . Unlike the strategy and planning that went into the original 's gameplay , this version looks like a circus . The action is filled with slapstick falls and dubbed-in lines with the actors not even openning their mouths . Somehow it manages to be entirely unexciting , with even the announcer looking bored and immersed on and off . Spills look entirely unrealistic and overplayed , while music completely unfitting the action drones loudly . Costumes look like chromed rejects from cirque de solei , with oversized helmets looking downright silly . All in all , for a movie named after a game , no thought was put in and these are the worst parts of the movie.The plot jumps from here to there constantly with characters changing their standings instantly ; leaving the viewer without a clue as to anyone 's personality . To bring the movie up to an R rating after it 's PG-13 theatrical run , unnecessary bare breasts and dubbed-in language have been placed rampantly . Cinematography during the action sequences is indecipherable , with horrible editing added in.By the time you get to the car chase filmed in night-vision and textbook face-off at the end , you realize some movies are great on their own and do n't need an updating - they are great as they are . Do yourself a favor and pick up the original for a great action-science-ficiton romp that has brains and brawn .
 I 'll keep it short and simple.At least for me , there are moments in life that redefine pain and pleasure . A point that you can use to envy or be thankful for . Like if you won the lottery . I 'm sure that every good thing that happened to you from then on would be slightly paler in comparison . You might get a free bun from cinabon and think , `` Mmmm , this is a good bun ... but it 's not as good as that one time I won the lottery.Rollerball is the opposite of winning the lottery . If the lottery was where once a year someone was picked to get puched in the face on world-wide television , and one year it happened to be you , the feeling you would get of dread and unjustice would be close to how it feels to watch Rollerball . Rollerball redefined pain for me . Last month I had a horrible case of the stomach flu and spent most of 2 days staring into the toilet . During that time I was seriously thankful that at least I was n't watching Rollerball.I guess that is at least one benefit of the movie , and justifies it getting one star . Now all the bad things that happen to me do n't seem to be that bad anymore . Car Accident ? Well at least I 'm not watching Rollerball ... Pet Died ? At least the pet is in a place where I am sure this movie does not exist ... Forget to pay the rent and get kicked out of your appartment ? You get the picture.Money spent on paying someone to physically harm you is money better spent than buying Rollerball . Because Rollerball hurts you in more ways : -LRB-
 I should say , `` worse than Battlefield Earth proportions ! '' This whole movie makes you just sit there at the end and go , `` why ? '' Everything about this convoluted , sarcastic , beefed up , badly edited tripe is confusing to watch , poorly executed and loses you 10 minutes into the film . You are introduced to boring characters , cliched camera angles and material we all know John Mcteirnan is far more capable of . I was thankful I got to rent this instead of buying it because quite frankly this movie just plain stinks ! If you really want to see the real `` Rollerball '' rent -LRB- do n't buy -RRB- the original . The original has a much stronger story and for cryin out loud-James Caan ! He 's a legend man !! I do n't know what kind of future Chris Klein has in movies but as far as action movies go , let 's just put it this way , we already have Keanu Reeves and quite bluntly , he 's a much better actor . Steer clear and save your money !
 In this terrible remake of 1975 film , Jean Reno plays an `` evil '' owner and manager of violent sports -LRB- or entertainment if you like -RRB- called `` Rollerball . '' Just like a cross between rollerskating and ice hockey , people all over the world are excited watching the thrilling games - well , he wants it that way . No enters Chris Klein 's character that soon becomes a new hero of the circuit , but he realizes that some heinous plot is going on when one of his teammates got heavily injured by receiving a big iron ball in the face.Well , that is the film 's story , sort of . Actually , nothing really makes sense in those badly edited `` game scenes '' where players are seen hitting each other rollerskating , and motorcycles with howling engines stumbling on the rink -LRB- and one of the riders is beautiful Rebecca Romijn-Stamos from `` X-Men '' but you can not recognize her ... again . -RRB- To be honest , I had no idea of what is going on and I 'm afraid you wo n't either . Rules ? Sorry , I thought there was an introductory part about them , but I stopped caring as the film got more and more incredible.The original `` Rollerball '' a cult film by Norman Jewison , knew what it wanted by drawing the bleak vision of our near future and its actions are still refreshing and exciting to see . But this remake most unaccountably ignores the tone of the original 's futuristic society and stays content just showing meaninglessly violent stunts . The film remains pointless throughout I thought as it has no drama not even a decent story and no character . The game scenes look terribly bland . In fact they look dull compared with what we can see on some cable TV programs.To be fair , there are some good action scenes like opening skateboarding race or bike chasing in the midnight . But strangely they have virtually nothing to with the premise of the film , game of the title . Chris Klein is good and Jean Reno is just OK , but the latter 's charisma seen in such great films as `` The Professional '' can not be found here . And most strangely this thrill-free film is directed by John Mcteirnan of thrilling action film `` Die Hard . ''
 The original Rolerball and this 2002 remake have recently been making the rounds on cable-TV . Simply , putting sequel up against the original is like comparing the XFL to the NFL.The remake is simply dreadful , with a poor script , equally poor casting and a gimmicky figure-eight track with tunnels & sidetracks which is played on rollerblades - with other team members on motorcycles - and goals scored with the metal ball . Based in central Asia , the game becomes increasingly violent to boost TV ratings - especially in America - and to make for growing fan interest.It takes the anticorporate stance of Jonathon E and morphs him into outlaw exteme sports lover Jonathon Cross -LRB- Chris Klein -RRB- , who ultimately leads the players and fans in a revolt against the senseless violence pushed by sport founder Alexi Petrovich -LRB- Jean Reno -RRB- and the networks . Sounds like a bad WWE storyline , and that may be why motormouth Paul Heyman is the `` announcer '' for the games . I was waiting for Heyman to belt out , `` It 's Extreme , '' several hundred times.Put LL Cool J , who plays an old friend of Cross and the person who gets him involved in the game , in the lead role and he may have saved the character from being absolutely unbelievebale . Perhaps putting Heyman as the evil entrepreneur may have made for a more sinister Petrovich.And slowing the cinema-photography down from its rapid cuts may have forced editors to let the story speak volumes like the original . But in the end , Rollerball is a poor attempt in updating a movie that did n't need it .
 Some movies are bad and worth watching ` cos they 're bad , this one however is just a total stinker - no redeeming features whatsover . A total waste of time . Do not buy . Do not watch .
 I was surprised and delighted to see this `` remake '' . After purchasing I was , well , disappointed . I guess because the framework of the story was the same but nothing else was . The modernisation of the action was poor , the story only Ok and I did n't find it engaging except in one scene . A satisfying ending with all the story nicely wrapped up but I think the cast deserved a better story line and sticking to the original concept and doing a real remake with modern cinema techniques could have made this a four star candidate . Oh well I guess we 'll never see a good modern updated version because this certainly is not it !
 The temptation to re-make movies is evidence of the fact that there is little creativity in Hollywood . This movie is evidence that there are people in Hollywood who should not be allowed to go to movies let alone make them.The original is not all that great , but it was in fact original and had some very interesting photography and stunts . This version is insipid to the point of stupidity ; the photography stinks , and the stunts are mostly cut-and-paste special effects.The people who made this should be banned from any association to movie making for life ! So why did I buy it ? By mistake ! I had a copy of the original and thought a comparison would be interesting . I was wrong . Learn from my error and avoid this like the very plague .
 Most of the classic science-fiction , horror movies of the late sixties/mid-seventies were message movies
 The original was original . This was just the same , event the motorcycles were the same from the original . Come on !
 Do n't waste your time or money on this remake . Even Rebecca 's hotness ca n't save it . Watch the original with James Caan .
 The old saying hollywood never lost money underestimating the intelligence of the american people really hits you in the groin with this head shaker of a release.While the orignal classic rollerball has n't even gotten an anamorphic dvd release , let alone a blu-ray !
 The setting for this movie is not in the future !!!! It is current day , and takes place in a poor European country . The arena they skate in looks like a very cheap prop from American Gladiators . There is VERY LITTLE SPECIAL EFFECTS and no high tech equipment .15 minuets of the movie is done with a night vision camera , so everything you see is either dark green or picth black.Most of the action happens within the rollerball arena . There are only a few action sceens on the streets of the city .
 there was no need for this movie . While i like LL Cool J and liked him in this movie and Chris Klein -LRB- as Jonathon Kross -RRB- was pretty good , the rest was pretty mediocre . a story of the new sport of rollerball where our hero Jonathon , played by the previously mentioned Chris Klein , is resting his hopes that the NHL will call when he runs into Marcus Risley , played by LL Cool J.Jonathon gets talked into going to the fast rising sport in Russia called rollerball and not only does he join but he becomes the top star and posterboy . to further boost ratings the league starts promoting violence . of course jonathon fights this and there in lies the point of contention.i felt the editing fo the movie was choppy and most importantly they never really explained the rules of the game . i never knew anything about rollerball as a sport . it was the heart of the film -LRB- and the title -RRB- and yet they never gave it a minute to show the audience what it was all about.part hockey , part lacrosse and part sci-fi fantasy future sport that had crowds to their feet on screen but managed to bore me . if this sport is so good , why not explain it . draw the vierwer in and make him love it . the writing was bland and the flow of the movie was anti climatic.i see most other reviewers did not like it . how did anyone like this movie ? believe the naysyers and seek greener pastures elsewhere .
 How could so many things go so wrong ?! There are so many things wrong with this movie I do n't know where to start!Chris Klein is sorely miscast as the lead . The rollerball game itself has been turned from it 's original rollerderby/football hybrid into a jumbled mess.John McTiernan should have had his name removed from this film and replaced with Alan Smithee.Hard to believe this came from the director of PREDATOR , DIE HARD , and THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER , three superlative action films.I do n't feel like going into too much detail , because just thinking back on this movie is painful for me.Periodically , you 'll see a movie that has had too many `` creative hands '' in it . Plot lines and other elements were changed or created to please focus groups , principle photography began before a script was completed , or the whole project was initiated simply because the studio was SURE it had a built-in audience.Film students learn on day one of Filmmaking 101 that even if you have all the right ingredients , that alone is n't enough to make a good movie . There also has to be respect for the source material , good acting and directing , and cooperation between the director , the producers , and the studio . With ROLLERBALL , everything seemed to go wrong . EVERYTHING!Rollerturkey !
 ` Rollerball ' is a god-awful remake of the 1975 Norman Jewison film about a fictional sport in which murdering the players becomes a primary object of the game . The original film acquired what little credibility it had by setting the story sometime in the distant future . This version is set in the present , but it tries to maintain its believability by locating the league in Southwest Asia , under the parochial assumption , I suppose , that that part of the world is every bit as alien , exotic and dehumanized as any hypothetical future society . It does n't work . It is simply impossible for us to believe even for a split second that the owners and promoters of this sport would think they could get away with such murderous shenanigans broadcast live to millions of viewers the world over . Might not the United Nations , among other international organizations , have a thing or two to say about all this ? Also , will someone please explain to me just WHAT purpose is served by having the promoters of this sport killing off their own players ? Does n't that sort of deplete their own resources for future games ? I ca n't imagine too many people willingly signing on to engage in this sort of gladiatorial tomfoolery.Even if we agreed to swallow the whole thing merely for the sake of the entertainment value of the film , we would be forced to admit that ` Rollerball ' is a chintzy , clunky , uninteresting movie in all respects . The sport itself - sort of a cross between motor cross racing , roller derby , hockey and basketball - is completely unexciting , consisting of little more than blurred figures racing madly around a cramped , claustrophobic track . Without even the context of good action sequences , ` Rollerball ' is forced to fall back on its dialogue and characters , which proves to be disastrous for all concerned . Chris Klein , in the role of hotshot Jonathon Cross - played by James Caan in the original - comes across as a minor league version of Keanu Reeves . LL Cool J is wasted in the part of Jonathon 's American sidekick , and poor Jean Reno gets to play one of the most laughable villains we 've run across in a movie in a long long long long time.In fact , this redux turns out to be good for nothing BUT a few hearty laughs . If you are in need of such , check out ` Rollerball . ' It 's a real hoot .
 `` Rollerball '' in theatres was an awesome , bone-crunching , action-packed movie ! But once it got on video & DVD ... they added in nudity & took out scenes . It was terrible . The camera work was even altered when it came on video . I would n't have mind if they at least put the theatrical version on video too ... bet they did n't ! WHAT HAPPENED WHEN THEY TRANFERED THE FILM ?
 This film was a major disappointment . I expected so much more from the director of freaking `` Die Hard '' . The direction , acting , and writing were all a joke . This film left you with the feeling that it was all just thrown together , and no one took it that seriously . There were lots of things in this film that just did n't make any sense at all . Someone explain
 Nothing more to say , this is one of the worst movies ever . Bad script , stupid story , terrible shooting , boring acting . I highly do n't recommend this title .
 What the heck ? This movie is rated R ! The theatrical version was rated PG-13 ! Now I 'm not allowed to get or see this movie , which was only mediocre to begin with . Great job !
 This movie is pointless and stupid . The acting and camera work sucks . The story is sesame streetish and moronic . Stay very far away from this one .
 This is a grotesque despoliation of a classic film . Essential elements of the background storyline are not properly established . There are scenes whose purpose within the overall structure simply defies understanding . The nighttime ` escape attempt ' sequence is shot in a bizarre green blur and was extremely unpleasant to watch . Hideous music plays frequently but the nail in the coffin of this film is the poverty of the in-game action sequences . These are generally nothing more than a confusing melange of images . The transitions from one camera shot to another seem very poorly done and it is really impossible to follow the internal dynamics of each game .
 Well , most of the people here are ripping this movie pretty good . One of the most glaring things that I noticed was the poor editing job ; there are several instances where it looks like one of those old silent films where one minute a character is one place and another minute a character is another place . It is amazing to find that kind of thing happen these days in movies . Still , I think this movie had some potential . It was a relatively good action movie that used the corruptability of sports and ratings as its main theme . The basic premise is that in order to get ratings powerful sports organizers are willing to do anything , including sometimes brutal accidents , to achieve this . You may choose to look at this as a stab at what we do in America today -LRB- such as reality type television -RRB- , or you may take it to `` glamourize '' this type of action -LRB- which I do not think the producers were trying to do -RRB- . The lack of star power and script really hurts this movie , however . Also , it is overdone with a soundtrack that is seemingly never ending . I would venture to guess that half of the movie has music blaring in it during the action scenes . -LRB- It is fine to have a soundtrack , but you do not need to make the music the movie . -RRB- Overall , although this was not a good movie , I certainly do not think it was `` the worst '' movie you will ever see . Still , there are glaring problems with this movie that the average moviegoer will detect readily . For this reason , I give this movie 2 stars .
 This movie was one of the worst films I 've seen in years . The script is horrible , the movie had little glitches on it , and a big scene of the movie is shot in night vision -LRB- GREEN ! -RRB- If you are thinking of buying this movie , read this review . I 'd give this movie 0 stars , but the minimum is 1 star .
 This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen ! The plot was impossible to follow , the action confusing and flashy , and the film editing awful . For example , there is one sequence in which a motorcycle crashes through a chain link fence and the sound effect boingongong is heard , like a spring snapping . Ridiculous ! Concept - Terrible , Acting - Worse , Execution - Rollerball looks like it was made in 2 weeks using 2 computers that didnt work . I reccommend that you see this movie , just so you can tell your friends you 've seen the worst movie ever made !
 I saw this movie originally in one of those cheap theaters where all the semi-old movies go . I do n't think there was a dry eye in the house , everyone was laughing their collective -LSB- rears -RSB- off at this movie 's horrible editing and lack of ... well ... movie . Let 's start off -- any movie with LL Cool J -LRB- with the exception of Any Given Sunday -RRB- automatically sucks . Add to that Chris Klein -LRB- who was decent in American Pie and excellent in Election -RRB- , who just is n't cut out for action roles . Instead of droning on , I 'm going to list the best parts of the movie : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Infamous night vision scene where LL and Klein are being chased around by evil dudes , for NO APPARENT REASON . Looks like it 's being filmed on VHS . All of a sudden they drive through a barb wire fence and the `` BOOOIIINNNGG '' sound effect -LRB- like in old cartoons -RRB- is played . This was the highlight of the movie . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Amazing editing , where someone will be turning their head or walking , and then all of a sudden appear somewhere else . rock and roll ! -LRB- 3 -RRB- Pink 's `` Acting Debut '' ... except for the fact that she only appeared on a tv in the background of one scene for one second , lip synching to a song that was n't even hers ... I think it was a Rob Zombie song or something -LRB- 4 -RRB- Rebecca Romajin Stamos
 Stupid , vapid , anemic remake of the 1975 film . Buy the original instead.This film deserves zero stars .
 This is somewhere up there as one of the worst movies I ever saw . Its not hard to find faults in this movie because its full of them.I was horrified by how poorly the first rollerball game scene was shot . It was so uninteresting and almost impossible to follow what was going on that it was PATHETIC . There was no doubt in my mind after the first fifteen minutes that this was the worst intro to a film I had ever seen.It got somewhat better as the weak plot developed and there was less action shots of them playing this ridiculous game.I normally end with something positive , but there was none . NONE at all.I must admit to watching the whole thing ... a sucker for punishment . I would never watch it again , and could never recommend this film to anyone.A real letdown
 Rollerball in name only . While the original 1975 production was intelligent Science Fiction mixed with action and a touch of intrigue this sequel is nothing but garbage . To compare the two is like saying the first was a Rembrandt while this is urban scrawled graffiti.A great movie from 1975 dumbed down to suit the ethnically urbanized pseudo gangsters that make up the majority of todays youth sub culture . There 's good reason that there are hundreds of this Rollerball movie being sold for a penny on Amazon and Ebay while the 1975 version still demands a fair price.Talk about living in a dystopic future society . With movies coming out that cater only to the sub culture niche of wan na be `` gangsta 's '' and their hip hop mentality , it 's becoming obvious that we ARE living in a dystopic society . This movie was trash .
 There is no plot . What in the world did I just watch ? Nothing made sense , from beginning to end . I 've lost my faith in humanity after watching this ...
 How could there be a God in a universe where the insidious Rollerball 2002 remake is available on blu-ray , but the original 1975 classic is not ?
 If you 've seen the original Rollerball staring James Caan , then you 'll probably want to give this remake a miss . It is no longer set in a future controlled by corporations , it is set in the near present which is pretty much like reality . The hero does n't hold a candle to James Caan.It does have plenty of action , if mindless action is to your taste . The rollerball arena is poorly designed which makes following the action difficult at times . The villiam is just another greedy businessman/crook with nothing to make him stand out from a 1000 other businessman/crooks in other movies.My adive ? Save your money and get a copy of the original Rollerball .
 This 2002 remake of an old classic ranks among other blockbuster flops like `` Battlefield Earth '' and `` Waterworld . '' It 's the future and huge corporations control most of Earth . The one thing that keeps humanity together is Rollerball , a sport that is a mix of hockey , rollerblading , and pro wrestling . Paul Heyman is the announcer for Rollerball , proving that it is never a good thing to have a commentator with an annoying voice for your sport . Chris Klein is John , a young hot-shot who is learning fast that Rollerball is a tough `` sport . '' He soon discovers that the corporations control everything that happens in the game . Okay , this is a boring film , lost in an emptiness that serves as a grave for the makers ' credibility . Even excellent actor Jean Reno does little in the way of making this movie even remotely interesting . It is a monotonous , unexciting flop , a plaigerized version of the fun James Caan film .
 Sports fans probably remember Fox Sports Net 's series of commercials a year or two ago , advertising the new `` Regional Sports Reports '' . These spots featured absurd imaginary sports being played in some dry and dusty location which looked vaguely Central Asian . The tag line was , `` sports news from the only region you care about -- yours . `` This new version of Rollerball looks like it was taken from one of those FSN commercials . Gone is the SF storyline of the original story . Rather than set the story in the future , the film makers transposed it to Central Asia in the present day , post-Soviet world.The game vaguely resembles the original Rollerball , but is so hastily edited and poorly choreographed that nothing of what made the original game so compelling remains . It 's just blow stuff up . Instead of drama , you get bashed in faces . In fact , although there 's plenty of mindless action , there 's actually less game footage than in the original ... and less action.Jean Reno delivers a terrible performance as the capitalist mogul who is -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- deliberately cranking up the violence in the game for -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- higher ratings . With the wretched script he 's given , he could hardly be expected to fill the shoes of the role played by John Houseman , the icy corporate chief of the original.As for Chris Klein ... Granted , he does n't have much of a script to work with , but I still found his performance annoying . I 've seen him do better work -LRB- `` Election '' -RRB- but he does n't project the kind of screen presence James Caan did in the original.Curiously , although the script dispenses with the science fiction background , it does have men and women playing on the same team , and showering in co-ed locker rooms . I seriously doubt there is a culture anywhere on Earth today where men and women would participate in full contact sports together , let alone get undressed in the same locker room . There would have to be some very intense social upheaval to make that happen , particularly in Central Asia , which is a fairly conservative part of the world.If you thought `` Replicant '' was a great movie , then you might like this one ; but frankly , folks , Chris Klein 's performance makes Jean Claude van Damme look like Olivier . In fact even `` Replicant '' is mildly more interesting than this new `` Rollerball '' . At least van Damme can do the splits .
 My goodness , talk about weak . Take a cool movie , about a good game , then overkill the game , introduce glam music , -LSB- dumb -RSB- costumes , -LSB- bad -RSB- acting , and over-explaining what we can plainly descern , and badabing you have this wretch.Ever listen to a child tell a joke , then after they deliver the punchline , they ask `` Did you get it ? '' , then start explaining the punchline like you were younger than them ? If you 've seen the original , you know about the oh-so-scary conspiracy to use the game for politics , and that there should be no heros . Well this time you have a play-by-play analyst and , well pretty much everyone in the movie explaining what 's going on , in case you fell asleep.The original Rollerball course was way easier to get , and far more plausable - it even spawned that dumb roller-gladiator junk in the 80 's . . Well this course was absolutely STUPID , and oh did I mention how weak the acting is ? Dude who plays the lead here was the one who would n't cheat on his girlfriend in `` American Pie '' . Well he is incapable of looking another actor in the eyes , in case he forgets his lines . LL Cool J , he was the ONLY decent actor in this movie . Even Jean Reno -LRB- `` Leon , the Professional '' -RRB- was a bit hammy here , but I guess it 's his role -LRB- about as overcooked as Richard Dawson 's role was in Running Man -RRB- . Only `` surprise '' , I go ahead and spoil it , as you should thank me for saving you the money - hmm ... ok , think combination of `` Death Race 2000 '' ending , with the ending from `` Tommy '' -LRB- the Who opera -RRB- . Bleaaaaarrrrrggghhhhh ... !!! There is only one Jonathan in Rollerball - Jonathon E. Buy or rent the original - maturer acting , better music , and a subtler screenplay ...
 Not many films make me feel stupid for actually watching them , but this movie did . Despite starring LL Cool J -LRB- who generally happens to at least make stupid films entertaining -RRB- this film falls so far flat that it almost bows under and creates a ditch . Chris Klein is a horrendous actor and he manages to muddle up nearly everything he comes in contact with , and no matter how hot Rebecca Romijn-Stamos is -LRB- just Romijn now -RRB- , she does n't bring anything to this film outside of her body , and that just ca n't cut it . The violence is cheap , the script is preposterous and the action sequences feel third rate . This is one of those films that offer us absolutely nothing.I have nothing else to say about this .
 If all you are after is some digital candy , then this movie might suffice . Sure there was some political maneuvering , some behind-the-back action , but mostly this movie is about a hockey player who went for the cash in a eurasian version of hyped up roller derby instead of going to the NHL.The whole movie is based on the fact that TV ratings zoom up as players die.This show was so unsatisfying for me that I kept hitting the fast forward button just to get through it!I hesitate to say that this movie is a pale version of `` Rollerball '' staring Caan . Now THAT was a movie . If you are going to watch one `` Rollerball '' go with the version starring James Caan - THAT version has some real character development , some meaningful futuristic political intrigue , and the game is more believable , as is the action , than the new version . Caan 's Rollerball is a sport with rules you can follow , and you can see when they are broken , too.Whatever you choose to do ... good luck . -LRB- This review is based on an edited version of the movie -RRB-
 I had high hopes for this movie.I actually thought it would be at least a little bit decent.It was n't . It was pure garbage.I had to leave this movie after the first 30 minutes.Its that bad.Avoid this movie at all costs .
 I remember seeing the original James Caan film on then-network television . The anti-corporate culture of the 1960s had been beaten down , so a film about a `` central '' corporation running the world was a novelty -LRB- well -- novel to me at that time -RRB- . Plus , I loved roller derby -LRB- ask your grandparents what that is -RRB- , and Rollerball had lots of action -- but no Raquel Welch , like in Kansas City Bomber -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- -- but not all that weepy , overwrought emotion -- like in Kansas City Bomber -LRB- which was fortunate -RRB- . Heck , when you start with one of the better `` B '' movies of all time , how hard can a remake be?Apparently , it 's really , really hard . Other reviews here can give you the gut feeling that this movie stinks -LRB- and lord have mercy -- it 's a stinker -RRB- , but there are specific reasons why this movie misses so badly . First & foremost -- If you 're going to make a movie about a `` game , '' you might want to explain what the `` game '' is & then be roughly consistent with the game . If I had not seen the James Caan version , I 'd have no idea what `` rollerball '' was from watching this movie . Then , as the `` rules '' changed in this film , it becomes impossible to follow what is happening during the game . What 's on the screne just makes no sense at all . Even in classic roller derby , you had `` jammers '' who scored points between the fights & `` interviews '' -LRB- find the oldest person you know & ask them to explain it to you -- if they can -RRB- . Second , I do n't know if it 's a question of style , but this film features zillions of tight close-ups of action , with most of the `` action '' happening outside the frame . Think of a boxing match , and during a jab to the jaw , the frame is filled with the elbow of the guy getting hit -- And you do n't know if it 's boxing , arm wrestling , or My Dinner with Andre . Plus , the camera shakes a lot as well -- just in case you might be on the verge of understanding what 's going on . It 's like the cheapest monster movie you 've ever seen , where instead of buying a big rubber suit for the monster , the director points the camera at some object behind the actor 's back & shakes the camera to show something is happening.Next , there are no characters . Rebecca Romijn-Stamos is sometimes the strong , silent John Wayne-type -LRB- you 'd think that would be Chris Klein 's role , but you 'd be wrong -RRB- , and then weepy & clingy -- for no apparent reason . She has this `` now-you-see-it , now-you-don ` t '' scar on her face that upsets her sometimes -- who knows why ; The Duke never got weepy about his marks . She also lifts weights topless in total darkness -- successfully pissing off everyone who does n't want a nude scene & really pissing off everyone hoping for some hint of a nude scene as a consolation prize . What kind of an `` R '' rated movie is this ? Ms. Romijn is a talented actor -LRB- I guess that 's why she married John
 Rollerball was somewhat O.k. I say that only because the action was pretty good and the soundtrack was pretty awesome but when it all came down to it , the movie was really vast and too broad in it 's story that it was difficult to follow from about the 20 minute mark into the movie.Honestly , I was n't feeling it after the first game of Rollerball . It pretty much lost my attention after that . It did however get my attention again when Slipknot made a cameo which was pretty cool.The only thing I 'd say Rollerball had going for it was the stars of the movie , Chris Klein , LL Cool J , Robecca Romijn-Stamos , former UFC Champ Oleg `` The Russian Bear '' Taktarov and the WWE 's Paul Heyman . Other than that , very little . In my opinion , the action in the movie became less and less as the movie progressed.This was supposed to be a big summer block bluster and instead it was a let down . I 'd skip this one because the other movies that came out the summer this one did , made Rollerball no match . Check out Spiderman . Anyone will definitely enjoy that one more .
 * SO * many other people have written about how awful this movie is , so what 's another voice thrown into the fray?Here is why I rented it
 This tedious and unnecessary remake of the 1975 James Caan classic has little to recommend it . Director John McTiernan , who did so well with DIE HARD , blasts us with heavy metal rock garbage throughout the entire movie , action scenes that are incomprehensible and lifeless , and a cast that fizzles from the start . Chris Klein 's good looks do n't help his vapid , uninspired performance ; LL Cool J is surprisingly uneffective ; Rebecca Stamjin-Stamos does better in blue make-up in the X Men flicks ; Jean Reno is laughably miscast as the Russian owner.McTiernan also films one lengthy chase scene in what appears to be night vision goggles ; green of all things . It makes no creative sense and adds nothing to the overall movie.Remakes like this add further validity to the fact that if you 're going to remake a movie , either make it as good or better , or let us savor the originals .
 this movie , other than the scenes that depicted the actual game rollerball , was horifyingly -LRB- if thats a word -RRB- bad . do not see it ! it is a huge waste of your moola .
 Rollerball still stands as a solid sci-fi flick about the fear of corporate society and the crushing of the little guy -LRB- you -RRB- . Sadly , if you look around , we 're slowly approaching it.Fast forward to now and we have yet another remake . With Rollerball -LRB- 2002 -RRB- I am now convinced that these remakes serve a functional purpose
 With this movie , the intention of John McTiernan , a director yet known for his great effectiveness -LRB- remember `` Predator '' , `` Die Hard 1 & 3 '' , `` The Hunt for Red October '' , `` The 13th Warrior '' -RRB- , was attack the worlds of medias and reality-shows in the U.S. . But he completely fails . His film , the second in his career ` remade ' from Norman Jewison - after `` Thomas Crown '' - actually uses all the fashioned cliches of American action movies
 Type casting the co-star of American Pie and the religious , clean cut rapper LL Cool J while throwing in the hardcore metal bands of Slipknot and Rob Zombie ? Does this sound like an audience clash of interest to you ? Maybe that 's why it did n't do so well . People who liked American Pie -LRB- especially the girls -RRB- for the most part , do n't like Slipknot and Rob Zombie - and the same goes ten-fold for LL Cool J . The PG-13 version is the only one I saw , and while I have read numerous reviews of it being incredibly violent I only have this to say
 This movie is just plain sad . In addition to mediocre acting , the special effects were just as bad . In one scene you could plainly see the safety wire connected to the motorcycle . Bad diologue and senseless nudity made the film even worse . The plot drug and the resolution could have been solved a little sooner than it did . They came up with a lame chase scene with an airplane cruising on the ground after a motorcycle . Maybe that was a last ditch effort to make the movie a little bit more exciting . The only slightly interesting character was played by LL Cool J. His on camera presence is always rather captivating to me . It also carried him through a poorly written character . Since most of the movie took place on the track , there was more of the game than I could really put up with . Avoid it .
 Rollerball . In the original film , the game attempted to stand as an outlet of Corporation superiority ; constantly demonstrating to the consumers -LRB- the people -RRB- that individuality is futile . Apparently , one does not have to either read the screenplay or physically watch the original film for there to be a remake . Decent director John McTiernan , who `` wow-ed '' me with such films as the remake of The Thomas Crown Affair as well as his early cult hits like Die Hard and Predator has obviously lost his ability to either A -RRB- do remakes or B -RRB- handle a camera with any sense of decency . If I was allowed one question to have answered through the course of my life , my question would be , `` What was the point of Rollerball the remake ? '' , and I do believe there would be answer from any higher authority . This film single handedly goes down in the record books as not just the worst remake to come out of Hollywood , but it is also a double threat , with it being in the top 100 of worst films ever conceived . It is embarrassing to say , but it has to be said , that Rollerball is one of a few select films that demonstrated no ability in the fields of direction , acting , cinematography , or writing . If Rollerball were deemed a student paper , it would have failed all four parts . Nothing , I repeat , nothing of value can be found with this film , and I even tried hard , but one must easily look at this film and simply state , `` It failed '' . As I look at the description for this film through many web sites , I happen to notice that many times this film is classified as a `` science fiction '' film , which boggles my mind . There was absolutely nothing science fiction about this film outside of the possibility of the actual Rollerball game being a rather sci-fi-esque type game , but when you look at it , there is nothing special about the sport . The 1975 film version was extremely science fiction with its views on the future of our world , the surrounding environment , as well as subtly placed usage of the laser gun . Yet somehow , this 2002 version is able to call itself a `` science fiction '' merely on the premise that it takes place three years in the future . Three . Whole . Years . That to me is the staple of why this film corrupted from the inside out . The writing was atrocious to say the least . It felt as if the writers of this film , one Larry Ferguson or one John Pogue -LRB- odd , this horrid smelling filth of a film took two of Hollywood 's scribes ... ouchers ! -RRB- , took random ideas , threw them together and attempted to create continuity in the course of 97 minutes . No doubtably procrastination was an issue , and to cut corners to meet a deadline these avid writers chose to cut characters , huge plot points , and any sort of solid stream of consciousness to create possibly the worst that Hollywood could ever offer . Nothing , in the form of script , plot , or action/adventure is worth mentioning in this film . I had difficulty enjoying the first one and it was a symbolic mess about the corporate hold on its consumers , while this filth had nothing to do with ... nothing . Words came out of the actor 's mouths , but they meant nothing , they stood for nothing , and half the time it just had me laughing due to the staged words that they were dealt . Again , there was no value in this film.Chris Klein has ridden the shirt tales of American Pie for a very long time -LRB- I always saw him as the Weakest Link of those films -RRB- , so he decided to take a leading man 's role in Rollerball in hopes that he could transform his career into a leading man , but you ca n't make cardboard stand on his own . Could Chris have attempted to grow a backbone for this film ... is that possible ? The words that came out of his mouth had no emotion ; he was together with Rebecca Romijn-Stamos for purely the physical admiration , and someone needs to tell him that by squinting his eyes harder does n't indicate that he is upset or angry . I can not seem to shake the image of him riding with L.L. Cool J in the Russian night on a motorcycle using `` night vision '' for dramatic purposes , and Klein speaking unattached words out of my mind . It was hilarity on a grand scale . I remember the pair talking about something , but the laughter coming from my mouth was far more overpowering . Nothing -LRB- which seems to be the common theme of this film -RRB- is of value in this film . Klein proved that on more than one occasion . That is n't to say that those like LL , Jean Reno , Stamos , or even my favorite Naveen Andrews were any better . Klein led the pact with kindergarten acting skills , but Reno was completely over the top , which caused confusion as to who he was and why he was involved financially , Andrews was nothing more than filler , Stamos was used for the nudity ... that was all , and LL kept the `` hip-ness '' factor on a grander scale . Nobody demonstrated anything close to talent in this film and it ultimately boils down to the failure of decent director John McTiernan.Rollerball is one of those films that gives remakes a horrid name . Even if the original was n't worth writing home to mother about , films of this stature only place a black scar on the future of remakes . I have to be worried about McTiernan because of my enjoyment of some of his past films and how anyone could see the final cut of this film and say , `` This is my best work yet ! '' If you can not say those words as you hand the final reel to the distribution company , I would reconsider the release . Writing was far worse that imaginable , the acting was nowhere to be seen , and the cinematography -LRB- something I did n't feel like going into too deeply with this review -RRB- felt as if it was done by those who are afraid of camera . Honestly , I have seen better amateur work than what Rollerball had to offer . Why is this film still being distributed ? This is a very dark cloud amongst the Hollywood types and am very surprised to see that everyone is still able to acquire roles in Tinsel town after this disaster . My only wish is that future directors and actors actually take pride in their work instead of just allowing the paycheck to do the talking . Ignore this film or it will haunt you the rest of your life!Grade
 I 've only walked out on or stopped watching less than a handful of movies in my entire life -- `` Jade , '' `` Showgirls '' and `` Poetic Justice . '' Although I did manage to limp through this cinematic trainwreck in the space of three separate viewings , it is on a par with that trio -- a complete and utter disaster , a piece of filmic shinola that is completely undeserving of your attention . Lead actor Chris Klein is Keanu lite , pure and simple ... And it 's all downhill from there , baby . I seem to recall liking the 1975 James Caan version of this film , which I saw when I was a kid -- but this `` extreme sport '' inspired remake turns the premise on its head , trying to dazzle us with reality-show glitz , even while bluntly , crushingly attempting to recreate the anti-establishment subversiveness of the original . I should pause here to mention that even this low level of analysis lends this travesty too much creedence -- the script is pathetic , the acting nominal , the cinematography and direction are both quite shabby , and even the sound design is muddled and cluttered . To make things worse , if possible they write in the `` hero '' as a young , untouchable super-stud , rather than an aging jock whose skill and experience are only just barely enough to him fit for this dangerous new game . Talk about not getting the point ... !! Anyway , rent the original , avoid this one at all costs .
 A complete waste of film start to finish.Don ' t waste your money.If you must see it for yourself , rent it.This movie did n't need a remake , the original starring James Caan was just fine.One star is generous .
 I wish I had read the reviews . As it is I distroyed the copy of the tape I had so that wo n't inflict damage on anyone else . -LRB- In an evironmentally friendly way of course -RRB- . The original Roller ball was pretty bad , and the remake is worse if that were possible . In a fit of weakness I put the tape in the machine and let it play . I kept thinking , this ca n't get any worse and then it did . < repeat > And then thank god it was over.If I could sue for the return of my 2hrs of veiwing time I would .
 One has to ask why anyone would want to remake Rollerball in the first place . Aside from the rather interesting James Caan in the starring role , the flat direction by Norman Jewison and the almost laughable story guaranteed this film a place among the greatest cult films ever . Perhaps the makers of this version mistook its cult status for popularity when they imagined that this remake would appeal to today 's audience . As if it was an indication of how the film would do , it was pulled from its original release date and `` retooled '' -LRB- Hollywood speak for shelved -RRB- before new trailers were made and the film was given a high profile launch earlier this year . It was all for naught , it seems , as this film could n't be any worse . The DVD version is the R rated cut , giving teen audiences the blood and bare breasts that they missed in the PG-13 theatrical version . The slight glimpses of Rebecca Romjin-Stamos ' breasts and some slight gore do n't make up for what is ultimately a car wreck of a film , that fails to achieve on any level.Chris Klein stars as Jonathan , the new superstar of Asian supersport Rollerball - the sport of near future kings - a combination of motorcross , Jai A'lai , and roller derby . With a clumsy opening credits sequence wherein an enthusiastic american announcer -LRB- played by a guy doing a Rowdy Roddy Piper goes to Pittsburgh accent -RRB- explains the rules of the game - we are introduced to our first taste of the sport . That the sport is as chaotic and violent as it is - what with motorcyles and people being hit with metal balls , etc. - it makes one wonder why anyone would bat an eyelash at people being killed during the matches . However , Chris Klein and co. become suspicious when they suspect that fatal accidents are being arranged to help boost ratings -LRB- incidentally , in this future a giant scoreboard reports the ratings numbers stock ticker style so the game 's owner - played with bored detachment by Jean Reno - can immediately see how these `` accidents '' help boost the ratings . And , in another odd bit of out there movie reasoning - the second something dangerous happens in the game , these numbers jump by hundreds of millions of viewers -LRB- how such a fickle fan base manages to tune in at a moments notice is puzzling - but I digress -RRB- . As a fan of McTiernan 's other films -LRB- Die Hard , Die Hard With a Vengeance , Predator , and even the Thomas Crown Affair -RRB- I expected that no matter how bad the story was , the Rollerball scenes would be well executed enough to hold my interest . After all , we never liked Die Hard for Reginald Vel Johnson - did we ? Alas , it seems that John McTiernan saw the futility of the project and gave up long before shooting began . The action scenes are flashy and flat - sacrificing a well built scene in favor of the quick flash of less than impressive effects and stunt laden glitz . Its almost as if Mc Tiernan handed over control of the film to a second unit director itching to get his hands on a real film . Of course blame should be shared by cinematographer Steve Mason , whose camerawork shows that he does n't have the imagination to shoot make believe sport films -LRB- add rollerball to the equally treacherous BASEketball of a few years back -RRB- , his lensing of many scenes feels made up on the fly - and many times it does n't work . This is espescially true of a long nighttime chase sequence shot through a green tinted lens that gives the scene the look of being filmed through night vision goggles . Equal parts distracting and headache inducing , it is one of the worst cases of a crime against cinema in recent memory.Not that the actors do much to help the film along . Chris Klein , bless his heart , is so out of place in a film where it is required that he exhibit emotion or act like anyone other than Chris Klein . It 's as if the rest of the cast and crew went along with making the film so as not to make him feel bad . I felt like a parent at a 3rd grade school play , watching someone else 's kid butcher the production . Suffice it to say that when L.L. Cool J is forced to carry the film - the film is in trouble.Rollerball is bad . It will never be revered as a piece of bad cinema to be enjoyed on the level of Showgirls or even Ernest goes to Jail . Rather , it will eventually find its way to the -LSB- price -RSB- reduction bin at -LSB- local store -RSB- - and even then its probably not a good purchase .
 This movie should have never been made , there is basically no story present and is just a bunch of people going around on rollerblades bashing each other 's brains in . I was really looking foreword to this flick , it 's previews were misleading , it looked as though it was brilliant and exciting . Guess what , it 's really really really NOT!Trust me do n't waste your time unless the only thing better you have to do is give the cat a bath , even then I really do n't believe you should waste your time !
 It takes a lot for me to not like a movie , and Rollerball managed to pull it off.I ca n't decide where it went wrong , or if it just was never right . The whole motorcycle chase thing to the border was unnecessary and seemed wedged into the movie ; kinda unnatural . And the fact that the whole sequence was filmed in nightvision was just plain weird . I do n't know what gave them that idea . The brief nudity seemed to come out of nowhere and added little to the plot . I had to rewind it to try and understand why on Earth it suddenly happened . The action sequences were ok , but considering what the plot was , it seemed overly dramatic . I work at Blockbuster , and this is one of the few movies that I tell people not to even bother with .
 I hate this movie . It 's one of the worst things I have ever seen . I guess they could n't afford good lighting because of the nightvision scene . Terrible . I thought I was watching some secret covert operation with Chris Klein and LL Cool J riding on a motorcycle . Talk about trash , the camera work is so bad , you never know what is going on and why care ? `` Rollerball '' is the most popular ` sport ' in the world and they go in circles on rollerblades and motorcycles . Talk about excitement . You would think director John McTiernan who made `` Die Hard '' and `` Predator , '' both excellent movies , would entertain , but no . It was funny though how Pink made a three second appearance and got billed for it . Jean Reno a.k.a. `` The Professional '' should be ashamed of himself and watch for Slipknot 's performance . Nobody did as fans of the ` sport ' walked right by them without giving them a glance . It was funny . I highly suggest that when you see this DVD at the store , just make a cross and hiss . It 's truly evil . Avoid at all costs .
 As with They Only Kill Their Masters , another recent purchase , this DVD is from the Warners Archive Collection . Here is the statement from this website concerning this title : Important Note
 Unfortunately , this 52 minute documentary is nothing more than a string of mediocre interviews with clips from Fellini 's films that cinephiles have all seen before . Not without charm -LRB- provided by Carmen Piccini 's obvious enthusiasm for her subject -RRB- , the doc may possibly serve as a very basic introduction to the Maestro 's films but fans will be ill-served . It does not , in any way , capture Fellini 's complex , enigmatic personality nor offer fresh , in-depth interviews with the master himself . It does not possess memorable camera work by a genuine documentarian nor an original and incisive script that would lift it out of the hagiographic , lightweight , cut-and-paste cable TV doc format . The short archival interviews with Woody Allen and Martin Scorsese are worthless for what they offer - nothing but platitudes - although Anthony Quinn 's tame anecdotes make for pleasant enough viewing - which , ultimately , is what this hokey-pokey documentary is all about
 This documentary picks up whereGotterdammerung
 A really horrible movie ! Not funny . Poorly made . Much of it was incomprehensible . Production quality was poor . Video manufacturing quality is poor . AVOID THIS CLUNKER !!!
 Even for someone who likes bad movies and can sit through most troma films , this movie is too terrible to watch . Despite numerous attempts , I 've never managed to sit through it once .
 I left a review criticizing GrapeVine for not putting the fact that this is a DVD-R . On second thought and second viewing I believe that though the DVD-R format SHOULD be mentioned in the product description , this is probably the only way that rare films that can never hope to see commercial release can be made available . The print is not great , but I 've seen worse and been able to enjoy the film . So sorry GrapeVine .
 If you paid for this product , you overpaid . Granted , the original , out-of-print dvd of The Bikini Carwash Company sells for exorbitant prices , so my suggestion is to just download it for free through torrents and cut the video pirates and video scalpers down to size . If anything , buy the European PAL version , which is also uncut and uncensored , and available on the North American Amazon as well .
 Oscar winner Timothy Hutton stars in this spanish made film.He plays Science Fiction Author David Norton . He is invited to an island conference . He takes his girl friend , asks her to marry himA DVD appears in his room and she commits suicide . . and then more people start dying . He is usually in control , suddenly life takes a nasty spin.Hutton takes the lead with this weak script . The plot wears thin after the first 30 minutes and then it starts to drag . There is no sub plots . The suspense of this film feels disjointed and starts to bore . There are no thrills to capture an audience . Towards the end , Hutton looks bored as lead and the film falls apartTry to miss this one in your video store , until all the other good films are rentedBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
 The 2 stars goes to Timothy Hutton for his great performance , truly an outstanding actor ! But ... the movie ... well not so great . I was left somewhat disappointed . It starts well and gives you the impression of a good movie but then it evolves into a bizarre scenario that completely fails to keep up the suspenseful tone of the start , and is in fact rather wearisome and inconclusive at times . It 's as if they are trying really hard to achieve a goal with a poor script ... I expected more that 's all ...
 Set in and filmed near Florida 's Everglades , this motion picture , made essentially for children , stars Clint Howard , younger brother of Ron , as seven-year-old Mark Wedlow who , along with his father Tom -LRB- Dennis Weaver , a wildlife officer , and mother Ellen -LRB- Vera Miles -RRB- becomes involved in a series of emergency-based adventures concerning Ben , a young black bear . Mark 's first contact with Ben takes place when the latter is a cub , as the boy watches from hiding as three poachers , played by veteran tough guy Ralph Meeker , ex-Bowery Boy Huntz Hall , and Clint 's real-life father Rance , hunt down Ben 's dam with Meeker 's character killing her with a rifle shot , then capturing her offspring for future use as a source of lucrative bear meat . Based on the novel Gentle Ben by Walt Morey , this work inspired a spin-off popular late 1960 's television series of the same name , also starring young Clint and Weaver , and features a series of incidents which showcases the remarkably uninhibited fondness which Mark displays toward one of the largest imaginable pets , seven feet and 750 pounds . Portrayed by an exceedingly well-trained animal , Bruno , big Ben is shipped to a zoo after an unfortunate occurrence , but escapes into the Everglades , and subsequent events , replete with family oriented scenes focussing upon a needed rapport between the youngster and animals , most non-ursine , presents cliches a-plenty but gives an opportunity to enjoy another solid performance from the fetching Miles .
 First time I have purchased a DVD that had a 4 star + rating and been disappointed . The front speakers and center channel were OK . The rear was terrible . The overall audio quality was the worst I have heard . Listened to it once and went back the next day thinking my set up had to be wrong . Tried two other DVD 's and both were fine . Suggest you try something else .
 Great artists , great track listing , extremely poor audio mix ... should have forgotton about the DTS as there was no 5 channel mix to speak of ... actually made arrangements through Amazon to exchange mine for another copy as there were several flaws ar the end of all the sentences on the tracks by EJ , clapton and Paul . Unfortunately , these sound flaws ruined the experience but I 'm hoping the replacement copy will be of better quality .
 I buy/view/listen to a lot of music video 's -LRB- read , sorry night life -RRB- and this one was a disappointment . Sound varies too widely act to act . Couple of goosebump moments -LRB- I love the Mega-Guitars on Kansas City -RRB- but mostly a smorgas-bored of available talent putting in their charity work . Zero additives for the video freak and no real explanation of charitable intentions ever given . Borrow this from someone instead .
 If you buy concerts on DVD because of the great sound , skip this one . I was amazed that George Martin and all those experienced players allowed such an amateurish recording to happen . Some of the performances were disappointing
 We purchased this for use in a first-grade classroom . After reading the reviews and descriptions we ordered this tape . On receiving it we found that every participant needs a set of dumbbells and ankle weights . Nowhere did we see indications that additional additional equipment was needed . We are now deciding whether to return this tape unopened . Please be aware that this tape is of dubious benefit unless you have access to dumbbells -LRB- the bar-bell type , not the student type -RRB- and ankle weights .
 Well another one of my first dvd purchases ... I found this concert very poor ... it did nothing for me ... the sound quality was poor , The set on stage was quite good but lacked the final sparkle , Janet 's performance was glitzy ... but sadly something was missing ... my advice is puchase Janet 's later DVDS ...
 This must be the worst rendering of a live concert I have ever seen . I saw The Velvet Rope in concert and absolutely loved it ! This DVD however is a disgrace to Miss Janets talents . The sound is awful and the editing even worse . All the dance numbers have been slaughtered in the editing room and there is no way to see the great choreography . If you like 120 minutes of Janet close up then this DVD is for you . Otherwise we can only hope somebody makes a re-edit and remix version so the world can finally see a worthwile version of the concert . What a shame , what a waste .
 i was at the show . she lip-sync 'd the whole thing
 This must be the worst rendering of a live concert I have ever seen . I saw The Velvet Rope in concert and absolutely loved it ! This DVD however is a disgrace to Miss Janets talents . The sound is awful and the editing even worse . All the dance numbers have been slaughtered in the editing room and there is no way to see the great choreography . If you like 120 minutes of Janet close up then this DVD is for you . Otherwise we can only hope somebody makes a re-edit and remix version so the world can finally see a worthwile version of the concert . What a shame , what a waste .
 I know I am just writing this review now but the dvd I purchased was not in good quality . I am not sure it because the actual concert was 10 to 15 year old but I did not enjoy this copy at all.thank you , Charisse Chase
 Camera work and dance numbers were all greatBUTAudio is terrible ! Not sure which bonehead was in charge of mixing the DTS but there is no bass , no surround effect , no presence . I 've tried it with $ 5K + home theater setups and this disc makes the system sound as if they were $ 3 computer speakers . I had the same issues with the earlier release , with the hopes that the DTS was done properly . No such luck !! Way to go Eagle Rock
 This DVD could not be played all the way through . I tried skipping past the `` bad part '' but no dice ... it simply would not play . I was really looking forward to this video and will not buy from this seller again . The only good thing was that my money was returned -LRB- less the handling fee ! -RRB- Feel like I was penalized for using this seller .
 I saw this tour and the DVD was a big letdown . I thought the sound quality was poor , at best . Hollow and `` boomy '' bass are all I notice.I very much WANTED to love this video , but can not .
 Mostly crowd noises and Ms Jackson basking in the adoration -- did I miss something ?
 This DVD will not load in your player . You will get a message , `` this can not be played , not a compatible format '' . Hopefully Amazon.com will allow me to return this DVD . This was a bad purchase for me .
 Tried to play on two different Blu-ray players and it simply would not play . I could only get it to play on my computer . No good .
 I did n't really like it . The best part of the show to me was the intro.She seemed to never change that boring outfit . She was way too thin , and her outfits should 've been tailor made as they were drooping off of her . She appeared darker , and her hair was way too long and in the way.I do see some Madonna in here , but I do n't know who 's copying who because they both came out around the same time . But I guess Madonna beat her to the over the top concert extravaganza 's . I also saw some of the same moves that Michael did.Her most recent tour seems better than this .
 Janet Jackson works very hard.I will give her that But when she is n't biting Madonna , she is trying hard to be a 2nd tier Version of Her Brother which she will never be able to do.She ca n't sing & is a So-So Dancer.The Music & Production is what really has Her Name up in Lights in the First & Only Place .
 ok , first off , i am a janet fan -LRB- not hardcore , but casual -RRB- but this concert is such a rip off of Madonna 's Girlie Show ! The circus , clowns , strippers , masquerade masks , velvet curtains , top hats , women in suits and ties , dark lighting , it was all done in 1993 by Madonna . I do give Janet credit for choosing many of her hits to be in this show . HOWEVER , her songs do not have the same energy when they are performed live as the studio recordings do . For example , her performance of If is so lackluster musically , and it should n't have been . That song has so much energy in it , but here it kind of falls flat . Her performace of LEt 's WAit Awhile and Again though , was fantastic . very beautiful . the only thing that bothered me was at the end of that perforamce when she took about 10 minutes before she sang the final line of the song . I was like `` finish the damn song already ! '' . I was really looking forward to the Throb segment but was really disappointed . I know the song has very few vocal lines to begin with , but Janet barely even tried to sing THOSE ! seems llike she was just there while music played . ALSO , WHY DID THE DANCERS HAVE MORE COSTUME CHANGES THAN JANET ??? Hellooo . Janet wore the same outfit for the first 40 minutes of the concert while the dancers had at least 4 costume changes . JAnet finally changes clothes for the Escapade medly , but then CHANGES BACK INTO THE COSTUME SHE WAS WEARING FOR THE FIRST SEGMENT ! That white collar shirt and black slacks ... I 've never seen an artist do this before.Some of the songs are awkwardly placed . Special after Rhythm NAtion is weird ... why is she wearing her militant gear for a soft song like Special while pictures of her childhood flash on a screen . it also made me mad when she did n't sing ANY of the choruses for That 's The Way Love Goes but instead had the audience sing it . helllo , janet , helllooo ! Also , Any Time Any Place is just an instrumental not the whole song , that pissed me off too . The HIGHLIGHT of the show was Rope Burn when she brings that guy onto the stage , that was funny ! He was so excited . Poor guy , he probably almost had a heart attack when Janet kissed him.Anyway , this concert is enjoyable to some extent , i did fast forward thru some parts like Alright , I 've never really liked that song . Together Again was pretty weak as well , although i do like the song . Worth viewing once , but pretty forgettable .
 Need to be a hard core fan to like this one . Not a keeper .
 There 's nothing more to say about this concert DVD , except that it totally stinked ! I mean it did not capture my interest or even my excitement in buying it . The only saving grace for buying it is that it 's a music material from Janet Jackson , which unfortunately , I happen to collect . God , she is much more better in her albums , which of course are recorded and remastered -LRB- thanks to modern technology in music preservation -RRB- . I tried to watch the DVD , but only after a couple of minutes , i felt irritated and so annoyed , just by looking at the over-all production . I just thought that Madonna 's singing was terrible . Janet 's was even worse . At least Madonna 's voice has certain clarity and character for each of her songs . Janet , on the other hand , despite her great hits -LRB- I really do like her songs -RRB- , boringly sings with her monotonous thin and weak voice , like in this concert . Worst of all , she lip-synched the songs ! Maybe she is already having difficulties in singing as a result of her nose job.The concept of the concert is somehow copied from Madonna 's Girlie Show Tour of 1993 . In fact , Janet 's unconsciously trying to be Madonna in terms of artistry . Sorry Janet , you still need the guts and inventiveness to be like the true Queen of Pop.And my advice to all is , before saying Janet Jackson concerts are the best , you should watch first the Madonna concerts . You 're missing a lot in making intelligent judgements . As for the DVD , well ... it 's not a smash but rather a trash .
 i love this movie , but when i watched this dvd version of it , i thought for a moment that my tv was playing up.the sound and image are dreadfull !!!! adjusting sound and vision on tv does n't help either , i prefer copying a video tape on dvd myself.that 's not all , nowadays we expect a dvd to come with trailers , documentarys etc. . you know some extras to enjoy the whole surrounding that made the movie . here
 The movie is a masterpiece of noir with performances that are superb . However , the grainy gooey VHS-like picture quality can only be attributed to a very poor and shoddy transfer by KINO .
 Kino Video ought to be embarrassed to release such a poor quality print on DVD . What everyone has said about the transfer is true . It is truly dreadful . There are better copies of this film on VHS . At one point Joan backs away from the camera in horror until her performance is nothing but a fuzzy blur.Joan Crawford 's work deserves better treatment . Hopefully the upcoming Crawford boxed set from Warner Bros will include a better version of this film . Keep your fingers crossed.That said , I love this movie , even with it 's ridiculous ending . That milk ! Those eyes ! But why does Joan 's character cry out in warning at the end of the film only to smirk pridefully as she walks away ?
 Disappointed in the viewer comment on poor quality transfer from VHS to DVD which has discouraged me from completing my contemplated purchase of the DVD . Will keep looking elsewhere for a quality transfer.Am also stymied in not being able to find a CC version . I show these wonderful old film noirs to my 92 year old Dad who is deaf ; without CC , it 's impossible ...
 This is one of those great film noir classics and Crawford gives one of her great performances . However , all of this is marred by the poor sound quality by Kino . I had to turn up the volume on my TV all the way to hear it . Crawford -LRB- in her last Oscar nominated role -RRB- and this superb film deserve much better .
 Can anyone who watches this movie ever erase from their mind the scene where Crawford finds out Palance and Grahame are plotting to kill her and goes stark , raving mad ? It an Olympian display of overacting that has never been equalled
 This dvd is very difficult to watch . The instructor is very annoying . Herinappropriate , unprofessional comments clearly make the couples in the class very uncomfortable . We were actually shocked by some of her poor attempts at humor . The entire program consists of this instructor lecturing to a small group of expectant couples , using outdated props and pointing to diagrams from old childbirth classes . You never get a real sense of what labor and birth are really like . Comfort measures and breathing techniques are extremely limited . All she does is lecture to this class . The format is boring and the content limited.There are better ways to prepare for childbirth .
 This is a DVD ! Why is it presented as a badly shot -LRB- often shaky camera work -RRB- montage of a lady talking to a birthing class ? I really thought there would be actual scenes of a birth -LRB- i.e. , a birth film as you would see in a real life class -RRB- , and real graphics -LRB- instead of zooming in on the sign the instructor is holding up ! -RRB- , etc. . Also , the sound varies from very low to extremely low through the entire thing . I had my tv almost on max volume just to hear.The information is ok , but several years old and new studies are showing controlled breathing beats all the patterned breathing that is taught here . Also , the NY accents get old fast . Again , I really expected more from a $ 50 DVD . Save your money and buy a book ! Also , there 's a typo on the back cover , which appears to have been put together on a home PC . The DVD looks like something I would burn . Not high quality stuff .
 I did not enjoy this video or find it informative . I thought the video was very boring and only watched half of it before I tossed it . Also , I bought this because I was having my first child and did n't know what to expect during labor but once you go into labor the nurses tell you everything to do so the video was a total waste . Also , the lady on the video is very annoying . I felt embarrassed for her .
 i felt like i was being talked down to the whole time . Me and my wife found this video to be a waste of money . The women in the video seem uninterested with what was going on and the video as a whole felt very out of date . Do not waste your time with this video .
 This video was dull and did not provide any information that I did n't already read in the books that I checked out from the public library for free . I 'm fairly disappointed with my purchase and I feel that my money could have been better spent . I find the video rather pricey , but gave it a try because of a very enthusiastic recommendation from a friend . Needless to say , if you are the type of person who must have audio and visual to learn , steer clear of this and find an instructional video that 's more concise . If you can learn through just reading , I highly suggest you just check out some books for free and save yourself some money . If you like long winded stories and have too much free time on your hands , this might be the video for you .
 Sure , the teacher is funny and likeable enough . And sure , if you know nothing about birth you might learn something from this video . But as a Lamaze-trained childbirth educator , DONA certified doula , and Birthing From Within mentor , I was disappointed with this video . Disappointed with the couple-of-minute quick coverage of comfort measures . Disappointed for a couple of times I saw probable product placement -LRB- for example , a particular cord blood banking company was highlighted longer than the comfort measures -RRB- . Disappointed when I heard advice that goes against latest medical evidence . And especially disappointed with the number of times I heard the educator say something that made me cringe as it might disempower women . As an alternative or addition to a hospital class , I 'd recommend women look into an out-of-hospital childbirth class who works for you , not the hospital - Lamaze , Bradley , Hypnobirthing , Birthing From Within , Birthworks ... there are many to choose from . Read up on their philosophies , see what educators are available in your area , and choose one that works for you . If no classes are available or work with your schedule , there are great books out there about childbirth - I 'd start with `` Pregnancy Childbirth and the Newborn '' , `` The Birth Partner '' , `` Birthing From Within '' or `` Ina May 's Guide to Childbirth '' depending on your plans for birth .
 I 'm sure the information presented in this class is good , but the presentation set my teeth on edge . Sheri thinks she is funny when she talks in a screeching voice and makes fun of new mother 's foibles in her `` funny stories '' . I cringed every time I heard her squeal as a pretended mother with a problem . If you can get past her , then I guess the DVD can give you the information and techniques you need for Lamaze . But unfortuanately Sheri spends more time talking or shrieking while trying to be amusing than just giving the information you would like to hear .
 Turns out Sheri is the most annoying person ever . And , she really must hate women in labor , judging by the way she makes fun of them and mimics them with a whiney , high-pitched baby voice . Throughout the whole `` pushing '' section she talks about how much you will whine , and if you do n't , just wait because you must not really be in labor yet . She goes on and on about how horrific the pain will be , but them she tries to talk you out of an epidural !! If she was my L&D nurse , I would cross my legs until the next shift change .
 This DVD was over rated and to be honest , as a first time mother , I found watching this video in my 6 & 7 month to be nerve racking and at times scary . Also some of the information in this video is out of date . Go to the classes offered at your hospital . The classes were informative , I received more info there along with some freebeees .
 The information is ok . However , I feel like I am watching an episode of Family Guy when they stretch a joke way past the funny part . She is trying so hard to be funny that she ruins the purpose of the video . I really wanted to learn from the video but the dumb jokes and Sheri trying so hard to make it funny just makes it tough to watch .
 Do n't waste your money . If she had been my instructor I would have asked for my money back
 The DVD opens with an excuse . A notice appears , telling the viewer that the DVD audio has a buzzing sound . We are told that this is `` normal . `` Well , getting ripped off is `` normal , '' therefore I suppose I agree that a defective video sold for $ 31 can be `` normal . `` The actual DVD footage has such a loud annoying buzz that no sensible person would consider it `` normal . '' The fact that Sheri Bayles and `` Expect This , L.L.C. '' are willing to sell a defective product clues us in to the fact that the advice in this DVD is going to be bad.The first scene of the DVD features Sheri Bayles sitting with some couples who will be participating in the video . Ms. Bayles gets the `` Laughs '' she promises by mocking her guests for their supposed ignorance about newborns . Ms. Bayles mocks an Hispanic man who is her guest because his English language skills are not up to her standards.In other words , the `` laughing '' is going to be due to mean-spirited mocking jokes pointed at her guests and intended to make the viewer feel guilty for watching a birth class video.It 's a terrible video . We could n't stand it for more than 15 minutes and turned it off.Becky Rasmussen 's `` Labor 101
 The presentation and content of this video leaves a lot to be desired . The visual aides , diagrams , etc. are not professionally done nor are they referred to in a clear manner . The video is frankly quite boring.Search for another Lamaze video , you 'll find that there is another that offers a lot more detail with a much more exciting and engaging presentation .
 There 's not much learning either . Sheri is incredibly condescending when she mimicks pregnant women . This video could also really use some visual aids besides Sheri holding up a poor illustration , writing lists -LRB- that she does n't finish -RRB- on a whiteboard and the worst ... her on the ground , legs spread in high-waisted khakis demonstrating childbirth .
 If there is one thing that will turn me off to any form of instruction it 's condescension . I ca n't stand being talked down to.There are much better videos out there that treat the viewer as if they are an adult .
 I 'm an expected father to be , and I thought this DVD would help me show my caring compassionate side ... I was trying to be part of the whole child birthing process . Thing is , this DVD provoked an unearthly rage in my spouse . While watching it Bayles seemed more intent on belittle the viewer and sharing her own life story then furnishing us with information . My spouse secretly thought that this Sheri Bayles was trying to ruin her child 's birth . The DVD taught us nothing , 80 % of this DVD is about Sheri talking about her own life . . The information she did give is easily obtainable from a free pamphlet . When I told my spouse I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for the movie she freaked ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Altough the content on childbirth is descriptive -LRB- at times a bit too descriptive -RRB- , the commentator/director Sheri Bayles is one of the most annoying , irritating , wanna-be-actresses that my husband and I have ever seen . Her approach to teaching by injecting humor is painful , and it took all of our strength to not plug our ears and cover our eyes to watch this woman . If you can handle obnoxious , loud and nerdy instructors , then you may enjoy this DVD . The 5 couples she works with in the instruction look bored and confused .
 You could not pick a more annoying instructor than Sheir Bayles . She absolutely ruins this class . The video quality is horrible as are the 80 's rejects posing as her audience . My wife -LRB- a physician -RRB- and I cringed through the entire presentation.If you buy this video after reading my review , you deserve to lose your money AND be subjected to Sheri Bayles for over 5 grueling hours .
 This video/DVD does not thoroughly explore all the elements of Lamaze preparation . The cover reminds me of Wilson from Castaway ... he did n't know much about childbirth either.If you want to pay for only ~ 10 or so minutes of good information , spend your money . There are other products out there on the market that have a much greater wealth of knowledge .
 I wish I could give this video 0 stars . Do n't waste your money on this video . It 's a 4 hour tirade of this woman trying to be funny . She is not funny . The actual INFORMATION in this video could have been condensed into an hour or less - if you cut out all her nonsense.You could learn more in an hour of watching youtube videos and surfing - for free ... and you wo n't have to endure this woman 's awful personality and attempts at humor -LRB- numerous times SCREAMING into her microphone . -RRB- Also , the footage appears to be from the mid 1990 's - very dated , it 's like watching a VHS recording . If you do n't believe me go ahead and buy this - you 'll see .
 I was hoping to have a condensed , to-the-point , informative guide on giving birth . I had missed my window of opportunity to be in a class and decided I preferred to be able to watch a video from home anyway . I feel that a lot of time is wasted in this video with theatrics and cheesy humor . I ended up fast forwarding through a lot of it only to realize she was still desperately trying for laughs 5 minutes in to one point.I am probably going to purchase another video simply for the fact that her style irks me !
 I 'm sure this woman has lots of valuable info to impart , but we could barely watch this DVD . Sheri Bayles is sooo annoying and unfunny that we fast forwarded through the whole thing , trying to cling on to pieces of important information . Even the people taking the class seem embarassed for her . Avoid this DVD unless you think you can look past a nurse who thinks she 's a stand up comedian . I wish I had another to suggest .
 My husband and I could n't fit a birthing class into our schedule , so upon reviewing our options we decided to buy this dvd . Being that we are a couple with a great sense of humor , and do n't like to take anything too seriously , `` laugh and learn '' sounded like the right choice . Honestly , we both found this woman-Ms . Bayles - to be extremely annoying with her stories and condescending atttude . She constantly made fun of the people she was talking about ... especially the men . We were expecting a nice take it easy approach to lamaze , but we found ourselves rolling our eyes at every digression . Although , I have to say that she is quite knowledgeable and if she would stick to the facts and not try so hard to be funny , this would be a worthwhile dvd . By the way , I never write reviews , ever .
 My husband and I are half way through the program , and we are dreading watching the rest . Yes , it is true that this might be more convienient and cheaper than the child birth classes -LRB- which is why we got the DVD -RRB- , but it does have it 's drawbacks.My first concern - all of the couples do not represent different age groups . It seems that all of them are in their late 30 's or 40 's , which does n't represent a true range of people that would be at the class . I am 27 years old , and would love to see some couples that my husband and I can relate to . I know there are several pregnant women my age -LRB- or younger -RRB- , so they should have a mixed group ... I know that it was taped somewhat recently also , so that surprises me with the choice of couples . Why also are some of them seperated from each other ? For some reason , that really bothers me!Yes ... Sheri can be very annoying at times . My husband and I get very frustrated at her imitations of pregnant women . I keep telling my husband , please do n't let me sound like that when I am having our baby . I was expecting a lot more visuals , instead of just a taping of a class with poster board . Maybe I was misled by the explanation or the title . I was suprised to see it like a classroom set up , with no other visual aides other than the ones she holds up.Although there are several annoyances of the video , I am learning some informative tips , and pertinent information . I still am glad I chose not to go to a class , just so it can be a little bit more personal and laid back with just the two of us .
 The instructor is one of the most annoying people we 've ever forced ourselves to sit through - my husband and I had a tough time not just turning it off and getting the info elsewhere . She really seems to think she 's funny but is instead really just patronizing and sometimes seems rather insulting of the basic intelligence of the people in the class . It really is hard to sit through.After reading Ina May Gaskin 's `` Guide to Childbirth '' and really internalizing the value of having positive messages surrounding you while in labor , I was so annoyed & disappointed -LRB- actually threw a few pillows at the tv -RRB- when Sheri kept harping on how painful birth has to be , and how she as a nurse sends people home from the hospital in early labor `` because they 're not in enough obvious pain yet '' -LRB- rather than the more positive way of saying they would be better off laboring at home for the time being in a more comfortable setting . -RRB- The camera would then of course cut to one of the women in the group who had a deer-in-the-headlights look -LRB- again -RRB- , and we all see that Sheri has once again successfully freaked out a woman who should instead be entering labor with an empowering `` I can do this '' attitude . I have to wonder how a couple of these women made it through their labors - they seemed very overwhelmed by the negative messages by the end of all the classes . It 's a shame , and I found myself freaked out needlessly during the video , and am back to Ina May 's book for my last 2 weeks of pregnancy to try to get Sheri 's unfortunate messages out of my head . I 'm also having my husband and mother read that book before my labor so that they understand what a huge impact your surroundings and the messages conveyed by the people there have on the progression of a labor . If Sheri was my nurse I would likely end up with all of the medical interventions she listed just due to her abrupt manner.I have to admit that it is helpful to view an informational video in addition to all the reading one does in preparation for labor - I just wish I knew about a better one somewhere .
 Her antics is not very entertaining and very annoying to watch . I borrowed this dvd from the library and glad I did n't invest money but unfortunately my time . The only time i can tolerate the video is when she was actually serious and informative about childbirth .
 I ordered this video because we are living overseas and could n't find a live class in English . I 'm giving it 2 stars because it 's better than nothing , but I would n't recommend it otherwise . The production quality is quite low - the volume fluctuates and there are are very few visuals . It 's just a film of the instructor talking to about five couples on a bare stage . Both my husband and I found the instructor annoying , especially her whiny impressions of women in labor . Putting together a DVD class is a great idea but could have been done much better , especially considering the price .
 My husband and I are expecting our first baby any day now . We opted to get a childbirth video versus attending a class . After doing some research and getting reccomendations from friends , I decided to purchase this video . While the information on the DVD is helpful and each segment is clear and easy to understand , the instructor presented it in such a way that made extremely painful to watch.The instructor continuously makes annoying jokes , mocks pregnant women and their partners , using the most unfunny and unflattering impersonations imaginable . Watching this woman 's attempt stand-up routine was so uncomfortable that we often found ourselves fast forwarding through a lot of it . Please believe that neither me or my husband laughed during this DVD . Not once.I wish we had just gone to childbirth class .
 Thank goodness I borrowed this from the public library and did n't waste my money . My husband and I did attend live classes , but wanted a refresher before the big event . While the information is consistent with what we 've learned from other professionals - the presenter is terribly annoying . Although we wanted the information , the jokes were so unbearable we had to stop watching . If you can deal with the presenter 's sense of humor , you 'll benefit from the information - good luck !
 It seems to attempt to reach out , but overall remains a small personal account of the trials and tribulations of an $ 8 billion/year industry . Just not professional enough for me to get my undivided attention . It was a worthy attempt , though .
 First of all , the information in the DVD is very informative but for $ 50 buck I figured it would show something more than a lady standing in front of a black curtain holding up the same anatomy pictures that are on my doctors wall . I love how she simulates labor by pushing a doll out of a wool hat ... It was so realistic . I sat there thinking , ` are you kidding me ? ' Sheri , the instructor , knows what she is talking about but is extremely annoying and shares a lengthy personal story for every point . For every 10 min of information , you get 20 minutes of insight into her personal life . I would pull my hair out and ask for general anestesia if she was my labor nurse .
 Do not buy this dvd ! if you are curious check it out at the library ... . she spends the 1st half an hour talking about how big babies and small pelvis are to blame for most of the problems in labor ... . SO UNTRUE !!! I am a trained Doula and we should never blame babies or women 's bodies for unexpected outcomes in labor . Birth is Normal ... . Birth is Natural ... . Babies and Women 's bodies know what to do and CAN GIVE BIRTH . Interventions are sometimes needed , but this woman does not inspire confidence ... . but fear ! Look elsewhere for your information and make sure to read Ina mAY gASKIN 'S GUIDE TO CHILDBIRTH !
 A friend , a hospital based childbirth educator , was so excited to have received this DVD and share it with her very next class and I was unfortunate enough to sit through it.While she made me chuckle from time to time , her jokes were lacking humor , the delivery of her message was repetitive and demeaning and I often found myself going ` thats not true ' or ` there 's missing information here ' or ` there 's more options available to the woman ` As a doula I like to teach my families confidence in themselves to prepare for birth . I like them to know they have options and that childbirth is not some gigantic emergency!I guess if you 're wanting the ` oh , I just had a contraction , take off to the hospital for every intervention possible ' this video will suffice . But if you want a labor and birth where you 're in control , educated , involved in the process , prepared with pain coping techniques or even want an unmedicated birth it 's worth your time and money to invest in an out of hospital childbirth class . Bradley , HypnoBirthing , Hypnobabies or a local out-of-hospital childbirth education course will do much more to prepare you for birth .
 Incredibly inefficient information delivery . My wife and I tried desperately to watch it but just could not stomach it despite occasional useful bits . Incessant terrible affected attempts at humor and impersonations . Very old video . Pure torture .
 I will give her I did learn something while I was n't being insulted by her gurgle giberish bad jokes . After weeding through , rolling my eyes and totally annoyed by this person , I did find out something . There was NO LAUGHING though . I found her unsympathetic unattached to the really beautiful thing that will be happening when I give birth . Just when I was n't scared anymore after reading Ina Mae 's guide to Childbirth , this woman made me feel aweful about the impending doom that awaits me . I am saposed to be scared and my husband an unhelpful weenie who ca n't deal , how can this women do this to the world when we 've come so far . Unrelaxing and totally neurotic !! A huge waste of money and time . Do n't buy it , I wish I had n't . Really .
 me and my wife are both professionals . We bought this DVD for convenience over attending classes.The information provided in the DVD is helpful . However we found it is very repetitive , lot of time is wasted . The material could be easily covered in an hour at the most 75 mins.I would not recommend this DVD .
 This blu ray is horrible !!! The quality video is terrible !! is better an old whs !!!
 This film lacks all the elements that make Argento 's movies great and fun to watch . There 's no memorable music ; no fantastic use of color ; and no likeable characters . The holes in the plot are unforgiveable and the story-line is infantile . The plot twists are predictable and almost laughable . This is simply a sorry excuse for an Argento film . I just hope that He 'll make-up for it on his next project .
 Detective Anni Manni suffers from two things , she ca n't look at some works of art without fainting into an unconscious fantasy , and there is a homicidal , rapist-killer toying with her . After being brutalized by the madman and having her emotions and memory jumbled , she returns home to try and piece her fragile self back together . Stendhal Syndrome is haphazard mess , struggling to work , yet ultimately failing . Dario Argento presents a bleak film , negative because it lacks the Argento flourish , the stylized touch that made him famous . Aside from the occasional shot here and there , the film is outright flat , brutal , and clumsy . Truly , it is only the outright brutality that makes it interesting . Without that ugly touch to prod at and thicken the skin of the viewer , it is just a dud.What this film reminded me of , in terms of a director slightly shifting in style , was Hitchcock 's Frenzy . With Frenzy , Hitchcock directed more violent scenes , nudity , and stronger elements in general , and it is the same with Dario and the overt cruelties in present in Stendhal Syndrome . Gone are the expressionistic tones and otherworldliness that made his violence slick and dreamlike . Instead , Stendhal is just a mean debacle , bookended by a flawed beginning and end , but a good , entertaining middle.The DVD itself is unforgivable . Troma delayed this for quite sometime , witch would lead one to believe they were taking great care with the film . It is perfectly obvious that they probably delayed the DVD only because of all the self-gratifying promos tacked onto it . The transfer is hideous , barely better than video , washed out color , grainy , and horrible contrast . The extra interviews -LRB- two with Dario , one with Sergio Stivaletti , and one , for some reason , with Ruggero Deodato ? -RRB- are done on bad video with bad microphones , and cameramen , who neither know how to sit still , frame , or focus very well . There is a third interview with Dario that is quite good , fine sound and thank god , a cameraman who uses a tripod . If Troma is going to acquire more serious titles by genre filmmakers , they should treat the material with some respect and not do such an inexcusable hack job .
 I could n't get through the first ten minutes because the quality was as if it was a DVD from the dollar store . The quality of this Blu-ray makes VHS look fabulous . I even wrote a letter to the company and got no response . I buy lots of Blu-rays and DVD 's and I will NEVER buy one from this company again .
 While Troma treated this well regarded latter day Argento film reasonably well with its DVD release , and its initial $ 14.98 VHS release , anyone who is a fan of this talented director 's visual virtuosity and deft use of color , camerawork , and scene composition should be aware that this new , reduced-price VHS version of The Stendhal Syndrome is in the inferior * EP * speed mode . I have yet to ever see an EP release of a film on video that did not have considerable video noise and very poor color quality . Since the original , more expensive SP version of the tape appears to be in the process of being phased out by the less than artistic-oriented Troma , this is very unfortunate.Please , Troma , give us VHS buyers back a decent quality SP version of this film.And please , Amazon , do include a note in the technical information section when you do carry a VHS tape in EP mode .
 Stylish Italian horror master Dario Argento 's well regarded latter day effort , distinguished by the fine acting of his daughter , Asia Argento , in the lead role of a cop in an Italian anti-rape unit who falls prey not only to a vicious attack by a psychopath , but also to the title syndrome , an affliction which causes its victims to literally lose themselves in works of art.The one star rating is not for the film itself , however , but for the quality of this VHS release.Unfortunately , this new VHS version is not only pan and scan , but worse yet , it 's in the slow speed EP mode , which produces noticably poor picture tracking , video noise , and very poor color reproduction . A director as visually brilliant as Argento deserves better treatment for his films -- a high quality SP letterbox release would serve this film better.Incidently , this film * was * originally released in SP mode -- this is the higher priced verson listed elsewhere on Amazon as a special order . Neither version is letterboxed -- only the DVD is -- but both VHS releases are at least uncut , and the more expensive * other * VHS version is at least in a decent quality SP mode , unlike this one .
 I wish I had read the negative and accurate reviews of the terrible quality of the blu-ray before I bought a copy . Apart from the Dirty Dozen blu-ray , this is the worst I have seen . I have not seen the DVD , but I ca n't imagine it is any worse than this blu-ray .
 Great idea -- strange reactions to art -- is tossed aside and scene after scene is set up yet goes nowhere . -LRB- Why does she return home ? Why does she have to be a cop ? She never shows up at the station ! -RRB- Poorly edited with transitions so bad , title cards were added so you know where you are -- Rome , etc. . Interesting conclusion , yet really , it 's a mess so skip it .
 Argento used to be one of Italy 's best film makers , unfortunately with `` Trauma '' , this and `` Phantom of the Opera '' it looks as if the old boy has completely lost it . This film holds none of the magic and mystery of his other films and is competely lacking in style . Asia Argento is very pretty but totally unbelievable in the part of the policewoman . She is years to young and whoever decided on her for the part must have been blind . There are moments in this film where I 'm sure I must of blushed in embarassment for Argento the acting is so incredibly BAD . Unfortunately the film is completely lacking in style as well and Argento seems to have become interested in CGI and treats us to some of the most pointless CGI visuals I have ever seen . My advice is give this film a wide berth ... but then it 's all a matter of taste and Argento fans will have to see it ... Just make sure you rent before buying
 In my opinion the best movie Dario Argento has ever made , although I did n't care for the ridiculous end too much . I saw it on VHS when it first came out.Popping in the blu-ray I was abot shocked at the horrible -LRB- and I mean horrible -RRB- picture quality of this transfer , which is as grainy as a bad VHS copy of a 70s movie -LRB- the same problem the blu-ray of MARTYRS has -RRB- . I read in some review that the picture quality was `` very good '' and that the movie `` features a thick layer of grain that , again , preserves the filmmaker 's intended vision '' . I find that hard to believe . I do n't own a DVD of this movie , but as a previous reviewer said , it ca n't look worse than this.The sound however is excellent , and features the dubbed English version and the original Italian track.The movie itself I found quite good , except for the ending -LRB- I 'm not an Argento fan , so some of the fans out there might object -RRB- . I found THE STENDHAL SYNDROME suffered from the same problem that TERROR AT THE OPERA suffered from , it does n't know when to end . What you get is a ridiculous plot twist to allow the movie to go on for another twenty or so minutes , depriving it of all credibility .
 Previous review is right . Horrible ! Nothing else to say about this blu-ray transfert.I can not even write anything about the movie itself
 Troma should feel ashamed by the horrible quality of this DVD . Argento 's films are usually released on Anchor Bay , who does a stellar job with the transfers . This DVD , though , is so full of artifacts in dark scenes that it felt like I was watching a 5 year old video from a rental store . It also did n't feel like it was a FULL letterbox version as parts of the opening credits were cut off on the left and right edges.One of the interviews was OK , but it was really an interview all about Argento 's ` Phantom of the Opera ' . The other interviews were extremely cheesy as they were n't even done in person -- it was just Dario holding a microphone answering questions that were coming to him over the phone.The movie is quite interesting and better than I expected . It deserves a much better DVD than this extremely cheesy production from Troma , though . Movie gets a 4/5 , DVD gets a 1/5 .
 The problem with becoming a fan of someone or something is that objectivity goes out the window.You force yourself to like it even if deep in your heart you know it 's dreck.You 'll try to find anything -LRB- the soundtrack , a certain actor/actress , special fx -RRB- to force yourself to like it.In all honesty , and i do admire Argento 's style , this film was uninspired , horrendously dubbed , stiffly acted , and the dvd transfer is probably one of the worst i have ever seen.If i did n't know any better , i would have thought this film was made in the late 70 's or early eighties.The colors are flat and the cinematography is dull.There was no risk taking or originality evident here , something Dario prides himself in.A red flag was raised when i discovered that Troma Team handled the dvd transfer.Anchor Bay Ent . wisely took a pass on this film and with good reason.Argento should disassociate himself from them after this horrible effort.Even with a clean transfer the film is still his worst.Forget about extras , they would ` nt even be worth a rental.Hopefully this trailblazing director can find his way again , or maybe his time has passed.Phantom of the Opera was a step in the right direction , but it still was n't on a par with his earlier efforts.Don ' t say i did n't warn you .
 Argento peaked with `` Susperia '' , but this film is still worth looking at , even if it 's only for the first half.One major question is why Argento kept casting his daughter in his later films ? Maybe he thinks she is a brilliant actress . Maybe he enjoys filming her in the shower and being raped . Maybe -LRB- and this is my personal theory -RRB- he does n't have to pay her as much . Whatever the reason , Asia is unconvincing in this role , and had a stronger actress been cast , the film might have held together better.Asia is Anna , a police officer from Rome . Right off the bat there 's a problem with this . Since it 's unlikely Roman police academies recruit out of middle schools , Asia is way , way to young for this role . But , bless her heart , she does give the part her all and creates a likable , sympathetic character out of Anna . Anna is in Florence following up on a lead in a serial rapist case . While in the Uffuzi Gallery she is overcome with intense sensations and hallucinations known as Stendhal Syndrome , and Asia does do a good job in getting us to believe she is disoriented and amnesiatic for a time . She 's then brutally raped by her quarry , returns to Rome for counseling , and then kidnapped and raped again by the monster Alfredo . Here is where Argento had a chance to really give the plot some meat , since Alfredo has fallen in a perverse sort of love with Anna , and exploring their relationship would have been interesting.So ... Anna escapes and we think it 's the end , right ? Uh , no . The movie proceeds to drag on while Anna starts wearing a blonde wig , dates a cute French research assistant and believes herself to be pursued by the presumed dead Alfredo . By the time we get to the pretty good finale , the movie has lost so much momentum that it 's hard to work up any suspense anymore.Still , there are some wonderful trademark Argento shots and angles that are worth watching . Otherwise , the story was too complex for Argento and so it falls flat . Asia tried to make a strong character out of Anna but she was too young and too inexperienced at the time to do so . Alfredo was played wonderfully and while he 's on-screen is very scary . This film had so much potential .
 This is one of my favorite Argento movies , but a horrible blu-ray transfer . Maybe the worst I 've seen so far . I popped in my special edition DVD just to make sure it was n't my imagination , and the DVD looks fantastic . I 'm all for maintaining film grain , but based on a comparison with the DVD , it looks like the blu-ray artificially manufactured it -LRB- maybe it has something to do with going back to the original negative -RRB- . So if you have the Blue Underground 2-Disc Special Edition DVD , do n't waste your money like I did . Just stick with the DVD . And if you do n't have the DVD , I highly recommend it -LRB- if you 're into Italian horror movies , that is ... or Thomas Kretschmann -RRB- .
 The DVD Transfer of this movie is an absolute fiasco , and I am surprised there is n't more noise about it in the reviews . Very close to unwatchable ... and I have an ugly feeling the hideously unprofessional and cheezy Troma studios is will be doing more `` transfers '' of Argento 's work . It truly looks as if Troma `` studios '' ran a bad copy of a VHS tape on a television set , pointed a camcorder at the screen and then made a transfer from that tape . Disgusting . How 's the movie ? Who knows ... you can barely see it . If Troma gets its hands on the great `` Suspiria '' there is no God .
 The Troma release is horrible , do not buy it . If you want a good release of this film , buy the Blue Undergroud disc ... it is more than worth the extra money.The picture and audio quality on the Troma disc is terrible , and the introduction by Lloyd Kaufman is one of the most annoying things I 've ever seen . It 's a shame that Troma ever got their hands on such a great film .
 The Stendhal Syndrome is an effective , stylish thriller from horror maestro Dario Argento . The film alone would rate at least 4 -LRB- out of 5 stars -RRB- but the Troma DVD is pretty appalling . The audio is hissy and the volume low and the picture is incorrectly letterboxed and riddled with digital artifacts . If the DVD were n't bad enough it 's made even worse by having a horrible , embarrassing introduction and foolish , faux interviews with Troma president Lloyd Kaufman . A good film is severely cheapened by a poor presentation . A big , fat ZERO for the disc . Hopefully , Blue Undergroud or Anchor Bay or Mondo Macabro will be able to obtain the rights soon and do this film justice .
 Despite an incredible opening 20 minutes , THE STENDHAL SYNDROMEsoon meanders into tedium and never manages to recover . Although initially disappointing Argento titles such as TRAUMA , for example , have blossomed with the passage of time , this film seems particularly resistant to reappraisal . Certain elements work extremely well , with Thomas Kretschman 's forceful performance , Morricone 's repetitive score and Asia Argento 's hypnotic visit to the Uffizi Gallery being the major assets . Unfortunately , the film soon abandons it 's one truly original idea - the `` Stendhal Syndrome '' itself - and heads in a more mundane killer vs. police direction . Of course , Argento tries to spice this up with abherrent psychology , grotesque sadism and narrative trickery , but the end result never approaches the high standard set by classics such DEEP RED or TENEBRAE . Scenes between Anna -LRB- Asia -RRB- and the police psychiatrist are interminably boring , whilst the less said about the unconvincing family relationships and romantic scenes , the better . Although this is my least favourite Argento film , it certainly did n't deserve the humiliation of being released by Troma ! Lloyd Kaufmann 's inane , ill-informed introduction claims the DVD contains the digitally re-mastered director 's cut . What this actually means is a BADLY transferred version of the TRUNCATED export print . Compared to the luminous image quality of the French DVD , the Troma disc 's muddy , washed out colours are extremely unimpressive . The largely irrelevant extras and promos for idiotic junk only add to the bargain basement atmosphere . If you 're an Argento completist , wait for a more definitive release - shelling out for this contemptible mess from Troma would be murder .
 If you have the time and money get it but not much of what you do n't already know !
 I bought thnking was another artist , but anyway when I watch it , how bad this guy sing , very bad , no voice , it is terrible show , terrible sound . Not worth it at all
 If you like early Mark Harmon , then it is worth the time . Otherwise , it is a made for TV style situation comedy . There are some embarrassing moments and a heart-warming ending .
 This film is about power . A strong willed wealthy man who manipulates everything and those who love him and wish to be in line with his dominance . We wait to see if $ will win . Claustrophobic . Mr Mads plays it close to the chest . There is not one but two men who are wired to protect the security of others particularly one woman . Basically that is the premise . A soapy drama based on these tight social ` taking care of ' themes . The ending is supposed to look somewhat happy but feels dismal . The king of manipulation has played everyone . No one shines in this in fact everyone is equally suppressed . Natural look to the lighting -LRB- just mentioning -RRB- . I suppose the nastiness of the financial element in combination with a family plot makes for a very medieval story . Think marriage to maintain political security between territories . Overly tight social guilt and weak personalities make the film grim . Different category from something like American Beauty which springs to mind similar in the introversion & obsessive motives and somewhat dislikable personalities of the characters . Where American Beauty shines with art however After the Wedding feels artless . They both are depressing but somehow this one is simply mean spirited .
 Half an hour into this film I was hooked , wondering what the director would do with what had started out as a remarkable work . At the end I was yawning . After the Wedding starts off tremendously -- a Danish aid worker in India learns he will get the large donation he needs to keep his childrens ' home running . The catch is that he has to fly to Denmark to meet the donor , who plays with him , suggesting he needs time to really decide whether to hand over the money . `` I have to go to a wedding this weekend , '' he says . `` Why not come with me ? '' The aid worker turns up at the wedding to discover his long-lost former girlfriend there . She 's married to the donor and may or may not be the mother to the aid worker 's child , one he never knew he had.Here 's where we are 30 minutes in . And then it all falls apart spectacularly , dissolving into near gibberish as we 're hit with melodrama piled on melodrama and bizarre plot twist following on bizarre plot twist . Sadly , none of it is convincing , and by the end I just wanted it to stop . The aid worker starts off as a cipher , someone we know little about , and that 's how he stays all the way through . This movie is a mess .
 A series of short vignettes about fencing , none detailed enough to impart and real knowledge . A definite lack of technical instruction on fencing . Not sure who this video would be useful for ... certainly not a beginner trying to learn about the technical aspects of the sport .
 and what is with the foot?Usually a preview should -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- show a good example that will motivate people to watch moreof it and this just is n't it ... I have n't viewed the video or part you can download as yet but if this picture is an example of what it contains I am not too inclined to view more of it ... what are these two fencers doing?is the one on the right attacking with a foot in the air , next arm and point way off target or are they retreating ? and if so what the . . are they doing ? Balance ?!? and the fencer on the left - are they attacking ? bent arm ? what is with the front foot?ok so maybe need to download it and view it but I have enough faults in my technique without viewing this ... sorry was just looking up fencing on amazon and found this video download ... sighand if you are wondering I have over 20 years of fencing - all three weapons and I like to think -LRB- some ... may disagree ... lol -RRB- that I am an ok fencer ...
 When I went to this movie , I was hoping for something decent . But instead I found out that it was the worst action movie that I 've ever seen . I 'm a fan of the WWE , but I know that the wresters ca n't act to save thier lives . But I went to see this movie , because I was hoping that it would make me change my mind . But it did n't , there was only one good scene in the movie and that was the very first 5 minutes . John Cena 's character in Iraq showed how brave our troops truly are , even though he went in guns ablazing . I love action movies , I love the testaterone pumping flicks like Terminator 2 , Predator , and Casino Royale . But this movie did n't get me excited , in fact , it made me laugh . By the end of the movie my sides hurt from laughing so hard . John Cena is about as good of an actor as he is in the ring . His character survives around 6 or 7 massive explosions without a scratch . I do n't mind when an action flick has scenes that ca n't happen in real life , but this was overkill . The only reason I gave this move 2 out of 5 stars instead of 1 , was because of it 's portrayal of how brave our troops are over in Iraq . When I went to go see it with my friend , he and I were probably the only people without Cena shirts on , so if you 're a fan of Cena , then you 'll love this movie . I for one ca n't beleive how crappy of a movie it was . Do n't waste your money on this , go buy a copy of Terminator 2 , you 'll thank me .
 Keep your hands of this movie , it definitley aint worth watching.The story is thinner than a crack ho on her last day on earth , unvoluntarily ridiculous and so placatively wanna-be-patriotic that homeland security shines outta your butt when ya bother watching this crappy movie.One of the worst movies i ve seen in years .
 I did not like it very much ... bought it because of the fact that my son went to high school with him and thought it would be nice to have . It was not as much action as I thought it would be ... a little dull ... but not bad for his first ... know he will get better as the `` Rock '' did !!!
 For the first half hour of this movie the viewer may get the idea that the script Michelle Gallagher and Alan B. McElroy is just awful -LRB- with good perception ! -RRB- , but as the film 's story evolves the idea that this may just be a National Lampoon parody of action flicks - and if that is the case , it is truly a funny bit of entertainment - for a while . Then it becomes obvious that the minimal storyline -LRB- ex-Marine 's wife is abducted by diamond thieves and Marine elects to leave his one day ` security job ' and take the initiative to capture his wife and strike down the bad guys in the swamps of North Carolina -RRB- is really just a matrix for staging as many pyrotechniques explosions as possible . It does get tedious.The ` star ' of this noisy , ` Unrated-for-destructive-violence ' film is one John Cena , another wrestler from WWE -LRB- World Wrestling Entertainment -RRB- being promoted by the director John Bonito to follow the path of The Rock
 first the acting was so so so bad the movie , this is what i have to say ? but they get E for effort .
 Patrick was the only real enjoyable part of this whole movie , and he kept it entertaining , which is the only reason I could think of anyone -LRB- who 's not a kid or a Cena fan -RRB- wanting to see this movie . The movie pretty much portrays Cena in the action film genre as the WWE portrays him as a WWE superstar , invincible , unbeatable , and never get 's injured . The way bullets and explosions always seem to miss him make it seem like John Woo films -LRB- such as Hard Boiled -RRB- are realistic enough to be documentaries . The 2 scenes I can easily point out as examples include when Cena is driving a car at the car the villians are driving , and 2 or 3 villians are unloading magazine after magazine rounds at the ` front ' of the car , shattering the window , destroying the hood , and yet not one even scratches Cena who does n't even try to dodge most of them -LRB- there 's one part where he tries to put up a bullet proof vest , but that only lasts for a couple seconds , and you mine as well forget it ever happened when compared to the rest of the scene -RRB- . Then the part at the end fight -LRB- with Patrick -RRB- where Cena takes a sledgehammer to the gut at a full force impact , then continues the fight 15 seconds later like nothing happened.The movie is good as a one time popcorn flick with a few buddies , but even then it would still not be enjoyable since , like in 9 out of 10 Cena matches in the WWE , Cena wins , and the opponent -LRB- s -RRB- people are really cheering for and who are overall better than Cena -LRB- in this case , Patrick has better charisma and acting skills -RRB- lose.See it if you want , but I would put it on the ` pass ' list . There are worse movies than this .
 Lots of action , but totally unbelievable , just like watching wrestling . Amusing enough to watch but not to own .
 ... is a lie and the truth is n't in them !! This movie was awful . From begining to end . Even the title did n't match . Marine ? He was a Marine for all of 5 minutes of the movie !! LOL . But that is n't the worse part.The acting was terrible . Even the good actors -LRB- Robert Patrick -RRB- played terrible roles . The plot was unbelieveable , the action was unbelieveable , and the comedy was corny . I think the problem was the script itself , but I think GOOD ACTING could have pulled it off.As always I encourage people to see it , but do n't spend your money on it . It 's garbage .
 I really wanted to like this movie , honest I did . It 's got all of my requirements
 this movie is an awful movie . the acting is horrible and the actors try to hard to try and be funny which just makes the movie painful . the main character , played by john cena , seems to have animal like reflexes and instincts , seeming to be able to track the bad guys down by stupid things like sniffing the air and following non-existent clues . Im not going to go into every stupid part of this movie , but ill just say its EXTREMELY unrealistic . its so bad , i think a 5 year old can point out the ridiculous things john cena `` can '' do . for example , hes able to practically fly and jump onto a moving truck from standing on the ground . he is also able to survive being inside a building that blows up and looks as though the atom bomb was dropped on it , yet somehow he still is alive . also , i might be crazy , but im pretty sure if you were holding onto a truck and being rammed through a building at fast speeds , you wouldnt live . also , not many people i know can run through walls and not be hurt . speaking of not being hurt , there is an instance in the movie while inside a burning building , john cena is hit by falling , burning wood and is unaffected . this movie is awful and i would recommend if your looking for an action movie , to look somewhere else . i cant believe people actually buy this movie and can watch it without wanting to cry .
 At least once a year , along comes a film that 's so wrapped up in hype and promises of greatness that you know it ca n't be as good as its makers would want you to believe . The distinctive model of this for 2006 was `` The Marine '' , the second feature of the newly-founded WWE Films , starring ex world champion John Cena . To state plainly , this is one godawful movie
 Oh boy , it seems we have a wannabe Rambo in the house ! Seriously this is one of those movies that you got ta watch to laugh at . The movie does have a lot of action scenes , stuff blowing up , people dodging bullets . and none of them are realistic . The good thing this movie boosts is that it does n't take itself seriously . It has a few of lame one liners , it even breaks the third wall in one sceneThe movie tells the story of a recently discharged marine ; he arrives home to begin a new life with his wife . They decide to take a road trip , have a good time together , but his wife gets kidnapped oh noo ! Yeah so now Mr. Marine must save her . In the process he beats a lot of bad guys . Anyway it 's an okay movie to watch when there 's nothing on the teliMY PERSONAL RATING
 Thank god I borrowed this movie from my roommate . I doubt I would have ever even rented it if I was back in the states -LRB- I 'm in Iraq right now -RRB- . This is going to be a short review for a pretty bad movie.Before you read my review , please take not that I 'm an action movie fan . Whether it 's a good one with a pretty decent plot or a fun one where you can drink and laugh to it with its whack out plot and crazy actions scenes . This movie just fell short of anything fun or good.The beginning intro with Cena rescuing some marine buddies was action packed but choreographed horribly . It looked incredibly fake . My hopes for a decent movie faded quickly.One of the cooler parts of the movie was a bank heist that was led by Rome -LRB- Robert Patrick better known as T1000 from T2 -RRB- . If it was n't for the horrible direction and script , Patrick would 've pulled this character off in a very cool way . This scene gave me hope for an ok movie to maybe get a little drunk to and laugh at the over the top action scenes.Then comes the kidnapping . It felt like 40 minutes of the movie we watched Cena run and jump through the woods trying to rescue his girl from the bad guys . Pretty annoying.Then we see the bad guys take refuge in an abandoned bar in the middle of a swamp that the police were JUST in . Honestly I believe there would 've been cops that would 've stayed there JUST in case this exact scenario would have happened ... but whatever ... I dont expect common sense to happen in action movies ... especially bad ones like this . So we have Cena taking out bad guy after bad guy here till the oh so predictable twist of the movie happens.If you like explosions , trust me about this , you 'll see massive ones every 25 minutes of the movie it seems like.Also Kate -LRB- Kelly Carlson from Nip/Tuck -RRB- played a pretty good part for such a bad role . What really makes me irritated about her part though was that she gave the bad guys SUCH hell that there is no way they would n't have just killed her to get rid of the crap she was putting them through . Like I said earlier , I dont mind cheese in bad action movies , but this was just driving me nuts.I gave it 2 stars mainly for Robert Patrick . Like I said earlier , he played his part as well as he could for the craptastic script . I would love to see him with a similar role in a movie that 's in better hands .
 Now The Marine does n't try to be a good movie , it lets you know right from the beginning what it is going to be . A huge muscleman marine is told to wait for the rest of the soldiers on a mission . He says `` not enough time '' and charges in to blow things up . Next scene he is being discharged and has to go find a job as a security guard . This is all in the first 2 minutes of the movie . The thing that really bothered me about the movie was that everything that went on really had no point and did not make a difference later in the film . That is n't the only thing they were n't able to complete , not by a long shot . The bad guys have this big black guy on their side and he is not unfunny , they just do n't give him anything funny to say . I seriously think that he did n't complete a single joke . In fact , the liquid metal guy from Terminator 2 stars as the main bad guy and they even throw in a reference to that and it was the only joke they actually completed . I thought that it was the least bad part of the movie.Now the reason I went to see this was becasue I was told it had great fights . The shootouts were nice to look at and the explosions became so repetitious I almost fell asleep , but the fights were once again just the same old I hit you and then you hit me style . The best fight of the movie included 2 characters who were never explained and this scene could have been from entirely different film for all I know . So if you are looking for the worst big budget movie of the year , then check this out .
 You really have to give it up to wrestling promoter Vince McMahon . He has failed miserably with the WBF , XFL and programs on MTV & he could n't sell a quality meal in New York City . So Vince now tries that magic business touch in the film industry . Huh?It appears that Vince has just a little jealousy towards `` The Rock , '' Dwayne Johnson , and his great success making movies to the point where he does n't need to do any bumps for the WWE and the McMahon family . Granted , Vince receives a nice sum of cash for Johnson 's wrestling moniker to be used for movies , but that just is n't enough.And where Johnson has long-since passed up the 1980s-styled superhero genre , here comes Vince lumbering along in his powerwalk with his answer to The Rock , John Cena . Yes , that John Cena who was going to be a hip-hop star ; until he proved that he has no hip and zero hop in his mic skills.But have a script comparable with Sylvester Stallone 's ridiculous Rambo character - with Cena 's mannerisms that could be termed as the nephew to the fictional tough-guy - blow all kinds of things up and Vince is in business . Hardly.The first weekend in theaters , October 13-15 , 2006 , The Marine did a tepid $ 7 million in box office sales and then sank faster than a pay-per-view main event featuring Fit Finlay.Cena plays his WWE role well , but he is n't a real actor . Vince is a wrestling promoter who has failed each time he has stepped outside the family business . The Marine was produced 20-plus years too late to have anyone but the biggest WWE Cena fans taking time to see it in theaters.And Vince better keep that cozy economic reality in mind for the next flick .
 John Cena is perfect as the former marine who goes on a rampage to rescue his wife from killers . The movie moves fast and its slick production and sets adds to the visual eye candy.My only beef is with the WWF empire that produces these Wrestler-turned-Action Star movies . The WWF gave us Stone Cold Steve Austin in THE CONDEMNED which was fun and Austin was great . But like THE MARINE , we see almost zero of the world famous torsoes of these super heroes . In THE CONDEMEND , Austin never takes off his shirt for one scene . And he has a body to die for . in THE MARINE , you 've got about l5 seconds where we see Cena without his shirt and his body is amazing . But after that , he 's fully covered . The reason I worship these wrestling super stars is because they 're so damned good looking and they do n't mind strutting their stuff in a pair of speedoes . One can only hope that the next WWF action thriller will give us a super star wrestler who exhibits his chest -- like Schwartzenneger , Stallone , Von Damm -- and give us fans something to thrill to .
 ` The Marine ' has an instant appeal . While not innovative , it sports some eye-popping pyrotechnics and chase scenes that do n't give the audience a chance to catch its breath . John Cena fans will likely be enthralled , especially since his character acquires some boxing and martial arts abilities to add to his wrestling repertoire . -LRB- Nine lives do n't hurt , either . -RRB- Even the threads and riveting music draw our attention ; both a modest update to ` Miami Vice , ' -LRB- the TV series -RRB- . Seeming random at first , John Tritan -LRB- Cena -RRB- gets established as a sort of Iraq War Rambo whose prowess will undoubtedly help him save his domestic life . Coming home , he finds his new job as a security guard dull , even if it gets him on the eleven o'clock news and another chance to come home to Kay -LRB- Kelly Carlson -RRB- , his pretty young wife . The plot is simple
 This film is complete and total garbage i mean its really bad . John plays a Marine who gets kicked out of the Corps after defying orders to save the lives of some Marines . I wont even get into that rats nest of crap . So he is discharged from the Marines and is trying to start working a civilian job . While on a road trip with his wife some people who robbed a jewelery store and happened to stop at the same gas station end up kidnapping his wife and begins his outrageously stupid and ill scripted pursuit . Fact is John was able to track his targets through the marsh and swamp while quite often they were on a road . The thought process that i have would be is that they could take any back road/dirt road or anything that connect to the main road they would be gone and he would be heading in the completely wrong direction . However somehow he is always able to find the bad guys . My biggest complain is that it is a movie about a Marine and he never really uses a gun , he takes them and never uses them . I think the person who wrote it does n't realize that every Marine is a rifleman and i can not think of one who would n't use a gun to protect his wife . This movie is your standard WWE/WWF film that solves everything with hand to hand combat scenes . I mean come on if i would of wanted to watch a fighting movie then that is what i would 've bought . However i bought a movie titled MARINE i fully expect there to be FIREFIGHTS and shooting . That is what really irritates me along with the pathetic acting is that it does n't make sense . Marines are trained to use guns but this guy does n't seem to use them even when his wife is in danger.I 'm not really sure i can convey to you how bad this movie is.It would be a good film for people who prefer hand to hand combat and like movies with really bad acting and holes in the plot so big you can drive a semi truck threw them.This movie starts out bad and just gets worse and worse.Horrible Movie 1/5 stars .
 I gave this movie a chance because Robert Patrick was in it . He could n't give it any justice at all . The action was over the top and unrealistic . The criminals were all cliched especially the African-American criminal . -LRB- Do n't know why they always have to make African-American characters have a smart mouth , it 's too stereotypical -RRB- John Cena ca n't act his way out of a paper bag and he 's too damn bulky with his cucumber fingers . The car chase scene with all them bullets hitting the car and Cena is still driving and able to avoid every single bullet . He 's hit with multiple objects but still no mark on him . The wife gets knocked the hell out so many times but no bruise on her at all . This movie was ridiculous do n't waste your time unless you 're a Cena mark .
 As soon as this movie started and I saw `` WWE '' on my TV screen I said `` This is gon na suck . '' And it did n't disappoint . This movie sucked ! Bad ! It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . The story did n't make a lick of sense . You got these bad guys who kidnap a random woman whose husband turns out to be Rambo . The marine chases after these guys , killing them one by one . You 'd think they 'd just give him back his wife . She means nothing to them . Give her back and they can go on with their criminal business . But no . They hold on to her.The marine runs/jumps in slow motion away from explosions at least 4 times in this movie . This movie is filled with every single action movie clich&eacute; and it did n't thrill in the slightest . It was n't even bad enough to be good . It was just bad . It stunk .
 Do not bother ! Cena does not have the potential of the Rock or even Kane for that matter . They are just trying to make more money off of the uneducated wrestling fan !
 For Cena 's first movie , it was okay . Lot 's of explosives but I really would n't recommend the movie . Some okay jokes , and the story line was kind of weak . Typical ransom , give me back my wife type of movie . I recommend that you wait till the movie comes on television , and then decide if you want to buy it or not .
 This is essentially a live action G.I. Joe film for people with IQ 's below 85 . I walked out after about 5-10 minutes . I changed the ticket over to Jackass 2 and laughed harder than I have in years during a movie .
 Three or four years back , I wrote a screenplay about a Marine who comes back from IRAQ . He is struggling to adapt to civilian life and hold onto his relationship with his wife when she is abducted in a bank robbery.As his life crumbles and the police seem less interested in recovering his wife , he goes the vigilante route , tracking , interrogating and diving into dangerous situations , ultimately leading him to Las Vegas where he uncovers a large scale plot that is bigger than he or anyone could ever imagine.Other than the fact that my script is more complex and has better dialogue , the biggest difference between my script and THE MARINE is that the lead character in my script is REAL . A real , flesh and blood , human being Marine with vulnerabilities , emotions and he actually bleeds . He 's a real person , like somebody you might know from your town who went to Iraq.While THE MARINE 'S John Triton -LRB- John Cena -RRB- is bulletproof , explosion proof , dives through walls unscratched , hangs onto semi-trucks while it drives through buildings and despite the bombardment of boards , pipes and tin sheets , he rolls off and groans before jumping up and kicking more butt . Not to mention , I do n't think a scene goes by that he does n't remind everybody that he 's a Marine and it 's the only thing he knows . By the way , the tin sheets would have severed him , easily.Oh , and of course the name Triton is appropriate to refer to John Cena as a Greek God or the largest moon of Neptune.Ridiculous is an understatement . This movie insults our intelligence with a symplistic , unrealistic , poorly written story . Deplorable acting from all involved . Was this movie trying to be a comedy ? The jewl thieves are idiots and are more concerned with trying to be comedic than to try to come up with a plan to escape.The real shame is that my script is pretty well useless now . The creators of this movie make dozens of references to my script in the early goings and now my script is old news . Unfortunately , hollywood big wigs have put their MONEY behind THE MARINE , a silly , poorly written , poorly thought out , poorly acted piece of junk.You need more than dozens of unrealistic and over-the-top explosions to grab this reviewer . Unfortunately , I have a brain , and I need more from my action movie than this stupid movie that has absolutely nothing in it that is memorable or meritable .
 If you are looking for a movie with bad acting-cliche lines-and never gon na happen action sequences this is the movie for you ! Otherwise , I would n't even waste a Netflix rental on it .
 I must admit I saw this upon its theatrical release late last year and I was pissed off upon walking out the theater at the fact that I spent 7.50 for something I could 've waited for on DVD . The action is great for any fan of many explosions , unrealistic fights and over the top car chases -LRB- exactly how many times can you shoot a car with automatic weapons and it still drives as if it just came straight off the lot ? -RRB- ... however the acting was poor by practically everyone ... nothing convincing at all . I was actually ashamed of screen veteran Robert Patrick 's performance ... silly punchlines and almost a robotic performance . WWE wrestler John Cena 's performance looks as if it was painfully rehearsed one too many times ... even the exotic Kelly Carlson 's -LRB- who had probably every man in the theater wanting her to go to her NipTuck ways of nakedness or sexy lingerie ... sorry fellas no such luck -RRB- portayal of Kate Triton -LRB- John 's fiance -RRB- leaves her acting abilities a little less desirable . Even the supporting cast of almost relative unknowns ... except for Morgan -LRB- Anthony Ray Parker , who many may remember played Dozer in the Matrix -RRB- however his bad punchlines , uneven temper and constant `` black man plight '' rants couldnt give CPR to a movie that began drowning from the opening credits . I ca n't remember the last time I scored something this low but it had to be done for the sake of the action/adventure genre ... 1 and a half stars .
 I really hope the American Military did n't support this movie considering how things are going over there in order to recruit more bodies . If so that was a poor attempt . After watching this movie it left me quite speechless . War is entirely different , and should not be made glamorous for recruiting purposes . `` The Marine '' is a very simple film with a few minor twists here and there . In the tradition of The Rock , John Cena has begun a movie career after gaining notoriety as a wrestler . Both wrestlers/actors are muscle bound former college football players . Whereas The Rock has now proven he can act in a variety of roles , Cena has just proven that he can do action . His role in `` The Marine '' is evidence that he may very well be successful in films , but he will need to find better material than this . The directing here is nothing special , but seeing this is John Bonito 's first feature , I have nothing to support my cause as I have nothing more to base it on , but he is able to deliver a film that is very easy and even if Bonito got a little explosion happy . The plot however , is pointless . Throughout this movie these imbecile thieves call attention to themselves every chance they get . After robbing a jewelry store , they do n't just stroll away as no one outside knows what they did . They blow up a cop car . Why ? I have no idea . One member of the group is prone to telling sad stories of his youth . Too often the camera lingers on the bad guys and then quickly gives us a shot of Cena running . Sure , Patrick is a bigger movie star than Cena , but this is Cena 's movie . I really did not care about the bad guys other than how Cena is going to kick their -LSB- ... -RSB- . I will say that Cena has the build and look of an action hero in the grain of Jean-Claude Van Damme . He fits right in with the ` unstoppable 80 's action hero mold . ' He is 90 % muscle and 10 % charm . He has few lines of dialogue but does well enough with what he has . Robert Patrick hammed it up , but seemed to relish playing a wise-cracking psychotic murderer . No one else is worth mentioning , as it seems paychecks were just collected . Cena , who is also a rapper , had also been wearing military attire at his matches . No doubt he is doing so for publicity sake of this movie , which celebrates Marines as heroes which is great but nothing he can do is going to generate enough interest to make `` The Marine '' a success .
 ... really quite staggeringly , breathtakingly bad - unless you 're particularly fond of big explosions , that is , in which case you 'll absolutely love it . If you do n't , prepare for a totally ridiculous tale woodenly acted without much conviction . Not even Robert Patrick 's nasty chief villain can save this monumental turkey . It has but one good moment , when a minor baddie , seeing the chasing ex-Marine , says , `` He 's like a Terminator '' , and gets an annoyed glance from Patrick , who played the liquid metal Terminator in `` Terminator II '' .
 This is the first time that I 've ever felt so compelled to write a review for a movie I thought was horrible . But this movie is that bad.I ca n't believe someone actually enjoyed this.The one liners , and that whole rock candy thing ??? What was that all about ? Was that supposed to be funny?Who wrote this anyway ? He should be tried in a criminal court for waisting my money and my time.The acting was also some of the worst I 've seen . I will never be able to watch Terminator 2 again.Oh , the explosions were impressive . Maybe if you took away everything but the explosions it would n't be too bad.Thanks . I feel a little `` dumber '' for having sat through the whole thing .
 it 's funny how stereotypes can either make or break a movie . this was an aweful attempt to sell something that it was n't . John Cena might be able to act , but he got completely shot down in this one from the horrible directing and script , as well as the terribly bad acting from the supporting cast except maybe from the sarcastic guy from Terminator 2 . I had an unbelievably hard time trying to get passed the self-stereotyping done by the bad guys . it was like they were trying to get the audience to hate the fact that they were even casted into the movie . This is one movie i would n't recommend to anyone except the extreme fans of the WWE , or maybe the little kids who believe the storylines in wrestling are actually real drama.one fine point that i thought was extremely humorous about the movie . How is it that you can drive a camero -LRB- or whatever the cop car was -RRB- at top speeds with a million and one bullet holes in it and not either a -RRB- blow up , b -RRB- blow a tire , c -RRB- just die or d -RRB- not allow the driver to get hit from any of the million and one bullets?i certainly hope this movie was supposed to be strictly a comedy because if it was n't , the director should be shot and left in the car that mysteriously did n't blow up .
 This movie was not meant to be taken seriously ... I think what they tried to do here is re-live the 80 's action flick experience . If you watch this movie you are falsly lead to believe that you can be blown up and still survive , take a fire extinguisher to the face and get right back up , and can be shot at 100 's of times and not take a hit . The dialouge is silly , however , the acting is pretty good . Sit back and enjoy/laugh .
 As an ex-marine I can tell you that the only shred of realism in this thing was the marine being punished for doing well . He can afford a nice house and a new Lincoln Navigator on peon pay . He chases his wifes kidnappers thru a construction zone at 100 MPH , endangering everybody instead of just laying back and using the radio to tell the cops where to put a roadblock . He gets hit in the head with enough stuff to start a junkyard but never shows a mark , gets blown up at least twice without being even singed . The HiPo Camaro takes dozens of hits but they all miss the radiator , tires , electrical and fuel system . Not for anybody older than 10 . It did have nice explosions , though .
 This by far the worst movie that I have ever paid to see at a theatre . That is not to say that it would n't make a good rental ; where through multiple viewers you could knock the viewing price down to 15 cents a person , but then that would still be too much to pay for this movie . WWE Entertainment should stick to what it does best - wrestling events where the story line is better inside the squared circle . Outside of a Terminator reference made to Robert Patrick , this is a total waste of 91 minutes of your life .
 This movie really is a complete stinkpot.The acting is horrible , the action is way too over the top and unbeleivable , and the comedy is way too stupid and cheesy . First off the movie gets started in a crazy action scene/war flashback . No story what so ever . The car chase scene is so full of it , a car gets shot with a high powered rifle like 500 times and is still driving around . Even the twist at the end was completely easy to figure out . Please avoid this reeking exploding crock of ...
 I watched this movie for some sign of a redeeming quality ; and found none . The acting was terrible , the action scenes were dramatically staged and unrealistic , no plot , and they did n't even try to make it humorous . If you watch the special features , they beat the living daylights out of the main character who got injured numerous times during the creation . I felt bad for him because he was really trying . If they had a halfway decent director or photographer , they could have used this guy 's effort and hard work to make a good movie . If you want to watch a good B action movie , rent Equilibrium or Dark City . Skip this one .
 `` The Marine '' reminds me of the old-fashioned action films made in the 1980s like Arnold Schwarzenegger 's `` Commando . '' If you remember this film , our hero is a retired elite commando , single-handedly saves the kidnapped daughter , and kills all the bad guys . The story is incredible , I know , but fun nonetheless.In `` The Marine '' WWE 's John Cena plays that hero John Triton , a marine discharged for disobeying the direct orders . The difference here is that the hero has to rescue his wife kidnapped by the diamond robbers and the gangs ' leader is played by Robert Patrick . And watching `` Commando '' is more fun.Frankly I do n't care the wooden acting of the cast and the predicable -LRB- and unrealistic -RRB- story as long as the film provides good actions . Actually I found John Cena is not that bad as critics say , and Kelly Carlson as his wife did a fine job . Also `` The Marine '' has one car chases with good stunt and one funny one-liner about Robert Patrick 's career making role.But things start to look silly when these actions are drawn-out . There are scenes big explosions , but they only help lower the film 's tension as the poorly-written storyline and choppy editing make it clear that none of these poses a danger to the protagonist who can easily survive and go to the next set-piece . Moreover , it 's not exciting to see the baddies fighting among them more then once . It 's not thrilling to watch them trudging through thick mud of the swamp , either . `` The Marine '' is an old-school action film that needs someone capable of handling the materials -LRB- themselves not bad -RRB- in a much better form .
 I have to say this movie is beyond ridiculous ! When watching an action movie like this , one should have an open mind and realize that this is a fatasy world , but ... `` The Marine '' is summed up in one sentence in the film . As one character says to Robert Patrick 's character -LRB- who starred in T2 Terminator 2 -RRB- and says this guy is like the Terminator ! ... That was the funniest line in the movie , but this guy is n't the Terminator and he escapes too many sure deaths for me to take this movie any more serious than an old Looney Tune cartoon ! The acting is terrible and the characters are not intersting ... in short ... this movie SUX !
 this movie stinks i hate this movie and this movie has ripped off rambo yes this movie ripped off rambo this movie stinks the director the producers the actors and actresses all stink !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is easily one of the worst movies ever made !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I gave this movie 1 star for only one reason Kelly Carlson is beautiful , other than that the movie goes as follows , marine gets dishonorably discharged and seems to be ok with it , wife gets kidnaped , he gets beat up , knocked out several times , gets burned , blown up , by the most overdone explosions and walks away without a scratch , this movie is pure hollywood , it was a waste of money and time , you really have to wonder if the producers ever spent any time in the military , I have never met a marine worth his salt that had to go telling everyone -LRB- Im a marine -RRB- , every soldier I have ever known that talks like that was always in some bar fight or some other altercation with someone , It was a laughably stupid movie
 Hey Im open to wrestlers acting in movies . The Rock is doing it , Hogan did it for a bit . I did enjoy wwe 's other movies but this ... this was just plain bad . Cena has to be one of the worst actors to ever get a starring role in a movie released in theaters . Attack of the show 's Chris Gore put it at best when he said that they tried to hide the bad acting with a bunch of explosion and action . The storyline itself was bad because well it has already been done a million times before . A guy 's girlfriend/wife is kidnapped and he tries to get her back . WWE could have easily found someone better . Skip this movie . In fact do someone a favor , buy the dvd and destroy it so no one would have to witness this horrible movie . I would give it a 0 if I could . Nothing about this movie is good
 THE MARINE proves yet again that an action movie needs to have the focus on the hero and his motivation . When a film like this one has some truly outstanding fiery explosions to maintain a viewer 's interest , that attention span will last only for as long as do the FX , and even with that there are diminishing returns . John Cena , the WWE wrestler , is John Triton , an ex-Marine discharged from the Corps only because he disobeyed orders to save the lives of three fellow marines . You would think his commanding officer would have understood . He takes a job as a security officer and gets fired immediately , again for just doing his job . The primary problem with THE MARINE is the expectation that one has in terms of why one sees this film . I choose to see action movies that have a hard to achieve balance between the exploits of the action star and the believability of the plot . Stallone had no problem doing that in any of his RAMBO films . Cena has a long way to go to find this happy medium.Robert Patrick is the Bad Guy . He mugs , makes unwelcome advances to Cena 's wife , and generally conducts a criminal campaign on the fly . You know that an action film is off kilter when the Bad Guy by default becomes the focus of interest . Cena does little more than take beatings , give beatings , narrowly escape death in fiery car crashes , and scowl on cue . If Cena has a future in acting , that future is probably in the ring as a wrestler .
 Welcome to the world of The Marine where John Cena unconvincingly plays a discharged marine who 's wife is kidnapped by a bunch of ignoble diamond thieves . Welcome to the world of The Marine where our `` hero '' escapes death by fire not once , not twice but three times ! Welcome to the world of The Marine where a woman can come between a hairsbreadth of escaping the clutches of the bumbling idiots who hold her captive AND STILL GETS CAUGHT ! Welcome to the world of The Marine where men take punches that would knock Suge Knight out -LRB- what , too soon ? -RRB- Welcome to the world of The Marine where stereotypical black men run around saying cliches like yep , you guessed it , `` why it always got ta be a brother ? '' . Welcome to the world of The Marine where bad guys could n't hit the broadside of a barnyard with semi-automatic weapons . Welcome to the world of The Marine where our `` hero '' can get shot at and not get hit . Welcome to the world of The Marine where monosyllabic hillbillies with an irrational fear of cops reside in the bayou . Welcome to the World of The Marine where a women can get submerged under water for seven minutes and STILL LIVE ! Welcome the the world of The Marine where cheesy one-liners run wild and a distinguished actor like Robert Patrick is at his worst . You get the drift.The plot is weak , the action scenes are a joke and John Cena should n't be within a 3000 mile radius of a camera -LRB- he looks so constipated -RRB- . This is the type of movie that The Last Action Hero made fun of . Ridiculous action scenes that defy all logic and the corny one-liners spouted in this movie makes the one-liners in Batman and Robin seem hip . Dont waste precious time on this movie . We 're talking 92 minutes of pain and suffering . Your eyeballs will roll out of you head because you rolled your eyes so much at the sheer absurdity of this schlocky action flick . John Cena is right when he says that nobody cant see him . Nobody cant see him being a good actor after seeing unfunny action flick . Malibu 's Most Unwanted should stick to wrestling . This is the worst WWE film ever made point blank period .
 Might actually watch this if Cena was n't in it , if his acting is any worse than his wrestling persona this will be his last movie . * Update : Marine II will star Ted Dibease HAHAHAHAHAHAH LOL !!!! pathetic .
 This movie is almost a joke . The beginning starts off quite nicely with our `` Marine '' taking down 9 terrorist with a machine gun and hand-to-hand combat , without even being touched . The problem is later in the movie our same `` Marine '' is knocked down with a fire extinguisher , a branch , and a bar . Apparently terrorists trained in the military with machine guns are much less capable than a man with a fire extinguisher.Second , the `` Marine '' was knocked unconscious by both the fire extinguisher and tree branch yet being punched hard multiple times tied to a chair , he is left un-phased . Third , our `` Marine '' seems to get punched a lot for being such a skilled fighter . Even going up against hill billies he gets thrown through a table . Which also shows hill billies are skilled in hand to hand combat , a reality this movie taught me.Fourth , no one seems to care that our well respected `` Marine '' leaves a wounded cop unattended and steals a cop car . Throughout the movie he causes hundreds of thousands of dollars of damage without being reprimanded.Fifth , a good portion of the movie consist of our `` Marine '' following people through the woods . That 's it ... . Wow ... . Exciting ... Sixth , our marine jumps out of a flaming car over the edge of a cliff . 10 minutes later he is walking on land . Apparently it is left to our imagination how marines can fly.Seventh , When our `` Marine '' gives CPR its just pathetic . It looks funny to begin with because John Cena 's arms are as big as his wifes body , but its even worse because he does n't do CPR right to begin with.I 'll be fair , there were good fight scenes . There was a girl-girl fight scene -LRB- which lasted about 1 minute -RRB- though it was much more entertaining than the WWE girl-girl `` matches '' . This movie was not action packed , it had action , but was not action packed .
 This movie was a joke , a bad actor , and a bad story , makes it look like the Marine Corp gung ho killers .
 If you overlook the fact that they use a Army cover -LRB- hat -RRB- instead of a Marine one , and you over look that the Officer salutes and enlisted man first and not the correct way , which is the other way around , and if you over look the unbelievable plot , and you overlook the poor acting , and you over look the over the top explosions and seemingly bullet proof cop car -LRB- except when it flying through the air upside down -RRB- , and you over look the campy dialog , and you overlook the super human aspect of a number of the characters like being beat mercilessly with a steel pole and they can still save the day nearly unfettered and if you over look all of that and so much more you 'll have an enjoyable film.It is your by the book , boy loves girl , girl gets in danger , boy saves girl , they live happily ever after with overly excessive explosions and no surprises , no intrigue , predictable from the opening scene to the last one type of low grade movie . If none of these little quirks and so many more do not bother you , then you might enjoy this . It is at best a ` rent it ' and not a ` buy it ' if you must see it , you have to see it . But if you opt to skip it , you 're not missing much in the least . I give it 2 stars and I 'm being kind .
 john cena has to be the worst actor in history , wiht corny quote and stare one after another , it just shows how fargone the world of film has become , i honestly cant belive how people can pay for this . not only is john cena annoying his acting is unbearable , its worse then wacthing george bush 's innauguration ... dont buy it , your waisting your money , its a joke , i honestly dont get how someone could watch him unless ypu think he attractive , which unless you like people who act what their not , then he 's ur type john cena is the worst thing to happen to wrestling
 You know those movies from back in the day that you thought were great , but you watch them now and think they are the worst movies ever made ? This movie could certainly fit the later , but whether you think it is any good in the first place remains to be seen . The quality of this movie , or lack thereof as the case may be , is evidenced in the filming sequence -LRB- you 've seen it a 100 times before in every B movie that has come before it -RRB- and the dialog -LRB- painful -RRB- of the opening scene . There is no plot nor dialog to be had in this movie.This movie is about WWE style action and John Cena . Some good points , the death of Angela was a fun scene , as well as John 's police car going over the cliff . That sequence was excellent , but of course the 5 minutes that preceded that of the police car getting shot up , was way over the top and beyond belief . I hope they were just making fun of bad action films , but I think they were actually just being one . There are a couple of other so unbelievable scenes that I was actually left feeling the director could care less about the intelligence level of his adult audience.So , I really can not recommend this movie , and thought it bad enough to write a review . If you are a fan of WWE and John Cena and want to see action no more believable as what you might see on Smackdown , you may very well like this movie . There is nothing wrong with that if that is your bag , and the 16 year old WWE fan I took seemed to like it . But if you expect to get more for your money , then I recommend passing on this one.I did want to add a few comments . First , I seem to have hit a nerve with some fans . Sorry . That is my honest review . Do n't smack-me-down because I really hated this movie that you may have liked . As I said , it may very well be likable by some people , as it was by the 16 year old I took to see it . Heck , I actually enjoyed Paris Hilton 's one hit wonder , but I 'm honest enough to know that many people think even less of her then I did of this movie . All the more power to them , as long at they are honest in their review . So give me a break on that please . I did also want to add one thing I liked about this movie , which is at least it was cheaper to take my fiance and her son to see it , then it was to pay for one pay per view smackdown .
 This is a typical action film with lots of fight scenes and gun fights but little logic . It 's amazing that hundreds of bullets can be fired at point blank range with no one getting hit and people getting hit in the face with fire extinguishers , pieces of wood and other objects without so much as a scratch . And then there are people surviving incredible explosions , again without getting so much as a hangnail . The directors attempt at moments of humor failed miserably . They were not only not funny but were very wierd to me.I enjoy watching John Cena in action , just as Arnold Schwarzenegger was fun to watch , but this movie just did n't impress me anymore than wrestling does . I think one star out of five was being too generous .
 This movie had bad acting and a thin plot . Could have been much better . Lots of action , lots of explosions but did n't seem like a good Blu-ray quality movie . It killed 2 hours but nothing i would recommend to a friend to watch .
 If the cover for this low-brow action piece was n't a hint , then you 're probably one of the producers target audience . One of the things I think hurts hollywood is its irrepressible desire to shove the American flag down our throats by making these `` patriotic '' movies . We have the American flag , Iraq , marines ... and wrestling !!! I guess if cow-tipping is a hobby you enjoy as much as practicing a suplex , then this movie is for you.As for a review , it stank . If you see it on the shelf of your local video store , leave it there.If you 're a hollywood producer , please stop making movies starring wrestling `` stars '' . If your name is Hulk Hogan , Steve Austin , John Cena -LRB- The Rock is OK -RRB- please stick to your day jobs .
 Pretty horrible . Like in WWE women cant wrestle.Expecially harcore wrestling.Sexxxy eddy was the best part of the whole dvd . There is no bonus matches wtf !? It says there are but there isnt its just the tournament . Do not buy ! I should have listened to the review but i didnt
 What little plot there is is an old one . Aliens send a rep. here to look us over . Only this one is only interested in our sex lives . Plenty of good looking babes . No acting tallent . The music bites .
 Flat lighting , cheap sets and costumes , dull dialog , wooden acting , and a goofy plot ; even pervasive silicone enhancement can not save this movie . Zero stars should be an option . For more inspired soft porn , check out the work of Andrew Blake -LRB- andrewblake.com -RRB- .
 A DVD of clear good photography and quite pleasant to watch but a little embarrasing in family company . Really only suitable for watching in private .
 For this kind of movie your not supposed to get bord and skip through most of it . But that 's what happened.Only 1 person could act . Most of the women where max 5s . The best part of the movie is the front cover .
 This is one of the worst plots , but no worse than many porn plots . The Femalien , who is obviouslyover-sexed , is sent to Earth to observe and participate in human experience -- almost all of it sexual . Contains frontal nudity .
 Should have 0-star as a choice . Horrible excuse for a sci-fi movie . I do n't see what the other reviewers seen in here . Poor DVD quality . Lucky for me , I do n't plan on watching it again .
 This movie -LRB- the unrated version -RRB- has received much praise , from what I have seen . It has been described as `` very sexy '' by more than one viewer . Well , there are heaps of nude people , for sure . However , the nudity , as it comes across to the viewer , is not sexy . It is rather boring , in fact . True , the women are pretty -LRB- with notable exceptions -RRB- and they have fine bodies -LRB- with notable exceptions -RRB- and thus they could , should the script/direction have provided the opportunity , have put on fine performances . Yet they do not . They seem ... well , bored . And they `` act '' as if they have never had sex before
 The R rated DVD of this movie is not worth the price . It 's cut to smithereens . Buy the unrated version , instead .
 See this move for Matt Schue . I think that is his name . If it is the long haired blonde dude . He is so hot .
 No plot , waste of time and money in this ` Disney Porn ' flick with ugly girls and stupid story line , Stay away !!!
 A soft adult movie . Good to watch once if you are in the mood for that type of movie.Save your money and get something else .
 Big disappointment . During the simulated unsexy sex scenes the sound track changes to some awful detached music that kills the mood . The main charactor is n't even that good looking . You want `` HOT STUFF '' ? Then check out -LRB- the unedited or Unrated versions of -RRB- Emmanuelle , Emmanuelle 2 , Dessert Hearts -LRB- the hottest lesbian scene ever made -RRB- , Butterflies Are Free , Tender Cousins -LRB- the french language version -RRB- , Carried Away , Lured Innocence . That 's the `` A '' list of erotica . Warning do n't view more than one of these at a time , they 'll melt your VCR .
 I thought this movie was going to have an incredible plot - All I wanted was to be able to go home and watch a really bad movie . This movie was different . It went beyond the limit of manass . It would have been better with Chuck Norris - 10 TIMES BETTER . `` Sun '' should have had more speaking parts where we could get to know her better . Next time , see Cyborg 2 with Angelina Jolie instead .
 Because this video in unrated and carries no warning in the information area I feel shoppers should be aware that this by all rights a soft core porn film with strong sexual content and little science fiction . I bought the VHS version from another source expecting the sort of movie `` Roger Corman Presents '' might sponsor , something along the lines of `` Species '' or Amanda & the Alien . While more in the vein of the latter the sci-fi part , -LCB- or any other technology for that matter -RCB- , is limited to a few teleportations via telekinesis and some aura/emotion melding . The movie is probably 60 % by time made of sexual contact . Technically the movie is suprisingly well made for the genera . It is shot on film -LCB- not video tape -RCB- . The scenery is professionally done and the acting level reaches that of daytime soap operas . The sound quality is not bad . So the technical qualities are there to be transfered to DVD , just beware of the content .
 I had the movie before , but when I saw that the collectors addition had the `` Flyboys Game '' I thought I would buy it off the market place . Good seller , but the DVD did not come with the game as advertised . It only came with a DEMO version of the game . They should have said that on the box . Thanks a bunch for false advertisement . Thought the other extras might make up for it , WRONG ! Do n't waste your time or money .
 I 'm an aviation buff and I 'll accept a mediocre screenplay and poor character development if the flying is worthwhile . Sorry to say that this film falls short on all fronts -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . The CGI flying scenes are very contrived , and are sadly inaccurate . The Fokker triplane was not introduced until 1917-not '16 as the plot suggests ; the Nieuport 17 had a Gnome rotary engine which revolved around it 's own crankshaft , but in closeups , the cylinders are stationary.Now the plot -- can there be any more cliches in one movie ? I can appreciate campy lines such as `` We ca n't send those green kids up in those flimsy crates '' when they 're delivered by Errol Flynn or Basil Rathbone -LRB- The Dawn Patrol -RRB- but here the dialogue is flat and the acting is only passable at best.I was hoping that this film would be better than the reviews suggested , but it was n't . Do n't waste your time with this one .
 I waited for this movie to come out and was disappointed with it . It is a fair story with many Hollywood history mistakes . Not all German planes were red , not all German planes were Fokker Triplanes -LRB- only around 300 made -RRB- they had a short run because of manufacturing problems , wings would come apart in a dive . The real airplanes of that time could not do half of the aerobatics that they show in the movie , they also would self destruct from G forces . They were mainly wood and fabric . They had 2 lions -LRB- whiskey & soda -RRB- not just one . There was a black pilot , but he came in late in the war and only had 1 and possibly 2 confirmed kills . I am now waiting for the new movie `` The Red Baron '' that was made in Germany and will be released on May 10th in Europe . It at least looks very accurate compared to the garbage that they put into The Flyboys . The movie is fair , but I would not go out of my way to purchase it if I new of all the historical mistakes in it . The producers even state they changed a lot of facts so that the average person would find it entertaining and not get confused at who was the bad guys . -LRB- Germans in red airplanes , `` Red Baron '' -RRB-
 I do enjoy historical war movies when they 're done right . This clich&eacute; - ridden story is pain to watch and I fell asleep several times during the second half . The movie is ridiculously predictable , although in a few scenes the writers still managed to surprise me - the private airlift flown by the main character in order to rescue French girlfriend with kids from advancing German troops , or taking out the villainous German ace pilot during the final dogfight with revolver -LRB- after machine gun jammed/broke -RRB- are few examples of the worst writing taste . To say something positive - most acting was n't too bad in my opinion -LRB- I 've seen much worse lately -RRB- , but could n't save the flawed project . I would n't object the lack of historical accuracy if the story was enjoyable - but it was not . I 'm giving one star in order to offset the multitude of 4-5 stars ratings ; otherwise I 'd give two stars . Do yourself a favor , ignore this movie and watch Blue Max again instead .
 okay im not an expert but i wont lie , this movie just wasnt that great . It could have been better but there still was enough action to keep me from falling asleep . I mean come on , James Franco 's character chases after some french woman who doesnt even know english . What im trying to say is that it wasnt a good idea to put a love story in a war movie . There was only 3 good five minute action scenes that werent really that violent . When i saw the commercial to this movie i said oh boy another war movie to see , but when i finally saw it it absolutely lacked the violence from Saving Private Ryan and Enemy At The Gates . I was Pissed that I wasted my time watching some dumb , so called `` War Movie '' that didnt even have enough violence to fullfill me or my dad . After the movie my dad just said Kyle , thats the dumbest peice of crap of a `` War '' movie i ever saw . So im just telling you this would be a good starters movie for children because the worst of the violence is only one scene when James Franco shoots the Nazi sumbich in the head . And get this , at that specific part theres not even that much blood ! So i hope now that if you war movie fans saw this and rated this against Saving Private it would get a 1 out of 10 . Thanks for readind see ya .
 When I heard Larry Ellison the world 's second richest man was involved , I had to go see this movie . Expecting great things . ORACLE sized greatness . Instead do n't be fooled by the 4,5 star ratings people give this movie . What a load of rubbish ! I expected an action movie - great fights - true war . Not a romance set in a very serious war . The lead actor is terrible . Sorry they cast too young an actor . It was n't interesting . The only interesting actor was the guy with the lion . The rest I ca n't even remember . All I will remember from this movie was the zepplin exploding and the funeral where they mention that the guy with the lion was an atheist and that he did n't care much about religion anyway . So that is it - a true waste of money . And these second rate actors and kiddie script writers are getting rich from hype .
 `` Flyboys '' is amazing . It manages to be a dull movie about a fascinating subject , the Lafayette Escadrille , a dull love story , and a dull movie about Great War dog fighting , which this reviewer did not believe possible.Although the film is trying and makes an effort at historical detail and dramatic content it falls flat . The viewer does n't get chance to know any of the characters ably played by some new faces as well as the venerable Jean Reno . -LRB- Reno must have a bell that rings in his agent 's office every time an American script calls for a French character . -RRB- But no amount of acting can pull this lack luster script from the trenches of tedium.The missing piece in `` Flyboys , '' other than the absence of Von Richthofen , is the near complete lack of any actual aerial photography . `` Top Gun '' is a mediocre film at best but has phenomenal aerial photography which is exciting and engaging . In `` Flyboys '' we have only CGI which is sterile . The performers do n't have close ups of their faces against sub-zero wind -LRB- for which they are woefully underdressed -RRB- which detracts from the danger and excitement of a film about Great War pilots . It is obvious they are against a green screen in Vancouver . If `` Flyboys '' had gone the extra mile and had at least one dog fight done for `` real '' it would have saved the film . Granted , there are n't may flying bi and tri planes in the world but if massive trebuchets can be built for `` Kingdom of Heaven , '' and Fort William Henry can be rebuilt for `` Last of the Mohicans , '' and fiberglass tanks can be built for `` A Bridge Too Far , '' and a working Tiger can be found for `` Saving Pvt. Ryan , '' then I 'm sure the producers of this film could have found a way to bring some excitement to `` Flyboys . `` However `` Flyboys '' will be a boon to sleep researchers who now have a new way to put test subjects to sleep without the side effects of narcotics or entertainment value
 What is it where a director has so little confidence in his own work , that he has to fill in whatever blanks he perceives with incessant music ?? I mean , it is non-stop music throughout almost all the movie . When you find yourself fastforwarding to get to the meat of the story , you know you have a loser .
 I have just had an interesting time perusing the 101 previous reviews . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but it seems to me there 's a wide range of opinion out there . How often do we find headlines running from one-starred `` Save your money '' to three-starred `` Good enough '' to five-starred `` Best movie of 2006 - also best kept secret '' ? And all three comments in consecutive reviews on a single Amazon `` page '' ? -LSB- For the enlightenment of any cynics out there , I read the reviews and the attached comments as well as the headlines . -RSB- The main objection to `` Flyboys '' seemed to arise from the innumerable errors found on the screen . They ranged from the airplanes that did not exist at the time of the film , to the super-abundance of Red Barons infesting the skies above France , to the breathtaking indifference to the laws of physics , to the positively giddy misapprehensions about what actually took place in the First World War -LRB- aka The Great War aka The War to End All Wars ... ahem . -RRB- Now you may think that these historical boners , these intellectual clunkers are characteristic of video game-addled , Star Wars-bedazzled , comic book-educated lunkheads and lamebrains rather than of responsible adults given control over the millions and millions of dollars required to make a motion picture -- but I say to err is human and to provide reason for selling all that overpriced popcorn is near-divine -LRB- at least for the theater owners . -RRB- A smaller group of naysayers held forth that the plot of the movie made no sense and that the people on the screen masquerading as actors displayed no slightest hint of talent . I heartily dispute the latter . The always excellent Jean Reno , who portrayed the French commandant of the flyboy squadron , was right up there on the screen to show what a competent actor looks like . For several minutes , at least.Enough negativity . Most reviewers clearly loved this picture . Many of them took up such stirring war cries as , `` Never listen to the CRITICS ! This is one of the BEST !!!! '' , `` Never mind the critics '' and `` The critics do n't get it , '' -- not to mention the immortal , `` Do n't listen to the ` experts . ' '' And the reasons they gave to turn off your mind and just drool in your seat were ... uh , and ... . Oh , yes , here 's one , and by far the best of the bunch
 I 'm a big WW1 buff and really looked forward to this movie.Purported to be the real tale of the Lafeyette Escardrille , Americans who flew for France before 1917 , it is only a disservice to those men . To look at it is very pretty and if you can overlook some flawed images , like all the Fokker triplanes being pained red , it looks good.Unfortuneatly this is where the good points end . Even without getting into the historical flaws the film rapidly become predictable , painfully so . You know who will die and can almost predict when and how an hour a head of time . A pointless love story with a french peasant is supposed to add an emotional touch but anyone familiar with a good war film knows this is n't needed . A crash in no man 's land results in the feared German Army comming off more like the gang that could n't shoot straight than the ravening Huns.The French officer is well done , but the actor can hardly turn in a bad performance even when playing opposite a CGI fire breathing lizard . The film even misses it 's chance at the `` Eat drink and be merry , for tomorrow we die '' out look that developed among the real pilots on both sides as they realized the mortality rate would probably claim them long before the war ended . This was something touched on far better by the David Niven , Errol Flynn film `` Dawn Patrol . `` Ultimately what I hated about this was not the historically flawed plot , I love Errol Flynn 's films , but the unforgivably predictable altitude this falls to , all to fast.Get a parachute and save yourself .
 The computer generated flying scenes are so unreal that us real pilots ca n't watch this thing ... You can not fly next to each other and yell back and forth between aircraft ... They had hand signals for that ... the story line is far from historical ... I guess is Ok as a highschool date movie ...
 This absolutely idiotic excuse for a movie actually got enjoyable after a while , simply because my viewing companions and I began a game of `` Guess Which Cliche Is Going To Be Used Next '' . By the time The Black Baron -LRB- whatever ... -RRB- got himself shot , a la `` Raiders of the Lost Ark '' , the group was overcome by hysterical - albeit quite rude - comments and laughter.Haven ' t had that much fun since that stupid movie about the F16 pilot shot down over Bosnia.To think that such bravery , such envelope-pushing , such absolute horror has devolved into a depiction such as this.Jeez-Oh-Man , what ' r they gon na do to the Battle of Britain ?!?!?!?
 Fair representation of what could have been a great '' dog fight '' movie.The movie should have been edited down to less than 2 hours withoutalot of the frivolities that occur on the ground . You could still buildenough out of the characters to make them interesting without the prolonged love story . The action in the air is decent .
 I 'm glad I did n't go out and buy this movie . Thankfully , I just rented it . It starts out moving very slow , which some movies do . However , this movie never `` gets going '' . The plot does not flow well , the actors lines do n't always fit in to the scene , the background music does nothing for the movie , & there is a love side story thrown in for good measure . The computer animation of the air battles is the only good thing about this movie . My wife & I both watched it together . We both did not enjoy it . While watching the movie I actually thought about just ending the movie early . My advice , rent it before you buy it!If you want to see good WWI movies , then watch
 I asked the clerk at the video store how they determine the number of videos to buy for rentals . She told me it is based on the box office record of the film . She had 2 Flyboys . One would have been plenty.The story was sappy . The acting just so so . The aerial sequences were much like a video game . Try `` Flight Simulator '' . WWI biplanes hanging on their props ??? Climbing 90 degrees ?? Landing a biplane in shell cratered `` no man 's land '' in the heat of battle to save a buddy who has his hand -LRB- not his arm , his legs , his torso , but just his hand -RRB- trapped under the wing of his crashed plane ?? That 's realism ?? There was n't much believable about this film . A third of the way through the movie I fast forwarded through all scenes except the dogfights . I was hoping for something on the order of `` The Blue Max '' . `` Flyboys '' stalled on climb out , went into a flat spin , and augured deep into the depths of movie flops !
 What A Stinkbomb ! A cross between a video game & high school play , what were they thinking ? One blaring fault is that No One Smoked ! How can you make a film about WWI & not admit they smoked ? This bunch did & it really bothers me as it 's playing the past - this is a trend I 'm seeing in American productions about history - what else are they changing that young audiences wo n't pick up on ?
 If you think Armageddon and Pearl Harbor are good cinema , you 'll love Flyboys.According to this film , flying in WWI was nothing more than a long vacation in rural France , where you got to live in a chateau , drink brandy for breakfast , and sleep with buxom brunettes . -LRB- Oh , but you did n't get to smoke . Apparently no one was allowed cigarettes in France during the first world war . -RRB- Your uniform was always clean and pressed , and all you had to do to earn your wings was sit around in a hangar and spout off sophomoric one-liners . Here , let me save you a few bucks
 Here is another example of Hollywood going wrong . The history that is implicated in the events portrayed in this movie is not all that tough to get right . Nevertheless , the film makers got a few details correct , but then added improbable special effects , far too many triplanes , annoying social lesson stereotypes , and a host of ridiculous story twists and time wasting baggage . Conceptually , the movie should have been a winner . In execution , it is a disappointment . They ruined a potentially good story . Instead of buying this movie , I would suggest the Blue Max as the aerial scenes are far better , or just propose that the would-be viewer read a history book.As a parting comment , however , I always have liked Jean Reno . He is the good part of this film .
 `` The first WWI aviation film in 40 years '' , so director Tony Bill reported gloats in a recent interview . Actually , `` 30 '' would present a more accurate figure , considering the 1976 release of the JAck Gold 's `` Aces High '' , but no bother . I need n't fret about Bill 's lack of affinity for cinematic history ; his readily apparent ineptitude in both the historical and technical departments is bad enough.Talk about ineptitude -LRB- among other things -RRB- , this supposed homage to an actual WWI squadron perpetuates just about every conceivable clich&eacute; imaginable , furthermore effectively stealing elements from nearly every aviation flick ever devised , including Blue Max , the Dawn Patrol , Dark Blue World , the Tuskegee Airmen , and even that age-old silent flick from 1927 , WINGS . Furtherome , the battle scenes themselves reflect the most cheesy elements of propaganda war flicks , culminating in the endless ranks of snarling villains , the cheering crowds on the ground below as our heroes intercept the strafing Huns to save the day , and even a veritable race against the proverbial clock to destroy a German airship before it supposedly `` obliterates '' the entirety of Paris.And as of the various manners in which this film blatantly exhibits its readily apparent lack of prowess for historical and technical accuracies , let me count the ways.For starters , let 's consider the countless manners in which the on-screen aircraft repeatedly defy the laws physics . Admittedly , some reviewers have pointed out Tony Bill 's part-time profession as an aerobatic pilot , which in essence appears to compromised his interpretations of World War I combat , as he seems to have derived his perception of first world war fighters from having logged too many hours in Pitts Special as opposed to having derived genuine insight into the performance capabilities and limitations of such elaborate contusions of fabric and wood . For one thing , the aircraft exhibit speeds twice in excess that of the actual performance capabilities of World War I aircraft , culminating in a host of physical implausibilities as overly efficient climbing characteristics as if instigated in the absence of a stall barrier , low-level maneuvers that would have invariably either stalled the aircraft or resulted in considerable wing shear , not to mention that these biplanes and Triplanes exhibit phenomenal roll-rates which no multi-winged aircraft on the planet could possibly emulate . Evidently , Tony Bill exhibits an accurate conception of three dimensional space , but not of the actual performance characteristics of First World War-era fighters.Furthermore , the movie 's glaring affinity for historical inaccuracy reflects the presence of numerous aircraft that never existed during the Escardrille 's 1916 escapades , including the SE .5 , Handley Page 400 , Gotha IV , and of course the Fokker Dr. 1 Triplane , which brings me to another issue that drives me out of my mind , culminating in one of the most trivial misinterpretations about World War I aviation . Bottom line , the above depiction stems from a trivial and widespread popular misconception that by default associates World War One German aircraft with countless formations of red-coated Triplanes , as if the Germans had somehow managed to perpetuate endless clones of Von Richtofen , to say nothing about the fact that the Fokker Dr. 1 was ultimately produced in insignificant numbers , culminating in an actual production run of only 160 examples.In fact , the Lafayette Escabdrille fought the majority of its pitched-battles against outmoded Fokker E.III Eindeckers and two-seat Albatross and Aviatik observation scouts , the superior equipment of the Amercans frequently offset by their readily apparent lack of experience.And another thing , the average life expectancy of a World War I pilot is actually confined to the space of a single week , unlike the film 's more optimistic projection of 3 to 6 . Furthermore , somebody should remind the screenwriters never to emphasizes the virtues of German aircraft by citing the presence of all powerful engines , as the rates of horsepower which the Germans managed to conceive lagged considerably behind that of their allied counterparts.Furthermore , pilots were indeed NOT permitted to instill their own personal insignias , considering that , unlike World War II , rarely were aircrew assigned individual aircraft , often dispersing their ranks among the types available in a manner that typically resulted sharing planes out amongst each other . Furthermore , as blatantly misrepresnted by the closing scene , there is simply no such thing as rejoining one 's formation in the event of finalizing an aerial skirmish , as aircraft frequently fought pitched battles at length , scattering miles away from each other , thus relaying each pilot with the burden of utilizing landmarks and navigations skills as the sole means for finding their way home on an individual basis.Reverting to the film 's one and only redeeming feature , the various aspects in which the Flyboys attempts to model battle damage in conjunction with the various behaviors of shedding wings and burning engines bear a more accurate depiction than the remainder of the film . However , given the all too elaborate staging of such sequences through an over use of Green Screen techninques in conjunction with an overabundance of CGI effectively renders the overall appearance as reminiscent of , as one reviewer stated `` playing a really cool video game '' as opposed to providing a genuine `` in the cockpit '' sensation for the expreiences of piloting such frail machinations.Most offensive , however , is the gratuitous manner in which the movie concocts the entire spectacle within a fanciful dressing of glamour , all the while pedaling it 's pretensions for historical and physical accuracy.In all fairness , perhaps I should lend Tony Bill an additional bone by citing the best moment of the entire movie , in which the guts of that blabbering Christian fanatic splatters the entirety of his instrument panel -LRB- the only moment in the entire film in which I cheered -RRB- . Ultimately , the inclusion of a photograph of the actual members of the Lafayette Escadrille seems like a cruel joke , as if the preceding spectacle of cartoonish escapism somehow culminates in an authentic tribute to the squadron in question.Considering the shear sparsity of world war one related aviation flicks , it does n't take a genius to brand this endeavor as by far the worst ever conceived.For more informative and productive viewing , I can recommend virtually every other aviation flick on the market , from the veritable classics like `` Blue Max '' and `` Aces High '' , to some of the more lukewarm efforts of `` Ace of Aces '' and `` Von Richtofen and Brown '' .
 This movie is so boring . I was looking forward to it . But they bash America and the flying scenes look fake.Long boring love story that ends with both characters not finding each other.Rent or buy `` The Blue Max '' it 's much better .
 Oh my god , this movie was terrible ... This was the worst movie I saw last year and , to be honest , is the worst movie I can recall having seen in recent memory period . I do n't know who green-lights these terrible movies , especially considering that this movie was NOT cheap , but if I continuously made blunders like this at work , i guarantee i 'd be living in a trash dumpster . Although based on actual events -LRB- in that this unit did , in fact exist , but any similarities end there -RRB- and a mediocre book , the story , as it is presented in the movie , is awful - the fight scenes are ludicrous , laughable , and utterly unrealistic - and the acting is ... i 'm getting sick just thinking about it . How ? How do these terrible actors get jobs ?!? All things considered , however , the final responsibility falls on the director and , were I his boss , I 'd have him beaten and dumped in a river somewhere . It 's hard to express just how bad this movie is and I would actually recommend it soley based on the fact that it will give you and your friends something to criticize at length . Oh , this movie ... my cat has left better things in the cat box .
 Aircraft physics -LSB- cgi -RSB- are horrible . Planes do n't fly that way . And the German guy is of course dressed in black and he 's really bad . The hero becomes obsessed with getting even , and of course does . Most video games are superior to this sillyness . Total waste ...
 Every possible cliche is here . The sound track smashes you in the head all the time . GCI battles cuks the life out of the movie . I 'd prefer to watch again 1966 's `` The Blue Max '' thatn `` Flyboys '' . However , what makes this fil going and even somewhat tender to watch are the performances . There 's some eracl acting here by James Franco and Jean Reno and the supoorting cast , even if they all clearly know this is an extremely commercial and cliched movie .
 Nice actions , but if you looking for a more authentic WWI aerial combat drama try `` Der Rote Baron '' instead .
 This film claims that it is based on historical fact , the only historical fact that it can claim is that world war 1 did indeed take place , and that there was a Lafayette escadrille . Hollywood does not understand guys , real warriors . Instead it takes a bite out of the moody warrior , the liar , preacher ect , but fails to show the spirit , the fear , and reality of young men going into battle . The poor attempts to show young pilots preparing to go to war , shows very little of flying , The gunge ho spirit these young men had , just a blase attempt to get 20 minutes of film shot , although there are several amusing spots , your left feeling lost , after 20 minutes you are waiting for something , anything to happen . Add to this poorly written love story that takes up a third of the movie . If you are able to watch the entire film you are left with the image that the pilots of ww1 flew perhaps once a week , spent the rest of the time feeling sorry for themselves , chasing after a long lost Love , our , drinking themselves to death . Poor script , poor computer graphics , horrible attention to historical fact make one wish that it had crashed and burned on the editors table .
 I had been very much looking forward to seeing this movie as I am avidly interested in WWI aircraft . It is too bad they used so many CGI graphics in the making of the movie and too bad the technical director did n't know much , if anything , about how airplanes fly . They had aircraft doing things that are impossible to do in real life . It was very obvious throughout the movie also . To make matters worse , the special effects showed curly smoke trails following each bullet as they were fired . The bullet impacts in the fabric covering of the airplanes did n't make round holes with the edges curved inwards , but rather made triangular and squarish shaped holes that blew through from the inside out.This movie ends up being very much like watching a video game instead of transporting the viewer into the timeframe of the era . A movie that is believable is an enjoyable movie to watch and therefore becomes real entertainment . Flyboys was neither and was a waste of time and money .
 I went into this movie with very few expectations . I was looking to showcase a new Blu-ray player on my 60 '' Sony XBR , and as I am a big fan of most military movies , I thought I 'd give it a shot.Boy , I really wish I had spent my money elsewhere . The acting was incredibly poor across the board - I 'm usually a fan of Jean Reno , but lets face it - he has his genre -LRB- Ronin as an example -RRB- , and this is most definitely not it . The script seemed almost amateur at times , and throughout the whole film I found myself wishing I could find a way to attach myself to atleast one of the characters so as to better enjoy it ... alas , no such luck . There seemed to be very little character development , and what little there was , felt rushed . The romance was poorly executed , and as beautiful as Lucienne -LRB- Jennifer Decker -RRB- is , I 'm afraid it could n't save me from wishing that I were somewhere else throughout the whole film.The film 's one saving grace was on the technical side . The transfer was very good to excellent , with crisp , bright colors , and deep blacks throughout , and the audio - while not great by any respect , certainly wasnt terrible either . Unfortunately , most of the CGI was right about what you 'd expect from a B-grade movie , and it was readily aparent in some scenes that the planes were ... well , not actually planes.In short , unless you are a die-hard aviation buff , and are willing to overlook the film 's many faults , I would suggest passing on this one - it might make for a decent rental but little more .
 Obviously by all the 5 star reviews who think the dogfight seens are great have never seen the Blue Max . This is what WWI airplanes flew like , not the cartoon in Flyboys . The only disapointment in the Blue Max is George Peppard is not german . Do n't buy flyboys , watch it on cable .
 Having been excited at the prospect of a gripping , historically accurate , realistic WWI film about the `` Lafayette Escadrille , '' Flyboys is a big letdown . Devoid of historical substance , second-rate acting , predictable storyline - it should n't come as a big surprise that this movie was a flop at the theaters.Briefly , the CGI dogfights border on the ridiculous
 The plot of the movie ruins any thing they try to over come with the computer animation , and even that is n't as good as I expected .
 I 've seen some wonderful aviation films in my time . FLYBOYS is n't one of them . Allegedly the story of the Lafayette Escadrille , it 's awful for a whole raft of reasons . The MPAA Rating Board should create an `` L '' rating for movies as bad as this turkey.After 250 + reviews , there 's not much to say about FLYBOYS that has n't been brought up . Having said that , I spent money on the dumb thing so I guess I have a right to speak . Actually I want to second all the critical brickbats that have been directed at this film . The complaints about the poor script , one-dimensional characters , uneven pacing , flat acting , unbelievable CGI effects , almost total lack of historical accuracy , etc. are all justified . The producers , director and screenwriters really hit the mark with this one!If you 're interested in WWI aviation movies , look for THE BLUE MAX , DAWN PATROL , WINGS , HELL 'S ANGELS or even VON RICHTHOFEN AND BROWN . They 're not all five-star efforts but they 're all far better than FLYBOYS . Not recommended .
 How can I sum up this movie
 Well , let 's not mince words here , but I thought it was a horrible movie . Being an Air Force veteran , I like movies with planes , old and new , but I have to tell you this was n't one of them . Acting was poor for the most part , historical aspects , well they get a grade of F - , including the planes , and supposed time period . All wrong . I usually like to watch a movie , and enjoy it , without analyzing it , but this one was different , and I could not help myself . I kept hoping it might get better , but no luck . So , Nothing ventured , Nothing gained , and I would not recommend this film to anyone ! Period ! Adios !
 For starters , the plot of Flyboys is predictable from start to finish . Hot-shot American pilot joins French Escadrille , defies French veterans , romances local girl , becomes hero . Although the plot is completely unoriginal , the movie loses all credibility as soon as the action starts.There are plenty of reviews that tell how flawed this movie is from a historical perspective , so I wo n't get into that.The special effects that some reviewers called `` spectacular '' were cheap , tacky , unrealistic , and downright laughable . The most glaring example is during dogfights when the aircraft guns are fired . The smoke from the guns was shown traveling ahead of the aircraft , all the way to the enemy aircraft in fact . Smoke coming out of an aircraft flying at any speed would dissipate immediately to the rear . Even if there were tracer rounds back then -LRB- which there were n't -RRB- , they would n't emit thick black smoke.Some storyline points were simply ridiculous.When one of the pilots crash lands , the hero lands his plane in crossfire of a trench battle on rocky , cratered ground littered with jagged pieces of metal to save him . This is ridiculous by itself . Then when he finds his buddy 's hand trapped under the plane , he amputates it with one swing of a lightweight field shovel instead of simply lifting the plane off his hand -LRB- which he easily could have done with a cloth-covered aircraft -RRB- . The hero repeatedly borrows his plane from the squadron to visit the local girl , without even a reprimand from the squadron commander . In one scene , German soldiers occupy the house with the woman and the children inside . At least one soldier is standing guard outside . The hero lands his plane a couple of hundred yards away , walks to the house , and rescues them , undetected by the Germans . Then when he starts his engine to leave , every head turns , alert to the engine sound . But of course they 're too late to catch him.In one scene , just after the squadron lands from a dogfight , the hero decides to take off again by himself . Seconds later he is seen singlehandedly shooting up a line of German fighter planes , neatly parked in a row at an undefended airfield.I 'm a small plane pilot , so I could go on about cloth-covered planes with 80-horsepower engines doing vertical climbs and jet-fighter maneuvers . But sadly , the realism was much worse in other ways.This movie was so badly done , I started fast forwarding half way through .
 This is a movie I 'm glad I did n't see in the theater . For one reason , the money . The other , the special effects would n't have looked any better on the big screen -LRB- and that is a pretty harsh thing to say -RRB- . Flyboys ... I do n't even know how to adequately describe this movie . What was the director going for because I ca n't see any discernible direction to the film . It is n't historically accurate at all , it is n't much fun to watch , there is little to no story and the scripting is awful , no tension or resolution , nothing that makes you care one way or another who lives or dies , and for being set during one of the bloodiest wars in history it is strikingly devoid of actually feeling like a war is even in progress save for the Germans who arrive right when they are supposed to and are out of the picture for the rest of the time.This is one of those movies that I did n't even make it through in the first sitting . I give it a bonus star because it is a WWI airwar movie in modern times , so kinda stands out for that .
 Looking through the past reviews of this film / DVD I am forced to wonder what film some other reviewers were watching . I can not imagine anybody above the age of 20 finding this film either entertaining or convincing . I find it impossible to recommend anything about `` Flyboys '' , except perhaps a couple of good performances to lighten up the absolute failure of its execution.Like the majority of people who chose to watch this film , I approached it because a -RRB- It was a war film and b -RRB- it was a film about air combat.However , neither of these parameters was satisfied , even minimally.Regarding its depiction of war , well you can forget it . Besides some truly strange `` history '' involving mythical German advances , none of the actual nods to WWI make any impact whatsoever . I was NEVER once convinced that the film makers had a clue about the period in which their story was set . There is no real sense of worry or despair throughout the film that accompanied the WWI pilots of real life . The Pretty boys of the Lafayette Escadrille do n't share the same sense of `` not coming back '' as the RFC -LRB- Royal Flying Corps -RRB- pilots of `` Aces High '' or the Jasta pilots of `` The Blue Max '' . I know the pilots of the Lafayette Escadrille were volunteers , but there is no doubt or cynicism regarding the war or a sense of nervousness or apprehension . In fact all the pilots seem somewhat happy to be there . They obviously were n't aware of the average lifespan of a WWI pilot or the fact that none of the major combatants allowed their pilots to use parachutes until the Germans introduced the practice in 1917 . Being issued a pistol to shoot yourself in the head instead of being burned alive should have caused some raised eyebrows.The aerial sequences , which should have been the star of this film , are in a word ` terrible ' . There are more convincing effects , physics and graphics in most computer games these days than there are in `` Flyboys '' . It 's really a shame that the producers did n't get some physicians on board to point out that WWI aircraft were subject to real life limitations ... and of course , every German aircraft was a Fokker DR1 triplane ... and painted red . `` Flyboys '' also includes some of the usual clich&eacute;s of modern Hollywood war movies . There is the obligatory love interest and the obligatory black sacrifice , this time in the shape of Jennifer Decker and Abdul Salis.As the unlikely love of James Franco 's lead character , Decker is just irritating . Their scenes are obviously there as a clumsy filler in between the flying scenes and they are a complete waste of time.Salis 's character , presumably based on real life pilot Eugene Bullard -LRB- the only black pilot of WWI -RRB- , is also extremely annoying . The idea of introducing a black pilot into the film should have been a good one -LRB- even if a little forced -RRB- , but in `` Flyboys '' one gets the feeling that he is reduced to the level filling the ranks of the `` good guys '' simply as a PC device . I do n't think there 's anything mentioned regarding the difficulty Bullard faced in real life , or that he was barred from entry to a US squadron on racial grounds . It 's very misleading and it 's hard not to be cynical about it . A movie about Eugene Bullard proper would have been a great idea , but I doubt that will ever happen.The bottom line about `` Flyboys '' comes down to this , if you want to watch a colour film about flying in WWI , then watch `` The Blue Max '' , `` Aces High '' or Roger Corman 's `` Von Richthofen and Brown '' . Even with the errors those films incorporate , they are still far , far ahead of the fiasco that is `` Flyboys '' .
 This is the type of movie that I WISH I could rate 5 stars and give a wonderful recomendation but am unable to because of the amount of negative content in this film . The charicters and story touch your heart and you grow to love them as you see this film , however I have not purchased this film and CAN NOT recomend it because there is alot of negative content 1 . Profanity is pretty rampent in this film . 2 . Salaciousness is in there a bit when the main charicter gets hurt in a plane injury he wakes up in a prositution house - Luciane -LRB- The girl of the film -RRB- asks him to take off his pants , and at first he doesnt even seem to understand that its because hes hurt and she is trying to take care of him . 3 . there is also a bit of violence in this film which I would have been able to overlook -LRB- As it is a war film -RRB- if not for the other negativity . 4 . the last of my complaints are two scenes one where the pressure the so called Christian of the film to drink alcohol and he gives in and the second scene is when Cassidy dies and the general guy reads a letter he wrote ` in case of death ' where he had said that he would want to be barried behind a ` whore house ' if not for the Christian guys offendedness at this ... so I think my review pretty much explains why I could never recomend this movie , I would like to see more movies with the touchingness of this one come out with out so much aweful content .
 Complete Dreck . the first five minutes were pretty good but it went downhill rapidly after that . It has no redeeming social values
 This is a very bad movie . Bad music , bad acting , bad special effects . A slow and predictable plot line . Glad we borrowed it and did n't buy this one !
 i watched this movie and thought it was hilarious i didnt go five minutes without laughing . I loved all the random animals that kept popping up , and i especially loved the way the french chick instantly started talking like a mongoloid while she was learning english . At the end i could n't take away one good thing from this movie . It is just terrible
 This movie was so awful , I felt compelled to warn others NOT to rent it & certainly not to buy it . Sorry , but this was a stinker . The battle sequences were OK , but they were n't enough to overcome the shallow & predictable `` plot '' -- there were these incredibly long , boring stretches where the cardboard characters kind of looked at each other and muttered horribly cliche , stale dialogue . It did n't try to be realistic ; I found myself going `` Oh yeah , right '' countless times . This really is a waste of time & money . save yourself !!! Or dont say that I didnt tell you .
 For a fan of the old wood and fabric fighters of WWI , this film causes nothing but heartburn . The CGI effects are painfully bad , so obviously fake that it hurts to watch . And the scenes where they use actual airplanes , or recreations , are just as bad . What really bugged me was the fighters with fixed radial engines , rather than the rotaries they should have had . Forget about this film , and just read `` Winged Victory '' for the story by somebody who lived it . If you want to see the real airplanes fly , go to Rhinebeck , NY .
 As someone with a great interest in WWI , I had high hopes for `` Flyboys '' but found it to be a rather excruciating experience watching one-dimensional cardboard cutouts religiously follow every single last cliche ' in the Hollywood playbook . A movie about a group of Americans who violated their nation 's neutrality laws to fight for a foreign power in a senseless , fratricidal war , I was going to give it 2 stars for the impressive dogfighting scenes , thinking at least some of it was performed by actual pilot reenactors , until I found out that it was all CGI-generated and technologically anachronistic to boot . In any case , all the action in the world could n't save a movie with such a predictable story and such generically boring characters.A professor once told me that a quick test of the quality of a novel or movie 's characterization is whether you remember the characters ' names . This movie was so mind-numbing , I was lucky to remember my own name by the end , never mind the protagonist 's ! I do n't know if these were bad actors or they just had bad material to work with , but my family and I certainly did n't remember anyone 's names , and were forced to refer to the characters by their physical attributes . Unfortunately , only a few of them - Blackie , Fatty and Spiderman-guy - had any kind of unique features , while the rest seemed as undistinguishable as snowflakes . We were glad when one of them got his hand cut off , because he then gained an identity as `` Hookhand '' , and we were hoping the others would similarly discover their individuality - i.e. Burnedface , Lack-nose , One-eye - but we were disappointed.As terrible as the characters were - and I ca n't describe to you the interminable horror of watching a monolingual American try to woo a retarded French girl - the plot was even more disgraceful . If you 've ever seen any sports movie , you 've seen this one
 Considering the richness of the subject matter and the real life stories of those who lived it this was a truly bad movie . The makers tried to tell everything and as a result told nothing . The characters were unbelieveably superficial and too many of the flying scenes were historically inaccurate and unreal . If a few special effects are good too many are not necessarly better . The Blue Max and Battle of Britain are far far superior . For those who are willing to put up with a mess just to look at recreations of old airplanes its probably worth buying but be prepared for alot of dissapointment if you are looking for a good movie .
 This stinker comes close to equalling that gigantic bomb from 2001 `` Pearl Harbour '' starring Ben Affleck . The acting is wooden and forgettable , the action sequences are humorous at best , and the direction is ... well , let 's just say , director Tony Bill has apparently picked up his directing chops while starring in `` Barb Wire '' . The directing style seems to be ... throw in as much loud music as possible , add a heaping helping of a lame love story , toss on some of the worst , most embarrassing lines imaginable , and let 's not forget those all important CGI effects and what you end up with is the worst/funniest depiction of WW1 flying action since the Three stooges.If you want to watch REAL WW1 flying action with REAL WW1 biplanes , check out `` The Blue Max '' . That movie used real WW1 vintage aircraft , that actually have weight to them and do NOT perform impossible flying stunts that the Blue Angels do not even attempt using FA-18 jets.Pacing is terribly frantic , music is insufferable , character development and construction of any dramatic impact is non-existent . Pass this one by , unless you 're willing to spend 2 hours viewing an all too typical expensive , wasteful , useless , hollywood blockbuster bomb .
 I ordered Flyboys because I had seen stills of the replica Neuports and they looked fantastic ! As a lover of The Blue Max I hoped that Flyboys would exceed it largley because of advances in film effects . Was I wrong or what ! A dismal screenplay peppered with gung ho naf lines paying scant attention to history . The best -LRB- worst -RRB- part of the film was the romance and our hero stealing a plane to rescue the heroine and her two young charges , for which the hero recieves a medal !! Yea right ! But the one scene worth of `` the skunk of the year award '' was the hero landing his plane in a shell pocked no mans land to rescue his comrade traped under his aircraft , how did he do that ? Will we ever find out?Well for me The Blue Max towers above this movie despite being over 40 years its senior . Flyboys is a dog worse than Pearl Harbour yes we have the technology but that can not make up for a very poor and purile script and wooden acting .
 I usually do not review films , but in this case I feel it neccessary . I have been a World War I aviation buff for many years . When I first heard that someone was making a film about this subject I knew that I had to see it . My disappointment when I finally saw the film can hardly be imagined . It 's not just that they drag in every movie cliche thats ever been used in this type of story ; there is literally not a single authentic detail or presentation of such detail in this film . The airplanes are wrong , the airplane paint jobs , markings . armaments are wrong . The clothes and uniforms are wrong , even the airfield that these guys are flying out of is wrong . It appears that the film makers , instead of researching information on life as a volunteer in the french air service of that period , opted for looking at old hollywood movies on this subject . Watch this film for whatever entertainment value it may have , but not to get an idea of what World War I aerial combat was like .
 With due respect to Monty 's review , as a big WWI history enthusiast myself , this movie is absolute garbage . Which is a shame , because all of the elements were there to make the best WWI aviation movie in history , and instead , they made this crud . Who was the historical advisor on this one ? Paris Hilton maybe ? No , wait , she could 've done better.Where to start ? Fokker triplanes at the end of 1916 ? Nope , that was later . Five thousand Fokker triplanes , all painted brilliant red , with crosses all over them , even on the upper surfaces of the lower wings ? Nope . A zeppelin raid in broad daylight with a triplane escort ? Nope . Close up views of the smallish looking Neuports that show the brakes on the backs of the wheels ? That 's plain stupid . Brits , Frenchies , and Americans all operating off the same airfield and sharing airplanes no less ? Nope . Enough time between missions for pilots to apparently take week long vacations through the countryside ? Nope and stupid . A German aerodrome occupied apparently only by one pilot and one little guy to salute him ? Wierd and dopey . One lion , not two ? What happened to `` Soda '' ? That 's the short list , there 's much , much more . This movie 's about as historically accurate as Pearl Harbor was a few years back , where Ben Afflack single-handedly won WWII . They even have a wonderful CG 'd version of the Aquitania bringing the Americans over to France , but dash it all , the Aquitania was serving as a hospital/troop ship at that time.Add to all this a very poor and pointless love story with an illiterate French woman . What was the point of that ? Again , all the ingredients were here to make an outstanding movie , and these guys made something so mind-numbingly poor that any military history buff is going to be disgusted with the missed opportunity . It 's got some great visual effects , but so did Independence Day , and in the end , Independence Day was more believable than Flyboys.This movie is just painfully stupid . Will there never be a movie capable of matching THE BLUE MAX as the best WWI flying movie ever made ? Save your money , buy THE BLUE MAX , and enjoy a realistic story with REAL airplanes doing REAL flying , and not a bunch of computer generated Fokkers moving like they 're F-16s .
 This is one of those films where more emphasis was placed on the aerial dogfight sequences -- little or no thought went into the plot or acting.What a lame excuse for a movie . My biggest complaint of this movie is that it 's so cliche you could cut it with a knife . The role of Texan Blaine Rawlings , who flits off at a moments notice to be with his new love , is beyond belief or plausability . The rest of the acting ensemble , other than Capt. Thenault -LRB- Jean Reno -RRB- , were window dressing in this piece of movie dribble . And the dreaded German Ace was hardly more than a voyeur who wanted to savor his victory by the sight of his victim 's face before they died.Lame plot , poor acting , dubious historical accuracy , wrapped around some nice dogfight sequences . What a shame , as I had hoped for better than this.Don ' t buy this turkey . Save your money and get `` Dogfight '' -- more accurate , exciting , and historically true .
 I 'm sorry I ever purchased this movie . Eddie Rickenbacker must be rolling over in his grave . Absolutely no relationship to reality . An insipid story line and unrealistic special effects . If you want a good WWI movie , go with All Quiet on the Western Front -LRB- with Lew Ayers -RRB- or the Blue Max -LRB- with George Peppard -RRB- . Forget this drival .
 I went to see this in the theater and myself and two friends could not go the distance . We walked out before it was over . The plot is ridiculous and the acting does not make up for it .
 I confess I was entertained by the movie - in those moments when I was n't screaming at the TV . Some of the historical inaccuracies were so glaring that even for a work of fiction it was hard to swallow . At the beginning the movie states that 9 million would eventually die in WWI - soliders perhaps . That total is nowhere complete if you add in the civillian dead . A good number of which would have come from the area in which the characters were fighting . The Verdun front was a wasteland for miles - towns were obliterated from the shelling - the area around the fronts were ruined for not years but decades . No cheery farmhouse with well-fed children , no trees or plowed fields visible from the air , nothing but death and destruction for miles and miles . Trench warfare was not confined to a thin sliver . Though the front itself moved only yards the shelling and death reigned over an extended area . There are villages in the area that never returned and if you drive over the battlefield even now 90 years later as I did , you can still see the craters and hills caused by the shelling . The aviators were above the day to day merciless killing field but they were not untouched by it . My biggest problem with the film was the complete santization of WWI . The northern part of France and southern Belgium were devasted far more thoroughly than even Germany in WWII . It was truely hell on earth . Other reviewers have addresed the inaccuracies in the planes used - do not get me started on the mechanized land transportation . Tanks were only beginning to be developed and would not have been used as shown - also correct me if I am wrong but the Germans had already crossed the Meuse River much earlier in the War . At this point in time they would have been drive back - probably by Black Jack Pershing . The producers could have spent a bit more money on some historical research and less on their computer graphics . They did not get their money 's worth there either . As it was , I could never tell who was who during the arial combat sequences . I would have sworn one fellow was dead only to have him reappear later in the movie . I did enjoy the camaraderie and would have like to see more of the unit as a whole .
 Incredibly uninteresting film with characters you do n't care about , a nondescript and swelling music score that all but drowns out whatever mumbled diagloue there is , and a computer-game feel to the aerial sequences . Really tedious . If you want to watch a movie about aviators in World War I , watch `` The Dawn Patrol '' with Errol Flynn and David Niven .
 Flyboys is rather a disappointment even if you 're not expecting much . The Lafayette Escadrille - a French squadron of American pilots who fought in the First World War before the USA entered the conflict - is a great subject for a film , but somehow keeps on falling short . William Wellman 's semi-autobiographical Lafayette Escadrille was so brutally re-edited by the studio that he never made another film , yet Tony Bill 's film feels like it could have done with a firmer hand somewhere down the line . Rather than a gritty , brutally realistic war movie it harks back to silent cinema and WW2 flagwavers , concentrating on often-cartoonish heroics by one-dimensional characters unmemorably played by a bland cast . With a charismatic star in the lead this might not have been an insurmountable problem , but with only Jean Reno as their commander providing any star quality the film is often as flat as the ill-advised digital photography that makes much of the film look like a Turner TV movie at times . Even on the small screen its lack of detail , depth and limited colour range are distractingly problematic . It does n't make particularly good use of its 138-minute running time and there 's surprisingly little sense of time or place either . The characters ' attitudes are often more late than early-20th century while its attitude to accuracy is schizophrenic
 The film starts with a view of the heavens . The recently invented flying machine was adopted by armies as an observation platform that was better than the earlier tethered balloon . In September 1914 an observation airplane saw the German flanking attack , they were able to stop it at the first Battle of the Marne using the taxis of Paris -LRB- fast mechanized deployment -RRB- . The way to stop observation airplanes was to shoot them down with another armed airplane . First rifles , then machine guns . The way to stop an armed fighter was with another armed fighter . Bombing was another development , as well as anti-aircraft guns . Trench warfare prevented the maneuvers used by generals of the past . A stalemate followed.A young man in Texas wants to get out of town . Another leaves Nebraska for `` The War to End War '' . An American boxer joins the Lafayette Escadrille . So too a dropout from Harvard . The men meet their mascot `` Whiskey '' and the issue of racism . The men undergo elementary training in flying and tactics . The average life of a pilot was six weeks . The German Air Force predominated in 1916 . Fighters will accompany Handley-Page bombers to attack German supplies . No parachutes for pilots . `` Beware of the Hun in the sun ! '' There is a dogfight , some are shot down . One flyer seeks love . There is a pleasant scene . Then they are scrambled to pursue German bombers . Another dogfight with wins and losses.One flyer returns to see a girlfriend . There is a drama in the history of one flyer . Why did he miss his target ? A flight of Fokkers attacked a town , the Lafayette Escadrille comes to the rescue . One pilot lands in No Man 's Land , and is rescued in an incredible manner . Was the war meaningless ? Who will win ? Can one flyer rescue his girlfriend ? -LSB- Did anyone fly at night then ? -RSB- It was a dramatic rescue . `` Do n't ever do that again ! '' Next they attack a Zeppelin . -LSB- These bombed London at night . -RSB- The film shows the effects of machine gun fire on the pilots and airplanes . The hospital is being evacuated . Will they meet again ? There is another mission to attack Jametz . This time it will be a flanking attack to surprise the enemy with escorted bombers . There is another dogfight to let the bombers get through . There is a last dogfight between the fighter airplanes . Will the good guy survive ? The last scenes tell about the flyer 's future.This is a good film in spite of the story . This film uses CGI to recreate the known past . A better story makes a better film . You may find a book about this subject educational . Hollywood provides entertainment , not history . -LSB- `` They Fought for the Sky '' by Quentin Reynolds . -RSB-
 The incoherent plot and screenplay are both laughably bad . Pretty costumes , pretty direction , a nifty techno soundtrack , and Robert Carlyle make watching Plunkett & McLeane worthwhile only if you 're in the mood for a ninety-minute music video . Brainless fun .
 If , according to the editorial review , you either desire to lavish the director of this picture with affection or to slap him silly , I advocate the latter . An amateurish attempt to lend some `` hipper than thou '' gloss to a mediocre plotline . Even the actors themselves seem uninspired by the material . Pumping , excellent score thanks to Craig Armstrong lets you walk away from the film with some sensation of feeling ; other than that , bland .
 There is real plot in this film , it just follows two bumbling theives . Actually the two actors are the only aspect that make this movie watchable , just barely however.The self-concious humour ends up being incredibly pretentious , it even seems to revel in the fact that it is pretentious , and somehow that makes the movie selfaware and hip.Some people might leap to this films defense and claim that the forgetable plot was part of the grand scheme to keep it fun and exciting . The problem is asides from the an uninvolving plot , this movie is extremely predictable , which further deminishes the already trite affair .
 I do n't get it . How can anybody give this miscreation of a film more than 1 , maybe 2 stars ? I expected to see a funny , original film but instead got to see some of the worst screenwriting ever . The plot is just plain awful.The sets and costumes were beautifully done , the acting was n't bad , but that 's not enough to save this # @ % $ -LRB- * of a film .
 Regardless of what you think of this movie , the fact is , the quality of this DVD is terrible.We were watching our nephew and the Mighty Ducks came on , being a fan of it when we were kids , we watched it together . He loved the movie and so on his birthday we got him this DVD.Big mistake . I have NEVER seen a DVD of such terrible quality . On widescreen HDTV the aspect ratio is all off so that there is big black lines on not just the sides of the screen but also the top and bottom ... the movie takes up barely half of the TV screen ! If that was the only issue we could have dealt with it , but the quality of the picture itself is just so horrible it 's distracting . It 's discolored , it 's grainy , it looks like it 's being projected out terribly old poor quality film projector.My nephew is only 6 , so obviously he does n't care much about video fidelity but it was so bad it even bothered him and he was asking what was wrong with the movie . We transferred the DVD to a Standard definition tube tv and the poor quality was not as noticeable , but still really bad.The quality was so terrible I was sure I had accidentally ordered a bootleg or something ... but no , it 's the authentic Disney DVD . I ca n't believe the quality.So regardless of what you think of this movie , stay away from this DVD , I ca n't exaggerate how bad the quality is .
 Buena Vista -LRB- the company that releases Disney films on DVD -RRB- chose to not release anamorphic DVDs when they first came to DVD , so none of these films are anamorphically enhanced . This means , if you have a widescreen television , you will have black bars on all four sides of the picture . Also , these discs are absolutely barebones , only featuring a Dolby 2.0 soundtrack and a 1.85:1 widescreen presentation . Where are the extras ?! I do n't know about you guys , but I am a Mighty Duck fan who is disappointed by the DVD release of this film .
 I ordered this movie a month ago and I have yet to receive it . I 'm very upset .
 I 'll tell you how stuped you can get , this movie is how stuped you can get . This is one of the STUPEDEST movie I have ever seen and trust me I 've seen alot of movies.The whole movie is dumb exspecailly the actors.I recamend you not see this movie actshoally I more than recamend you I BEG you not to see this movie But if you incest to I recamend you borrow it from a friend your if you ca n't , rent it at the cheapest place you no before wasting your money on buying it . But if I were you I wo n't wast my money at all .
 Leave it to Disney to captilize on the name of one of their kid 's flicks . Well , it was good for what it was . I would n't watch it again though , it was n't as memorable as `` The Sandlot '' or `` Goonies '' but it 'll do .
 I forgotten how much inappropriate language was in this one . I unfortunately started this with my kids ... Wo n't make that mistake again . Next time I 'll check pluggedin even if I watched it before .
 While this video is informative and a good source of information for older children , I do NOT recommend it for kids under 3 or 4 . My daughter is 2 and loves Elmo 's World -LRB- we have several other videos -RRB- so I figured this would be okay . WRONG ! She is now having nightmares and will not be left alone in the dark because she is afraid of fire . She even shakes with fear the way Elmo does at one point during the film . I think the subject matter is too advanced for her and better suited for older children .
 My son 's day care showed the Elmo Firehouse Video and he was very scared ! He cried so hard they had to remove him from the room . He is 21/2 years old . He still is concerned most days as we pull in the driveway that they will show it again .
 Tried to watch this using our ROKU -LRB- we 've watched other amazon content this way -RRB- , but when you try to watch , it says content not available . Annoying since the easiest way to search is online . Back to the search .
 My one year old loves 5 of the Sesame Street DVDs we ordered for her . This one however was a total dud . There was n't much here to keep a kid 's interest and the educational value was marginal at best . Look elsewhere .
 I bought this video thinking that it would be a great tool to teach about fires . Well , what it did was show Elmo scared half to death about a fire in which he was a part . They actually show him shaking and in a lot of fear , something that should not be shown to young toddlers . They do n't understand why Elmo , their hero , is so afraid and it really upsets them . Why they had to take such a great idea and ruin it is beyond me . There are ways to teach safety without scaring someone to the point where they can not hear what you are saying out of fear , which is what happens to Elmo in this video . Save your money - this one does n't do the job .
 The quality of this video is exceptionaly poor . Our 2.5 year old seems to love it but it makes me want to tear my eyes out . The voice of the main character sounds like a robot and is very annoying . I would look else where for a piano DVD .
 WESTBOUND -LRB- 1959 -RRB- -- -LRB- directed by Budd Boetticher -RRB- -- Randolph Scott , Virginia Mayo , Karen Steele , Andrew Duggan , Michael Dante , Michael Pate.One of the seven westerns director Boetticher made with Scott -LRB- `` 7 Men From Now '' ; `` The Tall T '' ; `` Ride Lonesome '' ; `` Buchanan Rides Alone '' ; `` Decision At Sundown '' ; and `` Comanche Station '' -RRB- . Although all seven are high grade , `` B '' westerns , this one is , IMO , the weakest of the bunch . Scott plays a Union officer ordered to return to his civilian job of running a stagecoach line that will be carrying regular shipments of California gold that is desperately needed to conduct the war against the Confederacy . The stage line is based in a town run by a man -LRB- Duggan -RRB- who is sympathetic to the South and is determined to stop the gold from getting into Union hands and divert it to the Confederate war effort . Mayo plays Duggan 's wife , who once had `` a thing going on '' with Scott . Steele plays the widow of a disabled Union soldier who was murdered by a member of Duggan 's gang . She agrees to help Scott run the stage line . Given the poor quality of her acting ability , her only apparent reason for being in the film is her ample bosom and to provide a `` wholesome '' love interest for Scott , who no longer has any feeling for Mayo . This is an `` okay '' film , but suffers when compared to the other `` Boetticher/Scott '' films in the cycle -LRB- IMO , the best of the lot is , `` 7 Men From Now '' , which features Lee Marvin in an early role as a terrific `` bad guy '' -RRB- .
 The DVD set lacks CC for the hearing impared . I think this is kind of strange , considering one of the characters is going deaf .
 This set has a very limited menu - set-up has only audio selection . Most series DVDs allow a `` play all '' option when several episodes are on a platter , this does not.The appearance of the video is slightly grainy , with slight ghosting outlines.This is another set of DVDs which have to be played in your computer 's DVD tray with Windows Media Player , not in a DVD player box , in order to access Closed Captioning . Amazon needs to make that distinction in the descriptions of the DVDs it sells . Hunkering over a computer display is not my preferred method of watching TV.On a positive note , the DVD carrier is the easiest I 've been able to pop a disk out of .
 okay so there is no 23 episodes . the seller only gave me a disc with 3 episodes . what a scam ? do n't buy from this person again .
 Though it started out strongly , Season 3 of CSI quickly falls to the wayside . Episodes like ` The Accused is Entitled ' show the strength of this show , but the middle of the season is weak compared to previous seasons . The episodes are tired and formulaic , and the `` surprise '' season finale is laughable . Continuity is thrown out the window and the storylines are fractured . Buy the first and second seasons to see the best of CSI .
 I love this show . It is very entertaining , informative and `` got ta be there '' . I have 1-5 seasons now and enjoy going back and watching them again and again .
 Why are they still selling this ? Worth a laugh , but the feature is 30 minutes long and I bet your laugh wo n't last all the way to the end .
 The rating is not for the show but for the delay . Why is it taking so long to get these seasons of one of the best TV shows of all time to DVD ? What do we have to do ? We want to all go about this in a legal way but it seems that we are being pushed to illegal means in order to obtain these shows . I 'm sure I could get them from numerous vendors throughout Thailand . It would not surprise me if these two seasons are already available for download off the internet . But some of us want to spend our money legally . And thanks to Fox it seems like we may never be able to .
 As someone that bought the first season of The Bob Newhart Show , I must say I was disappointed in the poor quality . I mean that while other series have character pictures and are one sided DVDs this set was two sided . There are still some channels broadcasting the series and even though they are the cut-up syndicated version , it was better than what I bought . Wait for someone responsible like Shout Factory to do it right.Try Hulu , it may be there .
 A cold , emotionally-repressed piano teacher under the thumb of a domineering mother finds release in a variety of inappropriate , unhealthy ways , including peeping into the car window of a young couple being intimate at a drive-in movie and smelling dirty tissues from the trash can of a porn shop video booth . Apologies for being so graphic , but potential viewers should be alerted about what they 're getting here . Eventually , the teacher 's actions escalate from the inappropriate and mildly criminal activities described to psychotic episodes including the maiming of one of her students.To be fair , the movie is well acted , somewhat interesting , and never becomes boring -LRB- the worst sin of a creative work , in my opinion -RRB- , but in the end the unpleasantness , grossness and endless depressing scenes outweigh the artistic value of the piece , making the film an ordeal to finish . Obviously , other reviewers here on Amazon feel differently , but this is my take . And , if you check out my other reviews , you 'll see that I do n't need a film to be light and feel-good to enjoy it.There 's a twenty-minute interview with actress Isabelle Huppert on the DVD , where she says that the crux of the film is the main character 's desire to be loved in an old-fashioned way -LRB- `` like something out of a nineteenth century novel '' -RRB- in a world where men only want to seduce her . `` Really ? '' I said to myself , `` but how does that explain her desire to be tied up and beaten , as well as the premeditated criminal maiming of her student ? '' I guess I 've gotten out of practice with French cinema from the days when I used to enjoy Truffaut films .
 Some of the negative reviews of this movie might be for the wrong reason . Others do n't quite articulate the reasoning well enough to be convincing . Maybe I can help?I like philosophy , deep movies , and the French language - so I was looking forward to a fantastic film with compelling new material . Especially after reading how well it did at Cannes . Roger Ebert even gave it a big ol' bunch of stars.Unfortunately , the only interesting themes -LRB- which were hinted at only tangentially -RRB- in this movie were said by psychoanalysts 80 years ago and Jean-Paul Sartre 50 years ago . Except the difference was that when those thinkers put their ideas out there , they did so in a compelling way that made sense of our innermost feelings and the world around us . This movie fails miserably in this respect , filling up holes in content with the most over the top violence and sex I 've ever seen . I ended up watching the unrated version , which probably made the entire experience significantly worse than it would have otherwise been.Maybe I 'm wrong , but I get the feeling that people are rating this movie highly just because of the positive critical reception it got -LRB- Cannes , etc. -RRB- . The emperor 's new clothes phenomenon , you know . The acting is good - I ca n't imagine how challenging it must have been to play these roles . But that 's about all I can say for this movie . Please get something else !
 Being a fan of Isabelle Huppert 's work , I expected something more from this film . The only good thing about this film , as a matter of fact , was Huppert 's performance of a woman coming undone . She lives her relatively closed -LRB- and closely monitored by her live-in mother -RRB- life as a piano teacher , and everything seems stern , put together -LRB- except for this bizarre relationship with her mother , who controls everything -RRB- . And then Huppert 's much-younger student begins to pursue her . By the time Huppert succumbs , she is unraveling . At the same time , the movie unravels with her .
 I was sold when I saw how many ratings this proclaimed 5 star movie it had received but to my disappointment , it was just a waste of time and money . If you really want to see a good movie about a piano or pianist with a good story to it then I recommend `` The Piano '' . This movie was somewhat sickening and pointless . There was no real good story behind the movie . Just 2 puzzling demented sicko 's who 's only purpose was to make you vomit and throw that movie away . I 'd like to give a synopsis about the movie but the truth is , is that there 's really no good plot to talk about a synopsis.Do yourself a favor and skip this movie . You 'll save time and money . Not all 5 star movies have earned their stars .
 This movie was crap . It boasts of a journey of submission and tale of D/s . It is boring and merely a poorly filmed interpretation of the lustful quest for dominantion .
 I am a big fan of foreign movies . When I read read the reviews listed here , I decided to see this movie before buying the DVD . Thank goodness . The storyline was terrible .
 I chose this movie in BlockBuster , because I like classical music and I am learning piano . I can understand that there are all kinds of people -LRB- I mean ALL kinds -RRB- in this world , but this is really distastefully beyond my imagination.I realized that a horror movie does not always need killers or vampires . This movie really scared me with its distastefulness . Nevertheless , it made me keep watching till the end , probably because of the superb performance of the actors/actresses . But in the end , I had to say , `` Ew ! Yuck ! '' . And I was fortunate that I watched R-rated version.The only good thing is that this movie showed some of my favorite pieces such as Schubert 's Piano Trio in Eb Op 100 and Brahms 's Sextet in Bb.There are movies which you wish you had not watched , because it 's sick and disturbing . The movies like Mulholland Drive make you watch one more time even though they are clueless in the first view . This movie is also clueless but I just ca n't watch it again . I regret that I rented this movie .
 No matter how edgy or avant garde you might think you are , you may find this movie disturbingly creepy . I personally wish I had not seen it , as it gave me nightmares . The central character is a repressed musician who never made the big time . Her pushy stage mother resents that both their lives were utterly wasted in the pursuit of stardom that did not happen , and she takes all her rage and disappointment out on the hapless daughter who is now an aging old maid herself . They made a lot of sacrifices , and now they live together , miserable , lonely , sex-starved , and barely making it on the daughter 's paycheck as a piano teacher . All the sexual repression is really quite nauseating , and the daughter expresses her angst by physically cutting herself , watching porno movies with perverted men and doing filthy things in sex shops . Ultimately , she gets involved in a truly gnarly relationship with a young , handsome student who has no clue how to handle the truly deep-seated and deranged perversions of this older woman . The end totally grossed me out , and I am really suprised an actress of the stature of Isabelle Hupert could rationalize this work as `` art '' .
 Despite the praise heaped on this movie , it is awful . The acting that is so ballyhooed involves lots of tense , pursed lip movements , shot in long stills with a piano playing in the background . The piano playing is really irrelevant to the plot -LRB- though of course the movie pretends otherwise -RRB- . There is a lot of sick violence towards the viewer , in the form of unnecessary and crass depications of supposedly shocking and or titillating sick violence . It 's a poorly conceived story bolstered by unconvincing and cheaply theatrical psychology.This is the sort of movie that shows rather than reveals . In one of the most pretentious scenes , the main character assaults her mother , with whom she shares a bed , in an almost sexual way , and this is supposed to symbolize some emotional cataclysm that is otherwise undeveloped in the movie . The central love story is thrown at the viewer , and the sources of the central character 's depraved violence against self and others are suggested only in an incoherent way.This movie exemplifies what happens when a weak director tackles a complicated subject . This is not a character study , as some claim , as the main character is nothing more interesting than a fastidious and vicious psychopath . The male lead is a handsome but unexpressive face , who does an alright job of playing an obnoxious violent man hiding beneath a veneer of culture -LRB- this role might have had some interest , had it been developed -RRB- . It 's depressing that so many people liked this pathetic movie . ` Natural Born Killers ' was a better movie .
 I have never written a review before , but I fear I could be held criminally liable if I did not warn anyone about to waste his money or her time on this movie , just as I would be if I knew that there was a bridge out up ahead and failed to warn oncoming traffic . There are so many things wrong with this movie that it makes one wonder whether or not it was made deliberately to goof on viewers and critics.The plot , if it may be called that , is so creaky that a gallon of Three-in-One could n't help it . Based on a psychological insight so ham-fisted that even a student in Psyc 101 would giggle , it takes about thirty seconds to determine the basic course of the movie . The main character spends her days brutalizing her students verbally and emotionally while secretly longing -- are you ready for the surprise twist -- to be physically brutalized in her turn by a lover , within earshot of her harpy of a mother no less . Enter the handsome young man , athlete , engineer , pianist , who is by turns repelled and attracted by the sado-masochistic fantasy , although why is anybody 's guess , as one certainly does n't get much of a clue from his dialogue or his actions . He also utters what has to be one of the funniest lines in the history of cinema during the rape scene , although rape may or may not be the correct word in this context . -LRB- And , admittedly , I do not speak French , so had to rely on the subtitles , but I do n't think the translators would have gotten that particular line wrong and not any of the others . -RRB- There is one group who will , no doubt , enjoy this film , Francophobes . They will find all of their worst stereotypes of and prejudices about the French resoundly re-affirmed
 That movie was soooo boring . An old teacher living together with her mum , whom she hates , very blunt loud dialogues between them , why does an independent self supporting lady stay there at all , ridiculous . . I was very , very disappointed of actress Huppert 's role , it was not her fault , that she had so little to do or say , eg in that scene on the public toilet.E . Jelinek 's story was either not transported or is it really so far away from real life , or sex , or even perverse perversion?I did not even try to find out , too much time spent on that already . Sorry .
 This film is simply boring , as are perversions , fixations and all that stuff that in general interests solely psychoanalists , and that just because they get paid to listen to such idiotic craziness . Huppert is OK in this horrid movie , nevertheless I would not save her from the blast . All you will get is annoyed from watching this , it allows no day-after thoughts , it does not linger on within you , as nothing in the movie actually is transcending in any conceivable way.This film is about a pianist who happens to have hell for a home . Continuing the metaphor , the musician 's mother is a she-devil kind of thing . To be fair to , well , the devil devil , who 's most likely a guy , the pianist 's mother is no more than a crippled old lady who has raised her child in an incestuous fashion , thus promoting the multiple sexual nightmarish deeds this woman , as an adult , would engage in . Along with that , the lack of love she `` suffers from '' proves to be the same rejection and hatred she actually demands in others and , accordingly , delivers to everyone surrounding her.This film is like a classical videoclip . While we enjoy some Schumann tunes we see the piano teacher wrapping herself in acts of extreme cruelty , sex that is far from enjoyable to any average individual , over the edge irrational unbuyable conversation with her mother , the pursual of something more love-like in a younger person -LRB- that is , mostly being despised and having a kick out of it -RRB- . To decidedly ruin the movie is the ending , which stands as one of the worst I have ever undergone.This film has no story line , it does not reach out to the viewer , in it there is no landmark aesthetics of any sort , no revolt against anything , no adherence to anything . It is nonesense poured into allegedly disturbing images , but why would any creator do that ? Just for the sake of filming sickening stuff . That is easy to do . Tape a dog dying or a mother crying the loss of her child and you are there . But what for ? And , is it cinema?This film is garbage . The main character seeked hatred . Go a step further ahead and hate the whole thing altogether .
 This is the number one worst movie I have ever seen . I usually love French films and enjoy the unprudish and free attitude in most of them , but this one went too far . I wanted to leave the theatre , but I was too transfixed in horror to move . I gagged , I winced , I covered my eyes , but still I could n't move . After the torture was finally over I felt shellshocked and needed to go home and watch The Lion King to recover . It was a glimpse into the world of a sad , demented , and twisted character that I did not need to see . There was no point to this movie and I felt that it existed purely for shock value with no lesson , point or true plot . If you value your time do not watch this movie .
 I watched this film a few years ago , and like The Secretary , it was a truly bad film . Sick and extremely disturbing , not to mention boring . I must 've fell asleep 10 times while watching this film . I could 've made a better movie . Not recommended .
 If you are looking for a french romantic film , this is not it ! Wow , a real downer , and quite perverse . If you like true tragedies , then I think it would be a good film . The acting is quite good . At one point the main character tries to make love to her own mother . The whole movie was just too disturbing for me .
 The acting was good for what it was . The opinion I have after watching it was the movie was someone 's spoof of what BDSM was . The ending just left me with my mouth hanging open and shaking my head in wonderment .
 I have to disagree with other reviewers who have heaped praise and many stars on this movie which I found to be art house at it 's least pleasing . You will have seen words like , dark , brooding , disturbing thrown around like confetti , when in truth the movie simply does not deliver . What leaves an sour taste in the mouth is not the disturbed main character , nor the semi graphic sexual scenes , but mainly a very very compelling film that ends abruptly , if not predictably leaving the viewer feeling cheated . Is it well made ? yes - well acted ? sure - but like so many of these `` critically acclaimed '' dramas it 's missing one vital thing . Most stories have a beginning , middle and an end - and this just leaves you hanging after nearly two hours , saying `` What ? ''
 It 's hard to say what this film is about . The plot has been repeated by others . In summary , the piano teacher follows her sexual fantasies down a path that leads to her destruction . It is as others have said a disturbing film , but for me this is not a compliment . There is little in the film worth taking away . The teacher herself is not especially interesting . She is abusive , mean-spirited , aggressive and destructive as a teacher . She maims one of her charges because the young girl dares to smile at the teacher 's new sex toy , a young stud who has convinced himself , unconvincingly , that he loves his tyrant teacher . She is not just perverse ; she is criminally insane . Her mother , who is every bit as sick and twisted , is a sexual voyeur and tormentor who exploits her daughter 's bizarre sexual predilections which include porn shop cruising , drive-in movie peeping , and self-mutilation . Once she gets her hands on her new charge , she presents him in writing with a list of perverse demands . The handsome boy realizes that he is dealing with a sicko and runs for the hills . She stabs herself . I got little out of watching this mess . Who 's to know what it all means or what the author intended . I came up with the idea that this `` World '' is meant to be `` Vienna , '' Europe 's literal or symbolic music capital , a city of beautiful music and the birthplace of Hitler and the author , even though Paris has been used as the film 's setting by the director . These two `` sides '' of Europe seem to coexist , according to the author , but we are given no hint as to what one is meant to do with this knowledge .
 This subtitled film portrays the emotional deterioration and sexual perversions of an otherwise gifted and attractive professor of music . Includes scenes of mother-daughter incest , genital self-mutilation , suicide and recurrent sadomasochism . Despite all of this rarely seen pathology , this is very little excitement or entertainment value inherent in this film . Needless-to-say , a bit on the depressing side .
 Deadly accurate too , especially the mother stuff . Incredible performances , but I 'd rather curl up with the cat and watch ` Roman Holiday ' . Life 's too short to roll around in the John .
 Well-acted for the most part , it was a relief to turn this movie off . The tension and psychosis which built but never held interest , created empathy , or suspended self , finally erupted into a confusing condonning of rape . This is one of those ugly movies that defiles the consciousness of its viewers with no higher purpose - artistic or philosophic . Your time would be better spent watching lint form in the dryer .
 Ok , first , I like foreign movies , and I especially like French foreign films . They just have a different way of doing things , cinematography etc. . . But this film was really really bad.There really is no character development , you are just to take these vapid characters with extreme problems at face value . The main charcter is a piano teacher with deviant sexual eccentricities , and thats putting it lightly . Follow her through this film while she tries to make everyone and everything that she touches as sad and lonely as she is . She 's a mean woman and it 's just not entertaining to watch her spy on young lovers at the drive in , and then urinate next to their car while shes in sexual climax , nor is it interesting to watch her sabotage the young career of one of her students by putting crushed glass in her coat pocket . The only up side to this film is the romantic tendencies of her persuer who , for reasons unknown , is attracted to this woman at any cost.She 's a nasty woman with serious problems.This film does not resolve a conflict , it abruptly ends.I would not recommend this film to anyone .
 Ok . So Isabelle Huppert was brave in doing some of the things she does in this . So what?The movie is a pretentious bore which never grabs the viewer . It 's just a series of nasty and kinky scenes which ultimately go nowhere . The Isabelle Huppert character is a psychopath , but incredibly she is an uninteresting one.A truly disappointing movie .
 Hardly . Erika -LRB- Isabelle Huppert -RRB- is one of the highest regarded and sought after classical piano instructors around . She 's held in very high esteem at the conservatory where she teaches . She holds private lessons and does recitals . She 's prim , proper and brutally strict with her students . She also cruises porno shops , watches the porn videos -LRB- graphically displayed and the only skin in this film -RRB- and peeps in lovers ' parked cars at the drive-in where she gets so turned on she urinates . She also cuts her vagina with a razor when frustrated . She lives with her aged harridan mother -LRB- Annie Girardot -RRB- who pushes her daughter to achieve so hard that it results in mama bashing . Then along comes stud-puppy/jock/wanna-be piano whiz Walter -LRB- Benoit Magimel -RRB- who starts hitting on Erika right and left until she caves in -LRB- in a bathroom -RRB- and reveals her inability to have normal sex which frustrates the heck out of Walter . But he professes to love her and agrees to whatever she wants . Sort of . She writes a letter telling him what she wants . The utter degradation she desires in that letter made me wonder , dear Lord -- how many `` dark sides '' does this woman have ? She wants to be tied up , slapped around , beaten , sexually humiliated , gagged -- the list goes on and on . Walter is repulsed . No dice , Erika . She follows him and begs for his forgiveness and then promptly throws up when he complies to her demands for impromptu oral sex . He throws her out in disgust . Then he comes begging back in the middle of the night , claiming she 's bewitched his brain with her `` sickness '' . He locks Mama in the bedroom , brutally beats and kicks Erika and rapes her . He says in effect , `` Is n't this what you wanted ? '' What a cad . He even gets away with it . But the ending is what really threw me . I felt like I was the one needing a good slap . The performances in this film are excellent . Especially Huppert . But I ca n't believe she let the director get away with that ending . It just left me empty and mad that I watched it . The character of Walter is disgusting . Erika is no less pathetic -- she 's extremely sick and even puts broken glass in a promising but scared student 's coat pocket so she 'll slice up her hand and ca n't play . And gets away with it ! I do n't know who I could recommend this film to . It 's played so dreadfully serious -- even the scene where Erika tries to have sex with her mother . All I can say is , if you 've read what I 've written here and you still want to see it , then go for it . But if you 're the least bit hesitant , stay away from it . It 's that disturbing and unbelievable .
 Superbly acted by Huppert , but could n't get past the painful granularity of a character that leaves the viewer no choice but to despise her . Her passive-aggressive sadism towards others is born out of the hatred she has for herself . Among the physical abuse she commits against herself in various ways , she also commits the worst kind of betrayal - a teacher who hates her own pupils to the point of committing acts of violence against them - no one is safe around her - she hates all equally . She pours broken glass into a student 's coat pocket out of some senseless deranged jealousy , thus completely destroying that student 's hope for a career as a pianist . As equally as she doles out the psychological and physical abuse -LRB- there is a revolting scene of some sort of bizarre sexual attack she commits against her own mother , whom she sleeps with in the same bed -RRB- , she also demands to be abused . She asks her student-boyfriend to beat her -LRB- and he obliges , seemingly with some regret -RRB- but that ca n't compare with how much she hates herself.Instead of caring about this character , I found myself disgusted by her -LRB- mostly because of her own weakness and unwillingness to change -RRB- . This woman puts on an air of strength , stoicism , and intelligence , but it is really just a cover for her weakness as a person devoid of any conscious . She is too weak to break the sick relationship she has with her dominating mother , so her life is a gradual escalation of a psychosis that she allows to destroy her . She is a dangerous , sociopathic individual with no hope , so the entire film becomes a disturbing examination of that , and does n't offer anything else .
 It has been about two weeks since I viewed this film . I still think of it often and find myself genuinely disturbed by it . I do n't agree at all with the reviewers who found the movie pretentious or boring . It is absolutely riveting and dark , but you have to wonder what you are viewing , what is being said about women -LRB- even if the novel the film is based on was written by a woman -RRB- , and why such a subject has to be told in such a graphic way . It seems that if something absolutely repulsive is created in an artistic way people are eager to praise it or risk being labeled anti-intellectual . I saw the rated R version and had to turn away and even fast forward the scene involving the violent confrontation . Anyone who can view what looks like rape to me and call out `` brilliant ! '' or `` artistic masterpiece ! '' is too twisted for my taste . This is not a film for a seeker of beauty or anyone with a sensitive heart . Even if you love drama and tragedy , as I do , this work is in a category all its own . I read a review that likened this film to a car accident
 Shortly before seeing this film , I watched a DVD of Bertolucci 's '' The Dreamers '' , both for the first time . It was informative to compare the two products of film-makers who are regarded as serious practitioners of the Art , and whose work often incorporates explicitly sexual material that risks demeaning their serious intent and exposes them to the charge of gratuitous audience titillation . In the case of Bertolucci 's movie , the sex was graphic and not in the best of taste , but one could argue that it had a place in the lives of its young protagonists who were representative of much of their generation
 I adored this movie in that it dispelled the simulacra of gracious living with classical music . I hated this movie in the shallow way it demonized bdsm culture , much as Irreversible demonized gay men.I was suprised that a young carefree boy in love would suddenly turn judgemental when the object of his affections , his teacher no less , provided instructions for him to please her . I had difficulty making that leap . I was not surprised that a pianist , being a tactile creature , would chose manual engagement for arousal.I thought the scene where Huppert pulled that little box of personal delights from beneath her bed had the greatest amount of compassion and empathy in the film . It was heartbreaking to see how small her world truly was .
 This is a politically-correct Broadway play set to film . It fails utterly . Guinness is badly miscast , looking about as Japanese as , say , Robert Morley . Rosalind Russell is barely plausible as a Jewish mother . The movie lacks wit , humor , sophistication , action , and suspense . It 's basically a soap opera with lots of preaching about the brotherhood of man -LRB- oops , humankind -RRB- . It 's no surprise to me that the film has not been released on DVD . No one needs to waste time like that . Put this one in your Turkey book .
 This film has not been issued on DVD . This listing was created by a bootlegger , selling home-made copies .
 This is the second time I have ordered a movie manufactured `` on demand '' in a DVD-R format from Amazon.com . My Sony DVD recorder/player is less than two years old . When I attempted to play each movie on the Sony , this message was displayed
 If this was a professional DVD , it would not be made on a DVD-R disk . Instead it should be made on a dual layer DVD disk because it is over two hours . This DVD-R disk must therefore be less quality than standard play playback . Not good for High Definition flat screens , especially the larger size screens . By the way , this movie was broadcasted by Turner Classic Movies in letterboxed form . The TCM broadcast movie differed from the movie I had on prerecorded VHS tape . The TCM movie plot was better than what was on the VHS version . Also the TCM version was in widescreen and more sharp than the VHS version . The source of where this DVD version came from which you are selling is NOT provided and that is one more reason why I wo n't buy it . Sincerely , Rick Gershon.A Majority of One
 This is a delightful set of four short stories about the magic of Christmas.Each short is animated in either vivid color or black and white . 30 min . total playing time . Each has its own personality and charm . The stories can be used for discussion about Christmas between parents or teachers and young children . There is freshness in each . Few opportunities exist to share a Christmas story classic that is very short and talk about it with young folks . Makes them excitingly aware of the famed comic figure Howdy Doody and animation in fun terms.I watched it from the viewpoint of both a young child and parent . Four **** for delight and colorful fun that often brings out the smiles in young silent children otherwise prone to remain quiet . At a low price too . Not worth the new VHS price.Four Stars .
 Let me tell you what you get when you buy this movie
 This is one sorry , cheap , low-budget and total garbage of a so-called horror flick ! I mean the acting is atrocious in this thing !!!! This is a very poor and total disgrace of an addition to the slasher sub-genre !!! What a sad day it is for the horror genre when trash like this is made , let alone actually sold to any innocent victim ! I ca n't say enough about how sorry this movie is . `` Tower of Blood '' is just pure rubbish !! The movie follows a familiar script , typical slasher flick format , but the acting is so bad , the film is so poorly executed and the movie is just so completely lacking in style that even the the most unsophisticated of horror movie fans will just laugh or cry -LRB- depending on how much you paid for it -RRB- after watching this trash . This is total amateuristic rubbish and is not worth a penny !
 This movie just barely goes through the motions of all the other movies it 's ripping off . Not even fun as trash - it 's too dark to see large parts of it . No scares , no suspense , nuthin . Rock bottom .
 Bad acting , bad script , uncoordinated wardrobe , and pathetic `` special effects '' . I 'm glad this came in a 2 pack with a decent film and did n't cost any more the the one by itself . I have been watching horro and suspence films for the majority of my life and this one goes on the top of the realy bad list . That is why I say giving it one star is gracious . stay away if you want to keep your IQ .
 This was a pretty damn boring movie . Thank god I did not buy it , for I would be rather angry at myself . Boring plot , boring actors , you can probably see where I 'm going with this . They could n't even throw any gore into the movie for at least something to watch . I guess that would have put them over budget . I will say that I thought the cover art looked pretty cool , which is why I rented it in the first place . So overall , I would not recommend this to anyone .
 Whitney Houston and someone did a song by that name , but it fits this cast very well . The killing is so dated that it lessons themovie , as apposed to great movies in the past like `` Halloween and Friday the 13 '' are dated but you never pay attention to that , because they are great movies . This movie is not great . I can imagine a bunch of college students sitting around , watching it , but few others.Some of the actual killing was silly , especially at the end . `` Ravenous '' is a great movie to rent instead . Leave this one on the shelf , unless you are really , really bored . This one could have been a lot better , had this oversized ape killer beat his victims to death and then snapped the girls necks , bodyslam and beat the guys senselss , before throwing them off of the roof or something more action oriented . This would have subbed for the lack of story . Instead we got yet another masked killer , with a bid knife killing a group of horny teens , who should have been at home , but instad chose to spend the night in an abandoned building . Well , I am going to abandon this movie , and you should too . Not the worst horror movie , but could have been better .
 THESE ARE NOT MUSIC VIDEOS ... DONT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT A MIXTAPE OF MUSIC VIDEOS .
 i purchased this thinking it was a music video dvd which it is not its more of a documentry with no videos
 If you want a sick , disgusting , perverse movie , look no further . You 've found it.One word
 `` Night Train to Terror '' is a wretched combination of -LRB- apparently -RRB- three horrendously bad movies which have been edited down to a singular completely incoherent plot , with links added featuring good versus evil on a model train scheduled by Satan to crash at dawn , all combined in the format of a wretched music video from the 1980s , complete with breakdancing.The first storyline concerns a man who kills his wife by driving off a bridge , and who then becomes involved in a plot to remove organs -LRB- only from attractive women -RRB- and sell them to medical schools . Plot emphasis is on random gore -LRB- including the most unrealistic beheading ever -RRB- , bad dreams , and lots of screaming , all tied together with no production values.After an intermission from the debate club on the train where horrible dialogue is exchanged -LRB- sample
 `` Night Train to Terror '' is a wretched combination of -LRB- apparently -RRB- three horrendously bad movies which have been edited down to a singular completely incoherent plot , with links added featuring good versus evil on a model train scheduled by Satan to crash at dawn , all combined in the format of a wretched music video from the 1980s , complete with breakdancing.The first storyline concerns a man who kills his wife by driving off a bridge , and who then becomes involved in a plot to remove organs -LRB- only from attractive women -RRB- and sell them to medical schools . Plot emphasis is on random gore -LRB- including the most unrealistic beheading ever -RRB- , bad dreams , and lots of screaming , all tied together with no production values.After an intermission from the debate club on the train where horrible dialogue is exchanged -LRB- sample
 `` Night Train to Terror '' is a wretched combination of -LRB- apparently -RRB- three horrendously bad movies which have been edited down to a singular completely incoherent plot , with links added featuring good versus evil on a model train scheduled by Satan to crash at dawn , all combined in the format of a wretched music video from the 1980s , complete with breakdancing.The first storyline concerns a man who kills his wife by driving off a bridge , and who then becomes involved in a plot to remove organs -LRB- only from attractive women -RRB- and sell them to medical schools . Plot emphasis is on random gore -LRB- including the most unrealistic beheading ever -RRB- , bad dreams , and lots of screaming , all tied together with no production values.After an intermission from the debate club on the train where horrible dialogue is exchanged -LRB- sample
 This movie is weird to say the least . Over all picture quality , at least on the version we have , is pretty poor for DVD . It is more like an old VHS rental or something . Sound is average at best . The movie , or movies as it is , are rather confusing . The action seems to bounce all over the place and it is not entirely clear as to what is going on most of the time . The general idea of the movie -LRB- e.g. God and Satan bartering over souls -RRB- is interesting but this movie does not pull it off very well . The only thing that keeps it remotely interesting are the short parts with gore that is so fake and funny you end up laughing your ass off -LRB- clay animation anyone ? -RRB- . I 'd definately recommend renting this movie if possible before considering a purchase .
 The plot is God and the Devil bet on who will win , a doctor who rapes his victims before hacking them up with a chainsaw , or a victim who is on the run who can win .
 Saw the 6-hour version at the SF Film Festival special screening about eight years or so ago . Was not bored for a minute . Why are we being offered the truncated version ? Only 2 stars for this version which is very disappointing after having waited so long for a Region 1 release . Really a shame .
 The film should have a warning label . Anyone struggling with depression should not watch this movie . Few movies about serial killers are happy affairs , so what 's the problem ? It would seem that every character is in some stage of being off kilter beginning with the gruesome opening when Arden -LRB- Toni Collette -RRB- finds the decaying remains of a young woman in a field near her home . She is shy and intimidated by the attention and publicity given her . A clerk in a grocery store asks her out on a date , but is freaked out when Arden suggests he manhandle her . This opening act is followed by 4 more -LRB- I think -RRB- where the characters are linked to the dead girl . Although I 'm not familiar with the writer/director Karen Moncrieff , even casual movie goers would recognize the cast
 A dead girl is found in a field and that leads us to several stories that kind of involve her . Each one is dark and dreary and slow . Toni Collette and Piper Laurie reinact Carrie in the first segment which adds nothing to the film . Actually only the `` Wife '' and the `` Dead Girl '' seem really worth watching and both of those are very dark and again slow and dreary . Lots of good people in this , but no real mystery or suspense . Really just kind of depressing and that 's does not make for entertainment . The real world is depressing enough .
 This movie is horrible . I do n't even see the point in making it.You can describe the entire movie -LRB- and I do mean ENTIRE -RRB- in a paragraph or two . --------- Spoilers ------------ sorryThe Dead Girl is a very strange movie and I hated it . It is a movie about different people and how all of their lives are somehow interconnected . A girl is murdered and a woman finds her in the back yard , then she gets in a fight with her mother , goes off and meets a random guy and has sex with him ? . Next scene is a girl who works in the morgue where the dead girl 's body is taken , and she sees a birthmark resembling that of a sister of her 's who went missing years ago . The parents do n't believe her and then it turns out it is n't the girl 's sister . Then it moves on to the mother of the dead girl coming and identifying the body , which leads her to her estranged daughter 's girlfriend and they are both prostitutes who live in a nasty hotel . She finds out that her daughter had a child and goes and gets the little girl . Then there is the scene about the creepy old couple who live in a house near their storage shed business and while the husband is gone the irritated wife finds a dresser in an empty storage unit full of dead women 's clothing . She bags it up drives to the police station , sees a cop , then takes it home and burns it and her own clothes , and walks away back to the creepy murderous husband naked ! Then at the end there is a flashback scene to how the girl met the killer -LRB- old creepy man -RRB- while hitch hiking because her loser pimp ? boyfriend would n't take her to give her daughter a present . Then when the scene comes that the dead girl and murderer are in the car together it just ENDS !! So basically you waste all this time and it ends in such a random spot ... I hate this movie and it was a waste of money renting it .
 this movie does n't suck , but its not good either . my first problem with it are the titles given to the stories in this movie . these are n't necessary , they 're annoying , and the stories should just fade to black when they end -LRB- and fade in when the next one begins -RRB- . we can guess who the characters are without the title descriptions.the second problem -LRB- s -RRB- with this movie are the choices that these women made , specifically with their bodies . i believe these poor choices are what link these women/stories together , not so much the Dead Girl . hypothetically , let 's say the `` stranger '' DID NOT find the dead body . she 'd still be an adult recluse , who 's forced by her abusive mother to take care of her , and has no concept of what `` real love '' is , so she agrees to go out with a man she 's never met and allows this serial killer obsessed-creep to tie her hands together so that they can have sex . i ca n't begin to tell you what 's wrong with that woman , but does n't she have enough sense to stay away from a guy who only talks about killers and victims ? could n't he be a/the killer?next is the `` sister '' , who 's medicated and depressed about her missing sister . she works with a guy , who obviously likes her , for 3 years , and she 's never gone out with him . all of a sudden , she goes to one of his parties , has sex with him , and ignores his phone calls . those are the actions of a depressed person . the entire movie could 've been about her and her parents in their never-ending quest to find their daughter/sister . then there 's the wife of the suspected killer . when she finally puts 2 and 2 together about why he leaves her all time , she does n't turn him in ! does she still love that creep ? i do n't mean to ruin the movie , but she gathers all the evidence , burns it -LRB- ! -RRB- , throws the clothes that she 's wearing in the fire -LRB- ?! -RRB- , and walks away naked . is that supposed to be symbolic ? that 's crazy and stupid -LRB- plus she 's like 60 years old , nude -RRB- . finally , you got the dead girl , not to mention her lesbian lover/co-worker . of course , they 're prostitutes . the messed up thing is why the dead girl became a prostitute , because her mother turned a blind eye to the stepfather 's sexual abuse of the girl , which led her to escape to california . the mother tracks down her last known whereabouts and finds her daughter 's `` friend '' and the grandchild she did n't know about . i guess the only good thing that happens in this movie is a grandmother will raise her dead daughter 's child the `` right '' way , probably to make up for her past mistakes.as a man , i adore women . but if there is any advice i can give , based off this movie , is to keep yourself sexually pure for as long as you can . if you 're abused by anyone , especially a man , you fight them off and tell someone about it ASAP . if you do n't , you might end up as a drug addict , prostitute , or in abusive and/or unfulfilled relationships for the rest of your life . or you 'll just be killed , like the dead girl .
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen . It was depressing to watch and the story was very poorly written . All of the `` segments '' were left hanging and never actually came together at the end . There was nothing shocking about the ending , it just ended . I had to double check to be sure that was indeed the credits rolling . What a jip , I want my money back . I foolishly bought this movie without seeing it first thinking it had to be good with all the known actors and the description on the back sounded good . Boy was I wrong ! I threw it in the garbage , the first movie I have ever thrown away .
 That 's N-i-e-t-z-s-c-h-e , and what he wrote bears no relation to this movie.In this stinker , all the men seem like predators , or are unappealing at best , all the women are victims . If this is reality -- the reality of L.A. or anywhere , I want no part of it . In my experience , people from most classes have some kind of spark or charm . This is a film that mistakes vileness and vapid , blank suffering for profundity or realism.Watch them suffer ! On second thought , do n't ! The most unappealing group of people I 've ever fast-forwarded through in recent memory -- even worse than The Hawk is Dying.I like dark films -- but this is just rub yer nose in it vile and stupid.Avoid at all costs ! Yech !
 As a longtime deer-lover , years ago I found a copy of this DVD at my local supermarket and bought it , thinking that I would probably love it . However , I was wrong . This is just another one of those boring movies featuring adorable animals that serve as the highlight of the entire film , but eventually over time their endearing qualities gradually start to recede in your opinion , leaving you to mindlessly sit through the remainder of the film . Not only that , but the fawn barely appears in the second episode on this DVD -LRB- only two cartoons are featured -RRB- , and the cartoons are so old that you can hardly understand a word that anybody is saying .
 I really liked the book , that is why I got this DVD . Big mistake . The acting is so bad , it reminds me of those cheesy after school specials where it seems like they just pulled people off the streets and said `` here 's the script , do the best you can '' . I have several of Mary Higgins Clark 's DVDs . It is pretty much hit and miss as to whether or not the acting will be good or not . You 're better off renting them .
 What 's the deal , slipping the fullscreen version of Stuart Little in with the widescreen version of Stuart Little 2 and mislabeling the package ?! A 4:3 aspect ratio film should NOT be called a `` Deluxe Version '' when there is a 16:9 version available . I feel very deceived/taken by this , and am docking these otherwise cute movies 2 full stars for Studio Stupidity .
 As has been noted by other reviews , this Stuart Little 2-Pack only contains a Fullscreen format for the original film . A few years ago , it was issued in a wonderful `` Collector 's Series '' widescreen disc with just about everything that is included on the `` Deluxe Edition '' -LRB- save a promo or two for the sequel -RRB- . It 's out-of-print now , but you should still be able to track it down , and it is worth it . Remember , you want `` Collector 's Series '' , NOT `` Deluxe Edition . `` As for the movies , well , both are fun . The original is undoubtedly superior , as it 's entirely enveloping for young and old alike , with a mix of heartwarming drama and some witty humor . Michael J. Fox is perfectly cast as Stuart , the little mouse with a big heart and a big family . His adventures in New York City are handled with fairy-tale treatment , that also , seems appropriate.The sequel feels a little too formulaic , while not remaining entirely true to the first film at the same time . Overall , it does n't work as well as the original , but it 's very entertaining all the same , and James Woods voices the villain like only he can -LRB- his recent resume illustrates that this role is a forte -RRB- . `` Stuart Little 2 '' contains both Widescreen and Fullscreen on its only release , but you 'll want to pass this 2-pack and get the `` Collector 's Series '' -LRB- Widescreen -RRB- for the original `` Stuart Little . '' -LRB- Rating applies to the DVD 2-Pack . -RRB-
 Adoptive parents should be aware of the problematic aspects of this movie for kids who were adopted . When Stuart 's biological parents arrive on the scene and announce that they want Stuart back , his adoptive parents hand him over , no questions asked . There is no sense that adoption is permanent . If your adopted child sees this movie , be prepared to discuss it afterwards and assure your child this would never happen in real life .
 My rating is for Amazon , not the product . I placed this order and just received a mail that it is not available . Why is the availability not updated ? I still see it being available now . Very disappointing
 Then you here you . `` Video Violence '' is one of those movies that are so poorly made than any attempt to elevate it beyond junk would be unrealistic.However , it 's quite a different story when you write a review on something like this and say that this is `` classic junk !!! '' -LRB- which it is -RRB- . Director Gary Cohen made himself a winner of a trashy flick -LRB- I never heard of it till years later and with most OOP flicks this one is probably best left unfound -RRB- . The story itself is just a setup for gore , trash and brief nude scenes setup to entice the viewer . Just think of a very cheap porno movie and you know what production values to expect.The story is about a couple -LRB- not really bright as seen by the * ahem * `` twist '' ending -RRB- that stumbles upon a town 's secret ... which I wo n't spoil . I 'll just say that it centers around the production of snuff movies.The acting is poor , very poor . Even if these guys had looked at the script ahead of the time , it would n't have changed their performance !!! Of course all this adds to novelty of junk films like this . You love to see how bad they are and thus put them in the classic category of `` it 's so bad , it 's good '' . I will say though that the villians in this flick are disgusting and horrendous and to an extent lifelike of what you would find in the minds of any serial killer . If this was a movie produced on a Hollywood budget with big name actors -LRB- think Vacancy -RRB- , then a movie like this would have gotten more attention.I heard there is a DVD release , but I would n't spend a dime on it . For me this is one of those flicks that are at best worth a buck or two and you save them for those special times when you and your buddies are kicking back but not a flick that you would spend money on . The movie has memorable lines at well ... including one cameraman who mutters `` did I miss anything '' when he wants to know if he miss any gore that did n't get caught on film.Anyhow , worth a rent for a laugh but nothing more unless you 're really into this kind of flicks .
 movies are okay but the video quality is poor.Is this a legit DVD or black market?They are watchable ... but grainy.I guess you get what you pay for .
 When you see a movie collection with Colin Firth , Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett on the front cover -LRB- plus Hugh Grant , Jeremy Northam , etc. -RRB- , you just assume it will be good . Well , it is n't . It 's marketing . I already owned an Ideal Husband -LRB- on VHS -RRB- so saw it was in this DVD collection and assumed the other films would be similar quality . They are not . I own almost every Jane Austen and period movie ever made and love that genre and usually love British cinema , BBC , etc. ; however , the only good films out of this 8-movie collection are An Ideal Husband -LRB- excellent , 4.5 stars , really fun movie about politics , love , forgiveness , second chances , etc. -RRB- and Her Majesty Mrs. Brown -LRB- 3.5 stars -RRB- about Queen Victoria mourning her husband 's loss and the Scottish servant who helps her move past her loss . I could n't even get through the rest of the films -- A Month by the Lake was incredibly boring and pointless with Vanessa Redgrave as an older lady chasing an older man who was flirting with a young nanny -LRB- Uma Thurman -RRB- and the same basic thing kept happening over and over again -- I had to force myself to watch it . My Life So Far was crass , with an awful performance by Colin Firth as a second-rate , eccentric husband flirting with his brother 's wife while his young son looks at naked lady pictures . The Englishman who went up the Hill is okay -LRB- 3 stars -RRB- as it 's kind of interesting that a town would put dirt on a hill so it gets taller and can be called a mountain , but most of these movies are n't even the kind I would watch if they were on TV -LRB- definitely would n't buy or watch again -RRB- . I have n't watched the others yet -- Restoration , Sweet Revenge or Tom & VIV , so maybe one of those will be good but I 'm not expecting much . So far , only 2 of the 8 were worth having . At the price , it 's worth buying the set only for An Ideal Husband and Her Majesty , Mrs. Brown unless you can get An Ideal Husband by itself for less . Again , not sure why these films are &#34; acclaimed &#34; as most of them seem pretty poor .
 What a shame that these are considered to be &#34; acclaimed films &#34; . . while the color , design , etc was fine-I was . Surprised that these fine actors would choose to act in such features.To be honest , I must admit . That I was unable to bring myself to finish viewing them all , it went from bad to worse
 But I had already seen some of this movie on Netflix , and did not realize until I had purchased this movie
 Being a collector of period pieces , I have never watched a collection with such aweful picture quality . Do not buy this collection if you want mediocre or good quality viewing .
 We 've watched three of the eight and find them hard going . I thought they would be historical but have found the plots to be mundane and predictable . Maybe the others will be better .
 have not seen them all but several so far are trash and the others so-so . would not see them again or recommend them to anyone .
 This is the only film I have watched so far . This is not up to the usual British Cinema quality either in acting or content . I did n't watch to the end . Once he found himself tied up in bed I turned it off .
 Of the 8 movies I only liked 2 . It was a good price even if I only watch the 2 .
 Paying about $ 16 for this collection of 8 films could have been a great buy . I have traveled to UK enough to know that the British people are generally quite polite , polished , reserved , and mannered . With the exception of The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill and Came Down A Mountain -LRB- the only redeeming film in this collection ; Hugh Grant portrays the real British style well -RRB- the makers of the other 7 have obviously visited Hollywood too many times and have drunk their Kool-Aid . The courseness , vulgarity , even offensiveness in dumbed-down run-on dialogue , babbling idiotic nonsense , and lack of plausible plot is not up to the usual British polish . The 7 films that lack class and levity of the usual British approach obviously came from the hog-pen of the U.S. cinema trough .
 These movies were overall not that good for me . i had 2 of them already and did n't enjoy the others
 You would have NO idea reading the description , and looking at the picture on the front , but most of these movies have a rating of PG-13 , and there 's even an R !!! They are mostly about sex , sensuality , and the like.Yuck . I bought this because my daughter likes the historical movies like Pride & Prejudice and Emma , etc. . . These are NOT the same . I threw the set away without even opening it . The ratings are on the back . They should be written on the page .
 I was surprised to find that none of the films have English Subtitles or closed captioning , even though when I look at single DVD 's of the individual movies , they do have closed captioning . Useless to me .
 Be aware that while the best known of these is sweet PG rated film and one is listed as Dove approved , others are PG-13 & R rated and filled with nudity and crudity . A disappointment .
 In 2003 Swedish film legend Ingmar Bergman made his last film ever - although he 's said that before , some two decades after his prior farewell to film with Fanny And Alexander . He should have never come back after that valedictory , for his effort , Saraband , a supposed sequel to his 1973 Swedish television smash Scenes From A Marriage , is a bad film - the worst I 've yet to see from Bergman , and a bad film by any measure . His other ` bad ' films , Cries And Whispers and The Serpent 's Egg , at least had some redeeming features , as the former was overall , a good solid film , while the latter showed some potential near the end . Saraband , by contrast , is an utter void , and takes all of Bergman 's worst tendencies , shoves them all together in one film , recycles the worst parts of a half dozen other of his films , and the concoction is godawful , starting with the abysmal writing . I believe Ingmar Bergman , as a screenwriter , had a strong claim to being the greatest published writer of the 20th Century . Period . But , this work is bad , really bad , not only as a screenplay and a film , but most especially as a sequel to the great Scenes From A Marriage . And it starts with the bad writing.First off , before I delve into that , however , all the major critics are wrong about this film - in their qualitative assessment as well as its ties to Scenes From A Marriage . This is in no way shape nor form a sequel to that film because the two older lead characters , Johan and Marianne -LRB- Erland Josephson and Liv Ullman -RRB- , while sharing superficial qualities in common with the earlier film 's qualities , are clearly not the same characters , just as one has to posit that the characters in the tv miniseries version and the shorter film version of Scenes From A Marriage are different characters because they do not go through the exact same things , and key plot elements in one are not in the other . Think of them as parallel universes with slight differences . That contemporary critics miss the obvious in their arts reviews no longer astounds me , it only saddens me . There are too many key differences , however , to be overlooked . If that is so , then the two main characters in this film are even farther removed from the Scenes From A Marriage universe . Yes , they have the same first names , are a divorced couple , and had two daughters together , split up over Johan 's similarly named lover - Paula , and work in similar professions to their younger doppelgangers , but all other similarities end there ... . What made Scenes From A Marriage a great film was its writing , alone , and that Bergman never condescended . He let his viewers fill in the blanks they knew of from their own lives to background the scenes he showed within . In this film Bergman does not trust his audience , and condescends relentlessly . This is the sort of film that any producer worth their salt should have nixed , for it is an embarrassment to both them and to a great artist who is manifestly past his prime . Real greatness is knowing both what art to create and how , and what art to just leave in the bad idea pile . Bergman manifestly has lost that ability to discern , and this film 's greatest flaw is , indeed , that it was ever made . It showcases all of his prior worst tendencies without a dram of his former redeeming greatness . It is forced , overwrought , trite , poorly written and acted , and just plain dull . Bergman leaves no melodramatic angles unused , and all to poor effect - death , suicide , insanity , incest ; even Henrik 's supposed life or death weighing on his abused daughter . Bergman has , like a child , finally ripped the zit off his face that was annoying him so long , and , with the pimple off , exposed a good deal of the red pulpy flesh beneath , and it ai n't pretty!As for the DVD features , there are only a few trailers , a long making of featurette that , unfortunately , is not well structured nor insightful , and the DVD is not dubbed . It only is subtitled , albeit in crisp gold lettering . Saraband is an unfortunate end to one of the greatest careers in human arts , but worst of all shows the utter bankruptcy of most contemporary arts criticism , in that the critics too often excuse what an art lacks as if it has it in full , merely because of the artist 's prior works or reputation . By allowing great artists ' bad work a pass it sets up a precedent , so that the critic is not singled out for having shamed themselves by ` attacking ' a master , that tells lesser artists that they do not have to strive either , and thus the downward cycle starts , and society ends up with reams of rotting garbage as bad art , and no one willing to pinpoint the stench . Welcome to the 21st Century world of art , and be thankful last century 's Ingmar Bergman never had to deal with it , lest many of his greatest works would have never been made !
 It 's all been done before but with talented actors . This movie should only be shown in acting school
 This would be the worst van dam movie I ever seen not a good plot . I am used to so much more from van dam that this movie was disappointing
 2.5 Stars because the action scenes are great , but the plot is simplistic and the semblance at drama pathetic , with irritating stabs of shallow sentimentalism and worn cliche . Worth renting but not worth buying unless you want good action shots and are a Van Damme fanatic . I will sell my DVD if I can . A previous review compares this to Glory , but I consider the comparison far-fetched , unless action is the sole criteria .
 LegionnAire is really good but there is to much acting in it , it has really good action . Van Damme should stick with doing Katate movies not acting movies
 The beginning of the film is nothing more than a hurried attempt to get Van Damme to the Foreign Legion where the real story and action begins , right ? Unfortunately , the rest of the film is nothing more that a snoozefest ripoff of other war movies . At least Van Damme did n't do the splits in this movie . Then again , that might have given the film a memorable momement .
 It is hard to describe why legionaire is as horrible as it is . A frightfully awesome mix of unrealistic fight scenes , tragically overdramatic acting , and a plot that is just undescribebly pointless.Van Damme 's acting is way overdramatic to the point of being laughable . His crying fit after some guy he barely knew died were punctuated by `` HE WAS A LEGIONAIRE '' in his cheesy french accent.One of the villians in the pointless plot is apparently a cruel officer in this legion . Apparently , this guy likes to torture his men and leave them to die . He also likes to punish them for making the RIGHT decesions , while he makes horrible blunders left and right . What I do n't understand is why this person dissapears into thin air soon after we learn about his character . I mean , this plot is just horrible . Lets go on to a better example.Another of Van Dammes buddies is sent out for some ungodly stupid mission , that we all know will fail no matter what . Van Damme and this character open up a stupid , overdramatic scene about how they love eachother or something , and this guy goes off on his way . Well not really , since he is shown being tortured by the rifs the next day , and for some reason Van Damme shoots him . Of course the movie wanted it to be clear that Van Damme puts him out of his misery , but it was just such a idiotic situation where Van Damme could have attempted to save him based on his superhuman marsmanship and physical strength as portrayed in this movie.One final thing , Can someone explain to me how a human being can shoot a gatling gun with great accuracy while standing up and holding it , not to mention this person has apparently just suffered a long march through the desert.I really ca n't continue , as I will have flashbacks of this movie and will be disgusted to the point of nausea.One look at the damn DVD cover and you can see what a cheesy , overdramatic , `` epic '' with a pointless plot this movie is.Van Damme should stick to what he does best , fake being a martial artist . .
 This movie is the worst Van Damme movie I have ever seen in my entire life . I found myself drifting in and out of deep sleeps while I was watching this boring film . Please , do not waste your time or money in renting or buying this movie . It has only one `` Van Damme '' style fight scene throughout the whole movie . Not his best , his worst .
 VAn Damme 's movies were going nowhere , each one worser than the last one ... Then a good idea came up
 this is one of the most boring movies I have ever seen ! And definitly van Damme worst ever!The only reason I normally watch his films for is his fighting ability ... but there 's like no fighting in this one ... and the rest of the action is nothing special ... and this is n't even the worst part of the movie ... the worst is the sotry it has to it ... very pathetic altogether ... skip this one !
 Jean-Claude Van Damme needs to stay direct-to-tape after this slow , drawn out movie . He joins the French legion after he does n't take a fall for a couple of gangsters . Ludicrous piece of film-making which never surfaces and grabs the audience 's attention . Van Damme has never really made a good action movie and he needs to go down in history as one of the worst action stars to ever hit Hollywood .
 There is no close caption to the movie , and it is very boring , due to not understanding what is going on without close caption . Remeber there are 21 million deaf and/or hard of hearing people in U.S.A. that depends on close caption . If ypu cut our close caption off , then the rating falls way down .
 Although `` Run , Lola , Run '' is off-beat , has some nice camera work and a few impressive images , I could not develop any interest in any of the characters . Lola 's extreme red hair and goofy outfit -LRB- blue tank top , white bra straps , turquoise pants , and black Doc Martin boots of all things -RRB- were distracting . The `` driving music beat '' -LRB- or however it was described -RRB- , was fairly boring and repetitive.The commentary was only slightly more interesting than the movie . The two participants of writer/director Tom and lead actress Franka were a couple at the time , which accounts for the mutual admiration society feel of the commentary.There may have been a good idea for a movie here , but I could not find it . Close to being the least watchable movie -LRB- `` Lost and Delirious '' , `` The Smokers '' , `` Black and White '' and `` Armageddon '' -RRB- . I nearly dozed off both times.I give the movie two stars for effort and concept , but I advise you to ... `` Run Away , Run ''
 My 16 year old daughter told me this film changed her life . I 'm getting her into therapy soon . I suppose that as a study in film making techniques and creativity this film breaks some novel ground . Aside from that the characters held no interest for me , a 47 year old . The overdone running scenes comprise about 50 % of what is a rather short-running film to begin with . Decent Dolby 5.1 effects . Look for something else !
 I dont see what the BFD was about this movie . I mean , yeah she looks cool and they do drugs , yay . I thought the experimental `` and then '' parts were kinda cool . But I just didnt like the movie . I dont think they connected the groundhog day feeling of it all together that well . Or obviously . This was better than the otherGroundhog Dayin how it was maybe an hour shorter . Not for me . And I usually like off beat movies . Just dont be off beat for the sake of being offbeat . I think I might check out the soundtrack though .
 Wake me up when it 's over ! The only reason this movie gets two stars is for it 's look and the excellent way the movie was shot . After that , it 's just boring , repetitive dribble . I like the Hollywood movies better . `` Groundhog 's Day '' is 15 times better than this unimaginative lump of crap .
 All I can say is do n't waste your money !
 If you like thumping , loud , monotonous music , you may like this film better than I did . With all the hungry , talented musicians in the world , I would think this film maker could have found one that could provide decent music.Although I liked Potente in other films , it was difficult for me to find the characters interesting . Maybe I could forgive Lola for being in love , but her boyfriend seemed worthless.Yes , this film showed various futures that could have arisen from a single starting point . That is a good idea for a film , but I just think , in spite of the attempts at originality , the result did not bear fruit . For a more intelligent film about the possibilities arising from a situation , I think Rashomon would be a better way to spend your time .
 I can not believe that people would give this film 5 stars . I forced myself to watch the entire film just because I could not believe that someone would actually recommend this film . Yea it has an interesting twist , but it gets real painful after a while . If you love it , god bless ...
 The meat of the movie is given away by the title . Be prepared to watch Lola do an awful lot of running ... and then some more . American movie critics seem to have a fetish for any movie foreign . Do n't believe the hype ... the plot is not ingenious nor are the direction and production groundbreaking . The basic idea -LRB- Lola has to come up with 100,000 bucks and get it to her distressed boyfriend Manni in 20 minutes or he will be killed -RRB- would have made for an exciting short film , but instead is stretched into an agonizing almost feature length film . The same story plays out three times , with three different endings . The premise is interesting -LRB- not original -RRB-
 It was kind of an interesting film , but I found the music boring and monotonous . Some of you have good points about the technical merits and originality , but I just could not get past the music , so for me it was not enjoyable . If the director and producer both had tin ears , there are millions of cheap , underpaid musicians in the world . Or just leave some of the more obnoxious music out.Germany / Austria has given so much great music to the world
 Also ich finde es ja toll , dass ein deutscher Film in den USA so gut ankommt , aber ich habe ihn bei uns in Deutschland im Kino gesehen und dachte mir `` wie lange rennt die denn noch '' und `` warum rennt die schon wieder '' . Mein Freundin fand den Film aber echt klasse . Von den vier Leuten die wir waren gibt einer 5 Sterne , 2 geben drei Sterne und ich gebe dem Film 2 Sterne . W&uuml;rde ihn mir aber niemals auf DVD oder Video kaufen .
 I do n't think this film is THAT brilliant . Yes , it explores interesting philosophical issues -LRB- for example , Lola 's question to her boyfriend
 This film has some cult following . And I decided to give it a try.Basically , this is just a `` one-idea-film '' that would have made a GREAT short feature . Instead , they stretched it into a feature film.And it is all offensively idiotic .1 - Lola is at home . Her boyfriend calls her and explains his problem
 No spoilers ahead : The story tells of a boyfriend who is in debt . Coming to terms that he will not pay off the debt with only 20 minutes remaining , his girlfriend runs to his aid to try and get the money before time is up . The plot is told three times over to exemplify three different possibilities of what can happen.I 'm almost shocked at the abundant amount of raving reviews for this terrible film . I 'd like to make a fair review based off of the insight and interesting things about the film , but I honestly fail to see any . For this I can only pick at it : The Music
 It made me dizzy , I fell asleep
 I know all opinions are subjective but I do not undertsand what you could find interesting in this movie . The love story is stereotyped . The boyfriend is an idiot -LRB- which makes the girl an even more idiot -RRB- , the soundtrack is exhausting and the plot is non existing . In this type of movie there is MUCH better which has been done . Please ...
 `` What a waste of money ! '' These words demonstrate my exact reaction after watching this movie which I have regrettably purchased on DVD . Excited to have a new DVD player , I bought this DVD after reading the many great reviews about the movie . Now I 'm extremely puzzled . Why so much praise for this flick ? It is anything but interesting
 I did not get it . She is just running and running and again running . No philosophical idea . No point . The movie is telling us the same story in three different versions . Why ? Boring ...
 ok , so u want to know what a bad film is like . yea well dnt watch this one cause u will just fall asleep and still not know the film is about her running and runninga and running and running and u get the picture
 This is one movie where the title makes as much sense as the content . I gave it one star , although Franka deserves five stars for fitness .
 Her pusher boyfriend needs his junk , and his girlfriend missed the connection?Yeah ? So what?Watch him get on the phone to her and freak out . Repeatedly.Just tired of films about drugs and users and that entire scene.Shot in that annoying MTV music-video style.When will directors learn to stop swirling the camera and allow the actors to do what they were hired to do?Not a complicated concept at all , filmmakers . Leave the actors alone . That 's right
 In a single sentence , this is the first time I felt I wasted my money .
 This pic reminds me a bit of Amelie , but much better . Amelie was cutsie and this is an action pic . Unfortunately , the running does get a bit tiresome , though it is interesting for much of its running time .
 This film may have had a tad of art to it but for the most part it looked like a practice RUN for `` Groundhog Day . '' I appreciate the differences but there is nothing unique about this movie . The only pleasure is comparing this to the hundreds of other similar movies -LRB- `` D&eacute;j&agrave; Vu '' , `` Sticky Fingers of Time '' , `` Happy Accidents '' , etc. -RRB- The story is very basic ; boyfriend loses mob money to bum on subway . Girlfriend -LRB- Franka Potente quite hansom if you discount the red hair -RRB- frantic to help must RUN to his rescuer obtaining 100,000 Deutschmarks -LRB- pre-Euro 2002 -RRB- on the way . We are treated to several versions and there could have been more . ----------------------------------------------- This film lends its self well to Blu-ray . And there are a few DVD extras worth watching . Unfortunately they spoke to fast to interpret so I needed the English subtitles . I would have preferred German subtitles then I may have been able to keep up . There is an English soundtrack but much is lost in the translation.The Lives of Others -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 There are so many good things in this movie that I really wish that I could 've liked it more . But , as it is , it felt like the cinematic equivalent of a video game . If you really do want to spend 80 minutes watching some chick running then I 'd suggest waiting for the next Olympics . For a German movie with some depth , rent anything by Fassbinder , Herzog or Wenders .
 I bought the dvd of this movie after I read all those positive feedback from other viewers . However , this is not the type of movie that I 'll be willing to wait for more than a month for viewing . As an overseas buyer , the movie , shipment waiting time , and the cost of buying it all does n't meet my high expectation/anticipation level of the movie . I was expecting something more like `` Le femme Nikita '' not a story of 2 youngsters having three different ending of their problems . The only good thing from this movie , for me , is the music ! Two thumbs up for the music selection ...
 Another superhip , irritatingly kitschy , loud , fast , music-video of a movie , which obviously hopes to inspire the ever-so profound reaction
 I never watched the entire video , I became disenchanted watching this style of German movie making.The use of cartoons takes much away from the story . I do n't think I have patience to watch it againso I will probably trash it .
 The only reason I came across this film was that I was mesmerized by the director 's more recent work , the Perfume . So I thought I 'd check out the rest of his films.Lola gets a call from her boyfriend that he 's lost his crime boss ' money . And the boss is coming to collect it in 20 minutes . So Lola starts running , originally to see her dad who is a banker . And then depending on how fast she can go or whether she gets held up or not , entire lives can work out differently not only for herself but also for people that she bumps into - literally . The movie shows us 3 possible scenarios.The action 's obviously quite fast , because she 's running just about the whole movie , so you are made to feel that things are happening . But it 's all extremely shallow , the thrills and developments are very uninteresting.We are shown fates of people we do not care about at all . This is one of the main flaws of this film . It assumes that the audience will care about strangers . The only guy I cared about in the movie was the homeless fellow , I looove that beard . Even Lola and her boyfriend did n't really move me , though they looked like a lovely couple.The message of the film is also very much irrelevant . That the little choices we make , or even just pure chance , can have big effects on our lives and others ' . No kidding ! Give this guy a Nobel Prize ! But I have a question
 Franka Potente stars in a thrilling , but all together mis-directed new style movie from Germany . The main character in the film , Lola , is forced to make several dramatic and radical feats to help raise thousands of DM 's for her less than appealing boyfriend Manni in order to pay off some gangsters . A radical new approach to directing is taken throughout the film , with heavy emphasis on music and an almost surreal style of split screen action between different characters . An incredible use of different cinematography and angle points is also used , -LRB- Not to mention some usage of animated scenes -RRB- which are also stunning . Unfortunatly for this film , the approach is not enough . The story is often muddled and confusing , and the characters are very briefly outlined . But you have to look at what the movie was made for . The director obviously intended this to be an experiment , he sacrificed the plot in order to try out some new , radical approach to filmaking . Not for everyone , but give it a try if you want something different .
 I see a lot of glowing reviews for this movie and I just do n't get it . It 's not `` deep '' , ingenious , brilliant , or anything else that I 've heard it called . Anyone who thinks this movie is thought provoking probably thinks Barney the dinosaur is a great philospher -LRB- seriously , get an education -RRB- . This is a gimmicky , kitchy film that is a combination of concepts that have all been used before . The funny part is that they were n't great concepts the first time I saw them in other films . But hey , nothing suceeds like excess ... so lets bring it all together and make a really really bad movie !
 This movie does n't even deserve one star . The script was horribly written , and they kept on playing the SAME thing over and over and over again . Little parts changed while they replayed it , but I knew I could n't stand to watch ANOTHER rerun again . I had to watch this movie for German and I 'm certainly not watching it again .
 I give this film 5 stars . This and The Princess and the Warrior are in my top 10 all time favorites.This is less a review than advice to those that may be influenced by the 1 star reviews . The reviewers all tried really hard to sound intelligent while at the same time admitting that they `` do n't get it '' and claim that there was nothing thought provoking.They say that it was just the same thing three times showing three possible results . These reviewers said it themselves - they did n't get it.During the movie the song What a Difference a Day Makes is played both to create atmosphere and to send a message . One of the main points of the movie is to show what a difference precious seconds can make . . Cheers.P.S.Hopefully this sheds some light for the 1 star reviewers as well , but I doubt it .
 Actually this is n't really even a movie , it 's a really long music video . Maybe it 's an advertisement , I do n't know . All I can say is that a good movie requires a few things first and foremost
 This film is based on a single central idea which is n't particularly original in the first place . It tells a story from the point of view of several possible outcomes which provides an interesting way of telling a story though it is very reiterative.The film takes place in a typical mittel-Europa city - probably German - and concerns itself with a very slight plot in which there are multiple outcomes . I wo n't bore you with the detail but suffice to say that unless you like to look at the eponymous Lola -LRB- believe me she 's no oil painting -RRB- running around the streets to get to talk to various people -LRB- has n't she heard of the `` telephone '' or the `` taxi '' ; perhaps the title of the film would n't work well `` Phone Lola Phone '' and `` Ride Lola Ride '' do n't really have the same ring to them , I suppose -RRB- you 'll get pretty bored with this one - especially as it 's telling the same story with a different ending three or four times.As entertainment this is only slighly more interesting than watching paint dry . I 'll give it one more star than the absolute minimum due to it 's interesting effort to try and tell a story in an innovative manner but beyond that there is very little of value here.Give this one a miss despite what the other fawning 5 * reviews here are telling you .
 What happened to the gossip girl that I came to know & love ? Guess thats gone for good now . Season 3 of this show took a major dive . It 's not the same as it used to be & prob will never be again . Unless if they come up with something drastic next season to put this show back in the game . It 's really ashame this was a great show with amazing potential . Now it 's just a bunch of college kids that whine because they do n't want to grow up & are stuck in their hs days . Gossip girl needs a major makeover if it 's gon na last because this show is going downhill fast !
 Ordered this on Amazon and sent me 2 -LRB- CD # 3 -RRB- and no -LRB- cd # 4 -RRB- My daughter 's Christmans present turned out to be terrible . Make sure you check your cd 's if you order these . They do n't send you the whole season but want whole season $ $ $ $ . Bought it from Sold by
 Disk 4 was scratched and so I could n't watch 2 episodes , I tried cleaning the disk but that did n't work . All episodes were on the disks but there was also a disk 6 that had episodes from a different season , so I believe that these are fake .
 I dont get it , this is yet another show of wasted film.What is going on , rich kids , blah.INSTANT STAR on CTV Programming is not.Check INSTANT STAR out on the youtube.If you dont know about INSTANT STAR or Tommy & Jude maybe you should .
 I have to say that I had high hopes for season 3 , but the first 16 episodes were a snooze , and even Chuck and Blair were n't that interesting as a couple , which is probably why couples never last on this show , they dont know how to write people being in a committed relationship so they just wait till they can rip them apart and move on to the next . The stand out episode was The Debarted , for a split second you got to see why this show used to be good . The worst part of the season though were the last six episodes which were depressing , gross , and just overall really really bad . I think it is safe to say Gossip Girl may be past its expiration date . At this point it seems all they are interested in is making sure that every character in the entire cast has slept with each other , and they seem to always be willing to sacrifice character development and plot progression for their stupid OMG moment . I wo n't spoil it but in the finale to this season they built a whole OMG moment around a moment from the pilot and yet did n't have the guts to bring it up in the finale of why this particular moment was OMG , if it had n't been for the pilot the moment would have been as shocking as them having Blair try to be Queen of something , so if they were going to go there then they should have went there fully . As for the characters do we even know why any of these people are friends anymore ? I mean seriously all they do is sleep with each other and do horrible things to each other . As for my favorite couple on the show and the only reason I watch , let me first say I was actually looking forward to the epic kind of angst usually associated with a Chuck and Blair storyline , but what they gave me was the kind of angst that makes you not even want to root for a couple anymore , who wants these types of things in a couples history ? I get that its a TV show and morals are skewed but when it seems that a fictional couple should not be together under any circumstances based on story lines given because you cant see why anything will ever make it right , then it is pretty safe to say you have went too far . The amount of things they put Chuck and Blair through this season was a little too much , and went a little too far in the quest to shock people in my opinion . Chuck and Blair will forever be imbalanced because nothing will ever be as bad as what he did to her in the hotel storyline . As always Leighton Meester and Ed Westwick shine above all the others , but unfortunately even they ca n't save this show anymore .
 I waited weeks and weeks to get my order . They took my money and I still have received my item , money back , or feedback after emailing them nearly two weeks ago . I 'm not ordering from them again .
 I 'm one of the few straight males who enjoys watching this show . I 've literally watched every episode . I currently own seasons 1-4 and I will get season 5 as soon as it goes on sale . Season 3 , however , is the worst season of Gossip Girl . It focused way too much on Jenny and Vanessa , two of my least favorite characters on Gossip Girl . Vanessa dated Dan for the majority of the season , and since she 's a boring character , there was nothing interesting about their relationship . Even the menage a trois episode was n't that interesting . Jenny started wearing that ridiculous raccoon makeup and tried to be the new Blair at Constance . I quickly got tired of her antics . Chuck and Blair dated , but as any real GG fan knows , Chuck 's pursuit of Blair was way more interesting than Chuck actually being with Blair . The only episode I liked was the finale -LRB- `` Last Tango , then Paris '' -RRB- . Season 2 was by far the best season . The first half of season 4 was excellent . Season 5 was pretty good . Do n't get this season .
 Gossip Girl - The Complete First Seasonis the perfect example of a great show to watch . It was guy friendly too . After January 2009 , when the show was heading in to the second half of theGossip Girl
 I am serving the military overseas ai expect delays over stateside deliveries . In this case the product did not arrive and I have contacted the seller through e-mail twice to let them know that the product never arrived . I have never heard back from the seller . Very frustrated .
 I 've already complained twice because I 've bought this product on august 9th , 2010 and I 've never received it . As I 've never got a answer , I 'm writting this comment . WhAT shoud I do ? I 'm waiting for so many months and no answer and no product
 This company sucks . It 's been a lil over a month and never received item . I never got response back from the company after I emailed the 4 + times . I 'm also dissatisfied with Amazon and will never use them as well . All I 've gotten is the run around . I want my money back so I can go on my way
 I ordered this product more than a month ago and still have not received it .
 Not what I expected . Too much acting . Disappointing to say the least . I will not buy the like again . Oh well .
 Do n't get me wrong . These are great episodes to be sure , but why did they put them in a compilation of Christmas episodes . Two of them have virtually nothing to do with Christmas at all . Just because you set a scene in the winter time does not make it a Christmas episode ! The other two mention Christmas only as the jumping off point of their story , but never return to Christmas at all as a topic . No tree , no presents , no Christmas like fiascos . Once again , wonderful episodes , but they do n't belong here .
 Wow , how would you like to own a DVD of 4 Simpsons Xmas episodes ? Even though half of said episodes are utterly NON-Xmas . Even the title of this DVD is wrong as the first was called Christmas with the Simpsons.Included on this DVD is Homer vs. Dignity , Skinner 's Sense of Snow , Dude Where 's My Ranch ? and 'T is the 15th Season . None of these are from the old seasons , so they are all new to DVD . But their not from the best years either . They 're the cynical , classless episodes from recent seasons.Yes , they are funny . But the laughs are incredibly cheap and their targets too easy to hit . For the price , it 's hard to argue NOT getting for a single watch on Xmas eve -LRB- despite the fact only 2 episodes are about Xmas -RRB- , but for misers I 'd wait for the full complete box sets of these later seasons . Crap as they may be.The DVD presents all shows in 1.33:1 fullscreen , as drawn with Dolby 2.0 surround . One brief extra , an animatic , is included .
 Show of hands , how many people want fox to keep churning out these random , pointless , and nauseating so called collections of Simpsons episodes . I am a DIE-HARD Simpsons fan and I have every other season and watch them religiously . However I ca n't see the logic that Fox is using when cranking these out . They already know that we are going to buy the seasons when they come out , but most , if not all , of us want ONLY the seasons . Now I could see these if they had as many episodes as one of the season dvd 's but these are usually only a few and barely enough to even wet the appetite of any Simpson fan . If anything , all Fox is doing is Ticking off a lot of people . Personally I do n't see why It is taking so long to churn out these season collections . Look at the Twilight Zone collections that just came out . They have already released 5 sets of them and they were released at once . Come on Fox if they can take films that old and get them on DVD that quick SO CAN YOU !!! NOTE TO FOX-HURRY UP WITH THE SEASONS .
 I sure hope they change the name of the disc , because ` Christmas 2 ' just does n't sound interesting.Anyway , once again , this is FOX 's attempt to suck more money from Simpsons fans while they 're waiting for the box sets to release . Also , only two of the four episodes on the set are Christmas episode . So with that , this set 's stars deplete . But , these episodes are n't as bad as the ones picked for `` Simpsons Gone Wild , '' so , I 'll cut it some slack and give it two stars . The episodes ? Well , break it down : Homer vs. Dignity -LRB- Season 12 -RRB- : Kwik Synopsis
 Altman has moments . Early in his career , these moments came often
 If you like crappy motivational films that make your employees feel like they are being brainwashed when they watch the videos you present them than Ride The High Places is just what you need . You should be ashamed of yourself if this crap inspired you to do anything in life . Useless video garbage , 18,000,000 thumbs down .
 Escape Under Prssure was one big bore . A group of eighth graders could have written something better.The dialog is just plain stupid . I understand that the writer of this movie has gone back to working for a lawn maintenance company , and is given nothing more complicated than trimming shrubs .
 I 'll make this short . Terrible script with very forgettable acting . How 'd they con Liam Nieson into this one ? Extremely cheesy , not to mention lame , visual effects . It seemed they skimped on the screen writer to waste more money on worthless effects . Very boring sound effects , there 's only so many times I can here a creaky door in 5.1 before I put the mute on . At least it was only a rental , however , it was late so it cost me 6 bucks , what a waste . I 'm glad I did n't blindly pay 20 for this dog .
 The only good thing about this movie are the special effects . The story is poor , and even when it has great artists , they become secondary to the story . It is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen , and it is basically because of the lack of arguments behind the story.After choosing it , my girlfriend banned me for six months of choosing the movie to see togheter . -LRB- And I think I deserved it -RRB-
 Very sad . If you must , rent the ORIGINAL Haunting -- a very good flick . This film suffers from the Hollywood mentality
 This movie does n't scare , it barely entertains and is frustrating to watch capable actors -LRB- Zita Jones and Nelson -RRB- in limited roles.The script is just plan bad , instead of showing realistic traditional ghost the producer decided to go with high dollar unrealistic special effects that are way overdone.I did n't hate the movie , but I was really disapointed .
 The Haunting is incredibly mediocre , even to the point of making you laugh when you should be screaming . The plot is weak , the script is empty , and the acting is subdued . Well , what do you expect from a movie that has Zeta Jones in it ? Actually , the scariest part of the movie is that they did n't allow a good actor who played a bit part -LRB- Bruce Dern -RRB- to be the main character in the film . Trust me , you 've seen this movie a hundred times before . Even The House On Haunted Hill was better than this turkey .
 My girlfriend and I went to see The Haunting and almost walked out . I jumped once in the whole movie . It was slow , the acting was not very good . Do not waste your time with this one ! I would have given this 0 stars but they did not have that option . BORED TO DEATH !
 Not scary , bad acting , boring story ... One star added for some nifty special effects . I really wanted to like this movie , but alas , it was another `` Armageddon . ''
 Once again a remake takes a `` Classic '' film `` The Haunting '' -LRB- the best haunted house movie ever -RRB- and retooled it as an effects driven mess . Did they even watch the original or read the wonderful novel ? Surely not if this is what they came up with . All the subtler aspects of the first are thrown out in favor of the mind numbing CGI effects . The result is one big dud of a `` thriller '' . The cast is good but wasted as the makers seem more intent on showing us what they can do with CGI rather than giving us a true `` chiller '' like the better than ever original was.All in all , not even a nice try !!!
 In 1959 , `` The Haunting of Hill House '' by Shirley Jackson was published . Jackson was one of 20th century America 's greatest writers , and '' ... Hill House '' stands with some of the best of the British ghost stories as one of the finest , most enigmatic and chilling works in this genre.In 1963 , Robert Wise , with an obvious nod to the great low-budget horror films of Jacques Tournier -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , directed the 1st movie version of this film
 Do computer generated things scare you ? They do n't scare me.Do sets scare you ? They do n't scare me either.I understand that studios ca n't make money re-releasing old classics in theatres because of home video but why spend all that money trying to remake or even surpass something that is obviously the sum of its human parts , all of whom you wo n't or ca n't reuse?Isn ' t that like trying to be the first man on the moon - - - - again?Some scriptwriters and directors could make a biscuit and a glass of milk frightening.They used a super computer called talent.Please reboot .
 I was shocked at the fact that such a terrifying and classic story could be butchered so much . This is the new age adaption on Shirly Jacksons `` The Haunting of Hill House '' which scared the hell out of millions of people , through screen and pages . I feel bad even associating this movie with the horror in the pages of the book . Hollywood has truly torn this movie apart . Although the acting and actors were not bad , and the house used for Hill House is incredible , the story itself is very different , straying a bit to far from the original . Maybe this is why they did not use the original name of the book , because it was so different . Who knows ? but I would advise saving your money for a better movie to buy . Keep this flick for a weekend night rent with a friend or loved on , but dont expect to be scared either . Hollywood tried way to hard to make this movie scary that it isnt even chilling , except for a part or two . For a better scare , rent the original `` The Haunting of Hill House '' or read the book `` The Haunting of Hill House '' by Shirly Jackson .
 The original was scary , but this is just an excuse to use special effects . This is n't scary , or funny , and should be on MST3K . Yes this movie is that bad . All the bad things you 've heard about this movie , are truly an understatement to how bad it REALLY IS ! This is ... , and will always be ... . Sorry hollywood , but do n't try again . We are a little harder to scare now . This would scare a 3 year MAYBE ... but even that is giving it to much credit . Skip this and see something else .
 Movie
 Joel Seigel 's review on the front cover of this DVD box says , `` a funhouse of shrieks and screams . '' All I can say is that he must have been referring to the house inside the movie and not the actual movie , because this movie neither made me shriek nor scream . It is a bland , boring , and terrible film right from the start.Why does `` The Haunting '' suffer from `` Episode I '' Syndrome ? Because it does exactly what `` Star Wars Episode I '' did
 When I first saw the preveiw for this movie it looked intriguingly scary . But that all changed when I actually saw it . I found it to be very boring . I was actully waiting to get scared . The preveiw for this movie was scarier.Also , the storyline was exceptionally weak and nearly drowned out by way too many special effects.this movie was just another `` tech show '' .
 Wan na be scared ? Watch this movie , it is horrible . More words would just be a waste here .
 I watched this flick at 1 a.m. Afterwards , I had no trouble falling asleep . When is Hollywood going to realize that showing too much emphasis on visuals makes bad theater ? Overdone , bombastic , predictable , CGI effects . The house looked too much like a gaudy museum with ridiculous fixtures . On the positive side , though , the sound effects were great . The bass notes were very well done , subtle shades of ghostly children whispering and eerie creaky sounds throughout the house were the real jewel in this film .
 In The Haunting a group of people are told they would be paid if they stay in Haunting Hill for one night so a skeptic can prove his point that there is nothing to fear . It is n't long before there are attacks . Such as when the stairs one person is on collapses when he is over a story up , and when a mysterious oversized hand reaches and tries to grab one of the occupants . This movie starts out well because it 's scary like it 's supposed to be and is very unique , but you quickly notice it 's also very repetative .
 This movie , despite having a truly excellent sound design , is just another hokey Hollywood special effects show . Shirley Jackson 's novel , quite possibly the finest haunted house story ever written , is tossed aside in favor of easy to communicate cliches and stock shocks -LRB- I guessed the BIG SURPRISE TWIST ENDING about three minutes into it and was waiting for all the other stupid characters to catch on -RRB- . The worst movie of 1999 belongs in the same company as Golden Turkey winners Orca , the Killer Whale , The Swarm , and Exorcist 2
 Unlike the smart and creepy 1963 original -LRB- of the same title -RRB- or the spine-tingling Shirley Jackson novel -LRB- titled `` The Haunting of Hill House '' -RRB- , Jan De Bont 's brainless thriller `` The Haunting '' beats you mercilessly over the head with great special effects , but leaves you wondering where all the story and logic went . The film 's razzle-dazzle visuals make it somewhat fun , but it 's unescapably a downer .
 THE ORIGINIAL OF THIS MOVIE WAS MUCH BETTER . THE SPECIAL EFFECTS IN THIS REMAKE ARE BETTER-BUT THE PLOT IS NOTHING LIKE THE ORIGINAL .
 I read the book prior to wathching the film . I can only say that I was extremely dissapointed in this film.Not only did the movie insult Shirley Jackson 's classic book , but also made fools of the great actors in the movie . By me saying that the movie made fools of the actors , I mean look at them , Liam neeson , Lili Taylor and Cathrine Zeta Jones , theyre all very talented but all you can do is laugh at them in this movie because the script is terrible and also very over exagerated.Donnot be fooled by this movies name . The occurances of `` hauntings '' in this movie look like they came out of a disney movie.Now the only positive thing I can say about this movie is that it has great visual effects , and does make you say wow when you see the house itself.So think of this movie as disneys rendition of Shirly Jacksons book . And if youd like to see what her book is really about rent the original 1963 classic with Julie Harris and Claire Bloom .
 It takes courage to create comedy these days , particularly when you were n't intending to . What a shame that the talented Liam Neeson 's first film that evokes sustained laughter does so because it 's so bad , it 's funny . Although based upon excellent material , this film slathers on the special effects with such ridiculous excess that the result generates all the intelligent believability of the `` Poltergeist '' films.What the film makers missed here is that the `` Haunting of Hill House '' story is intended to be a study of the effects of believable paranormal phenomena on a set of variously impressionable characters . As such , it requires the creation of scenes which indeed mimic reported paranormal experiences . And since there are just about no known cases of carved cherubs constantly changing facial expressions , or huge cast statues coming to malevolent life -LRB- much less someone getting their head knocked off by ghostly actions -RRB- , the key concept of `` credibility '' is just a bit lacking here , to say the least.In short , if you really want to scare people , it 's going to take more than just a `` Ghostbusters gets serious '' approach . The genesis of a convincing ghostly paranormal environment in which to play out the drama requires a concept completely lacking in this film - subtlety . Any ghost story based upon known reported incidents would build on unexplained sounds , unclear anomalous visions , and the human mind interpreting impressions and feelings . In other words , the exact approach followed by Robert Wise in creating the tremendously superior original 1963 film . The new film seemed to try at first to follow that path , but just could n't keep itself from launching into a crescendo of splashy but totally unconvincing special effects . Toward the end , I 'll admit I was looking for the Stay-Puff marshmallow man to get blown up!Do your self a favor and forget this film , unless you like a perverse belly-laugh . Go out and rent or buy the 1963 film , and see how a fine psychological horror film is really made .
 I ca n't begin to describe how awful and stupid this movie was . I saw the original , I 've read the book and I am truly angry that anyone would do this to a story . I 'm shocked Liam would be in this masterpiece of stupidity , especially since this was supposed to be his last film . There were good actors , trying hard to salvage something . How can you salvage something from nothing ? PLEASE do n't waste anything , especially money on this version of Shirley Jackson 's truly classic story . The book gives me creeps , especially if I read it alone at night . The original movie is still disturbingly real . Just what does walk at Hill House -- well , whatever it is or is n't , I 'm sure we both could agree on one thing . This movie can be summed up very much to the point -- awfully stupid.They should be glad it is n't a crime to waste a movie.I gave it one star since there was n't anything lower , say like , minus 1,000,000 stars , to choose from . Maybe the ` thing ' from Hill House will get this movie and force the makers to watch it for eternity -- insanity sure to ensue and poetic justice !
 Four people are placed in a gigantic mansion as part of a study in fear , but they do n't realize the house is actually haunted . Effects-heavy thriller features a decent beginning and a so-so cast -LRB- Liam Neeson and Catherine Zeta-Jones are fine , Owen Wilson and Lili Taylor are spectacularly awful -RRB- , but eventually falls apart in the last half-hour , with a barrage of cheesy special effects taking over . Add to that the predictability and the sappy conclusion and you have a movie that went from promising to big dud . It might , however , hold appeal to non-horror fans looking for a quick , undisturbing thrills -LRB- and it seems that that was the crowd this movie was aimed at -RRB- . For everyone else , either stick with the original or see House on Haunted Hill for a real coaster ride of a haunted house thriller -LRB- Which also actually features better CGI effects , a surprise considering it only had 1/4 the budget of The Haunting -RRB- .
 This movie personifies everything that is wrong with Hollywood these days . The characters are superficial , the plot anemic , and the special effects vastly overused . Liam Neeson leads a cast of characters who spend a few days in a haunted house to gauge their fear reaction . The house is possessed by the spirit of its builder , who hates kids . That is about it . A terrible remake of the original 1963 classic , which was the best horror film ever made . Get the original , and save your bucks by letting this one sit in the warehouse and rot .
 Okay , if you 're a special effects freak , you might like this . However , there are much better films with equally good effects . If you 're a fan of minor things like say , oh ... plot , character development , etc. , then stay away ! The 1963 Robert Wise film is the scariest film I 've ever seen , and the scares come from what Wise DOES N'T show you . The '63 version was brilliantly plotted and paced , with one of the greatest ending lines in film history . The 1999 version has none of this . Do yourself a favor , and see the '63 movie , or better yet , read the Shirley Jackson novel . The only reason this gets one star is because C. Zeta-Jones is just SO easy on the eyes !
 Only in this , the age of mediocrity , could a piece of rubbish like this get made . Owen Wilson turns in one of the worst performances in recent memory . This was made strictly for the idiots who find MTV worthwhile part of our culture .
 I rented this movie thinking that it would be excellent . I mean why would n't it ? With Jan de Bont directing -LCB- directed the excellent films ` Twister ' and ` Speed ' -RCB- and Liam Neeson -LCB- best known as Jedi Master Qui Gon Jinn in ` Star Wars Episode 1 ' or as Oscar Schindler in the ` Schindler 's List ' -RCB- I was almost positive this film would be excellent . But it 's not , I have n't seen a more pointless and more stupid movie since the awful ` Wing Commander ' that came out last year . Not only did this film have no plot or point was soever but had barely any kills and the even the ones that it did have were so stupid that it my best friend and I spent over half of the movie laughing at it . The people are so dumb , for instance a dulcimer 's strings are coming loose and this woman puts her face right over it so she obivously gets hit by it . Another part was when that idiot blonde guy from ` Anaconda ' screamed near the end `` burn the house down ! '' whenever they were inside of it because they could n't escape ! The only thing that kept me watching this ronchy film were the special effects by Industrial Light and Magic and even a few of the effects were disappointing ! All in all , this definately ranks up in my least favorite movie list ranking even higher that ` Jaws 4 ' which I absolutely hate and yes even ` Life ' as hard as it is to believe . I am very disappointed not only in Jan de Bont but Liam Neeson and Catherine Zeta Jones , not for their performances in or behind the film but for even considering for a split second to read the script let alone perform in it . Do n't buy this movie unless you have suicidal tendances !
 Question
 I 've read `` The Haunting of Hill House '' and consider it among the most overrated ghost stories ever written . It 's painfully boring , rambling and about as frightening as a Barbara Eden Christmas special . The original Robert Wise film , starring Julie Harris and Claire Bloom was more effective than the novel in every way . Despite its `` G '' rating it was a genuinely eerie experience , mainly because it shed the inconsequential and superfluous layers off the novel . Now comes the dreaded remake , with a set so over the top that it makes you ask yourself who in their right mind would have built such a mammoth edifice and why ? The plot was changed considerably -LRB- read excessively -RRB- and the lesbian overtones implied in the Jackson novel are no longer implied , robbing the film of one of its more important facets . The acting is pedestrian , save Lili Taylor who provided her character with some feeling . Liam Neeson seems asleep as the doctor in charge of the experiment in `` insomnia . '' Catherine Zeta-Jones is gorgeous to look at , but that 's about it . Though in Ms. Zeta-Jones defense , I do n't think Maggie Smith or Judi Dench could have made much of the character . The line about the Prada Milan boots was laughable and unnecessary . The script is continuously plagued by ineffectual dialogue and asinine comments that have nothing at all to do with the plot ; case in point , the Milanese boots . The special effects were excessive and garish , as if Jan De Bont meant for them to be the sole reason behind the film . It 's something like , would you like a little plot line to go with your special effects or would that be too distracting ? Not the worse film I 've ever seen , that honor still belongs to `` Plan 9 From Outer Space , '' but a perfect example of Hollywood at its most bloated and trite .
 A truly horrible horror film . Over use of not so special `` special effects '' attempted to divert our attention from the fact that the movie never gained any momentum , and that the characters were never developed or interesting . The only thing that 's scary about this film is that someone actually tried to improve upon a classic horror movie so frightening the memory of which still scares me after 30 years . The other thing that scares me about this movie is the reoccurring memory that I actually paid to see it .
 The effects are pretty well done on computer but they do not succeed in making The Haunting much scarier.Catherine Zeta-Jones is not only acting poorly , she is also a complete misfit in this movie . It 's as if she has just been asked to be in The Haunting because the makers want some chick on the screen . But you do n't even see any of her sexiness in this movie.Furthermore , there are several ridiculous movie mistakes in The Haunting.There are a few relatively scary scenes and even some good laughs here and there . Apart from that , only Lily Taylor 's acting is worth mentioning .
 When I went to see this new version at the local theatre , I did so with great anticipation
 I can not imagine a writer and director so soulless that they could read The Haunting of Hill House and come up with this drek . De Bont should go back to directing thrillers like Speed and Self should stick to comic books .
 Back in the 1960 's , Robert Wise made a movie based on a haunted house story written by Shirley Jackson . That original version of `` The Haunting '' is an excellent film , filled with atmosphere and subtle terrors . It is still considered one of the best haunted house movies ever made.Unfortunately , this late-1990 's remake of `` The Haunting '' , instead of improving on the original , is a disaster . In keeping with many film-makers worst impulses , the makers of this flick have re-written the story to the point that it bears little resemblance to the original . It always amazes me that many movie projects are started based on a literary work , only to be re-written to the point that little resemblance to the original work remains beyond the title . If there is any need to illustrate the wisdom of sticking to the story , the recent success of the first Harry Potter movie and the original `` Jurassic Park '' should be sufficient . Peter Jackson 's `` Lord Of The Rings '' movies looks to be another case in point.This remake of `` The Haunting '' , along with altering the story until it is almost unrecognizable , manages to lose the all of the sublety and atmosphere of the Wise 's movie version , as well . Instead , the viewer is bludgeoned by overdone special effects . Character development has been forgotten , too . The only redeeming aspect is the beautiful sets and a decent performance by Lili Taylor in the role of Nell -LRB- although there 's little of the original Nell left -RRB- . The 1999 version of `` The Haunting '' is weak , and it suffers even more in comparison with the outstanding earlier version . If you want a good haunted house movie , get a copy of the Wise version . It 's great . Avoid this turkey .
 It 's really difficult to make a good movie with bad material . But making a bad movie with good material must be easy -- Jan DeBont proves it with this turkey . Shirley Jackson 's story was a spooky classic . Robert Wise 's B & W version was excellent and one of the scariest movies I 've ever seen . And HE did it without special effects ; just sound , shadows , and camera angles . This movie could have been so much better by relying on the original premise and forgetting all the comic book special effects . Mr. DeBont is proving that he 's better as a technician than a director . Liam Neeson must have lost a bet to go along with this .
 I was really stoked to watch this movie . And I honestly enjoyed the first half of the it - the setup . I love the actors here . The look and feel of the picture was great , dug the vibe . A bunch of strangers come together for an insomnia experiment in a haunted house in New England . The Dr , Liam Neeson has n't told them that he wants to study their reaction to fear . They stay in the house a couple of days and it begins to have an effect on them . Lili Taylor 's charactor in particular.That 's about as far as I can go w/o spoilage . I 'll just say it becomes predictable haunted house story after that . I did n't get the thrills I was expecting . Such interesting characters . Such potential . I 've rarely seen a movie that was such a let down .
 Get this one just to look at the sets and the stunning effects . I would say watch it with the sound off , but some of the sound design is impressive as well . They obviously spent a lot of money making this movie as beautiful as possible ... too bad they could n't make it GOOD.Shirley Jackson 's novel _ The Haunting of Hill House _ is one of my all-time favorites . I re-read it when I heard this movie was coming out , and I was eager to see it . It started well enough . Even though the premise behind the characters being there was changed , and `` that 's not what Hill House is supposed to look like ! '' I was willing to forgive these slight details , especially since Mrs. Dudley speaks a whole paragraph straight out of the book in her scene . I thought `` they 're actually going to do it ! They 're actually going to do a faithful rendition of the book ! `` Nope.When Mrs. Dudley exited screen right , so did any resemblance to the original novel . Hugh Crain 's past , and the reason for the haunting -LRB- left so maddeningly unexplained in the original -RRB- are painfully and meticulously spelled out in an ever-more-stupid story arc that would have made even Barney the Dinosaur snort in derision at its utter childishness . This movie is not smart , it 's not scary . . it does n't even manage to be funny . It comes across as more of an insult , a slap in the face to fans of the original book . The 1963 movie version captured the novel 's atmosphere much better . This version does n't so much trample Shirley Jackson 's grave as dump syrup all over it . Utterly horrible.But it has great production values . You need n't feel ashamed of watching it for that . It 's a great LOOKING movie , and that 's why I was generous enough to give it 2 stars . Definitely worth a rental if you have a few hours to kill and do n't feel like thinking .
 Hollywood reheats a classic , but this cheap serving is hardly very appetizing . This remake throws some heavy morsels of CGI down your throat and will give you indigestion.Same basic story , some people volunteer to stay in an extravagant mansion . This time they are n't told about the house 's dark past . They believe they are part of a study on insomnia . The truth is they are part of a controlled experiment on group fear.Now I thought this was a nice alteration to the story . But unfortunately it starts to get extremely ridiculous . Nothing subtle here , there are plenty of cheap scares -- like ghostly images or moving statues . As it turns out this house is basically a holding cell for dead children 's souls . The evil landlord 's spirit keeps watch over them in this purgatory . Great , a perverted pedaphile ghost.This turns into more of a goofy adventure flick . No spooky atmosphere or mystery . No suspense . No reason to bother .
 Stay away from this putrid piece of decaying mouse droppings ! This is just another fine example of taking a large budget film and creating various computer generated images which look `` COOL '' and write some dialogue and a very weak story line around it . When will people stop being oohed and awed by special effects and appreciate writing content of a movie ? The old Julie Harris movie is so superior , see it ! You will see what a good movie is ! Why remake some a classic with some screenwriter first credit for a movie . I feel the writer rented 20 horror movies , sat and watched them and took notes . `` Hey I like that and that . '' If this film comes anywhere near you , use a crucifix or holy water , anything to save 2 hours of your life !
 This is a travesty , not only of Shirley Jackson 's creepy , intelligent , incomparable `` The Haunting of Hill House '' , but of the original `` The Haunting '' . It 's a ghost story for video-game-addicted morons . I 've lost all respect I may have had for Neeson , Zeta-Jones and Taylor . This will be a permanent blotch on their resumes . If they were smart -LRB- ha ha -RRB- they might want to consider just whiting this one out ! I wo n't apologize for sounding spiteful , either ; when one of this century 's best ` ghost ' stories was turned into an excuse for lots of gimmicky , asinine computer graphics , instead of being crafted into the eerie filmed masterpiece it deserved to be , I was angered and even more disgusted with Hollywood , its crummy formulas and lowest-common-denominator scriptwriting than I ever was before .
 This re-make fails to evoke true terror , trading for easier shocks thanks to easily distinguished CGI effects . Might have worked as an original idea , but being a re-make of a classic movie , itself based on a classic novel , necessitates living up to the original , which this movie did not .
 I 'll admit it was years ago when I had seen part of this movie remake that was SO bad , SO corny , SO awfully un-scary that I could n't even continue to punish myself and barely made it half way through -LRB- and I , a lover of all things spooky ! -RRB- . I do recall however three things about this movie
 1 . This is one of those rare movies where it 's so lame , that I did n't / could n't finish it .2 . This movie is so lame , that spending more time writing a detailed review is a waste of time .
 I must say that I was enchanted by the original 1963 ` The Haunting ' . It was a simply brilliant movie with subtle undertones , wonderful characters , and a rare ` less is more ' mentality to its thrills and chills . But , alas , like with so many old classics , Hollywood feels it has to remake them with big-name actors , over-the-top special effects , etc , etc.This movie replaces all of the spooky charm of the original with in-your-face characters , bad lines ... and , for all its grandiose set-peices it is , frankly , boring.Of course , that 's not to say ` The Haunting ' is the worst movie ever made -- far from it -- but simply that it really has no raison-d'etre . The huanted house concept is n't exactly original ; but , if this film was at all entertaining , I 'd be more than willing to overlook that . Nothing in the horror genre is really all that original anymore , it seems.It is not impossible to enjoy this movie on its own terms . Honestly , if I did n't consider it a blasphomy to the origional version , I probably would have given it 3 stars on its own merits . The cast displays better acting abilities than you 're likely to find in most horror movies , but the special effects are the real star of the show here -- and they are , at times , pretty awful . The ghost had me in stitches.I do n't recommend this movie -- I recommend the old version , for it is a really unique , very pleasing entry in the whole horror genre . Watch the remake if you want to , but do n't be expecting anything fantastic .
 This movie has a promising start ; I liked the re-working of the scene between Eleanore , her sister , and brother-in-law in the beginning because it was the only scene I hated in the original 1963 version . Actually for about the first hour , it was tolerable . But then the special effects kick in and the movie goes downhill . Furthermore , I can think of two scenes where `` get out of the way , stupid ! '' would have applied quite well . I could have done without the effects . I found it particularly confusing that the ghosts of the children were made to resemble the caramelized wood carvings that decorate the mansion . Considering the amount of money spent , the computer effects look cheesy . There was a Disney quality about the ghostly children , sort of like the automations on the `` It 's a Small World '' ride at Disney World . It was just plain silly . This movie was eternal . Hugh Crane 's ghost reached a comical cartoon level as his face sails toward the viewer -- we get a good view of his big bloodshot eyeball . So is this worth seeing ? No . See the original 1963 version instead .
 Okay , this movie may not be nominated for an Oscar for best Movie , or best acting , or not even for FX . However , it is a good movie where you can spend 108 minutes . The critics listed above were too harsh , and I almost did not buy the movie . I am glad I did , and will watch it a few more times . Zeta-Jones is a pretty girl , she has nice outfits in the movie . The haunted hause is nicely decorated , so why not watch it a few more times . Please keep in mind , sometimes movies are for a good pass-time , and this one is one of those .
 along with the new Starwars . It is one of those movies that you want your 8 bucks and 2 hours of your life back afterwards . The plot is lame . The psycho-thriller classic turns a flop & dumb special effects-fest . I recommend `` the Matrix '' `` Taxi Driver -LRB- remastered -RRB- '' etc. for your holiday viewing .
 Is `` The House On Haunted Hill '' so different than `` The Haunting '' ? Both share the same failure . A great old story that can be pictured every year and still make a good THRILLER . But this movie makes it no better than a poor picture!Good actors , good story but not well told with its poor suspense ! The old classic movies with their limited graphics were much more successful !!!
 This was a truly disappointing movie . How could anyone take Liam Neeson and Catherine Zeta-Jones , add great special effects , and end up with a boring movie ? Just awful .
 OK , I have to say that the original movie made in the early 60s is one of my favorites of all time . With very little in the way of special effect and all the crap now available to Hollywood , it manages to be a truly engaging and frightening film.So I had hopes for at least a reasonably good movie , I mean why re-make a great film if you 're not going try to at least make one that is at least half as good ?? Especially with the promise of the great talents of Liam Neeson and Lili Taylor , I expected a lot.What I got was crap . CGI assisted crap . Liam Neeson was sort of not there , and Lili Taylor was NOT good . In fact she was really horrible which was quite disappointing . Her work in other films is wonderful , but it may just be that Sci-fi/Fantasy is really REALLY not where she belongs.All around disappointing . Seriously , DO NOT remake great movies if you can not do any even better job of telling the story ! Its a waste and an annoyance !
 Being a fan of the haunted house genre , when I first saw the teaser trailer in the theater , I was extremely excited . That excitement did n't last long . This movie was a ridiculous remake of one of the classic haunted house films , and I 'd never recommend this . Special effects are not scarry . What you do n't see but know is there is what will make people remember the story and come back time and time again . Rent or buy the original instead , it 's much creepier .
 Some day Lili Taylor will land that role in a film which will show the world what a high-calibre actress she really is . THE HAUNTING is not that film . What a thankless part for Ms. Lili . What a thankless film . The scariest thing about this movie must have been the bill for the c.g.i. effects that the studio received . I mean , the movie had a moment or two of tension , but on the whole , I was bored.There was nothing new here
 I would rather give a positive review to something I like but I must attack this sickening trend . There seems to be a revolt by the new film makers in Hollywood to cast off the achievement of the great directors by remaking their movies into CGI affected trash . The best CGI can be found in commercials so where is the novelty in that ? This film takes unwarranted credit by calling itself `` The Haunting '' in total disregard of it 's 1963 predecessor or Shirley Jackson 's Book ! A total waste of time and talent for the actors . Nothing has been added to improve the plot . In fact a lot of the script that offered an intelligent perspective into the supernatural is lost . If Hollywood has been completely exhausted of originality then why do n't they revive and improve the long list of B films that had good ideas . They failed in credibility because they did not have the budget to rise to their full potential . This is a respectable challenge ! Instead they envy and tarnish the value of accomplished classics by making pointless remakes !
 Crass , vulgar , ridiculous farce of a film that regrettably retains none of the keen psychological portraits in Jackson 's novel . Believe me , I am no stickler for slavish literary adaptations . When changes need to be made for cinematic purposes , I utterly support a director 's choice to do so . Here , however , Jackson 's work is not even on display in spirit ; instead , this juvenile , special effects laden mess is marred by a juvenile screenplay and lousy performances from good actors . Even Liam Neeson publicly declared his utter disgust with this production . If only the filmmakers had taken the Robert Wise film version as inspiration ; it is by no means faultless but is a masterpiece compared to this dreck . Only those folks who adore CGI will appreciate this film , and to them I say `` enjoy . '' To those looking for characters or true chills , try `` The Innocents , '' `` The Changeling , '' `` The Legend of Hell House , '' or the original `` The Haunting '' instead .
 I was expecting a lot out of this movie and I must say I was dissapointed in the presentation . The acting in this movie was mediocre and could have been ALOT better . The final scenes were so corny , I almost burst out laughing in the theatre . With the acting being so bad , the special effects were even worse . Many times they were out of place , and overdone . When are people going to realize that special effects alone do not make a good movie ? I was not scared ONCE during this movie I spent most of the time guessing when the next special effect was goign to happen , and I was almost always right . The special effects themselves were done pretty well , but they hardly ever went along with the movie and like I said before there were too many and drastically overdone . It seems as if the creators had a lot of money to waste on this movie . This movie had so much potential but it fell way short . If you like a movie that focuses on computer animated special effects more than the actual story line , then this movie is definetely for you . For the rest of us that perfer substance first and eye-candy later , then all you should do is rent this movie . It was a waste of my time and I will never even consider watching this again .
 Well , I 'm not sure if it 's the worse movie ever made , what with garbage like `` Wild Wild West '' and `` The Beach '' out there in abundance , but for anyone that saw the original and/or read Shirley Jackson 's book , this is a definite must to avoid . Incoherent , unscary , muddled , wooden acting , and these are the high points . The best part of this movie-and I use the term loosely -- is the house , although the house in the original is still a thousand times creepier . Only Lili Taylor can hold up her head after this train wreck passed off as cinema ; alleged actors Liam Neeson and Catherine Zeta-Jones -LRB- who was obviously preoccupied with planning her fleecing of Mr. Mid-Life Crisis -RRB- go through the motions here , nothing more . And Owen Wilson from `` Bottle Rocket '' ? Well , he tried , but the script , written by Hollywood 's finest , falls flat from scene one . If one hates a good script , good dialogue and good acting , but loves CGI , then this is the movie for you . A painful experience , not unlike root canal without the anestesia . Do yourself a favor and see the original .
 ALL I CAN SAY IS SEE THE ORIGINAL WITH JULIE HARRIS . SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE NEW . THE NEW DEPENDS ON COMPUTER EFFECTS . WHICH WERE PRETTY COOL . BUT DID NOT SAVE THE MOVIE FROM ITS DOWNFALL . ITS LACK OF STORY WAS LAME.NOT SCARY WHAT SO EVER . SEE THE ORIGINAL . YOU WONT BE DISSAPOINTED .
 The wretched mangling of this remake of `` The Haunting '' is not only disappointing , but downright ridiculous . Jan De Bont forsakes even the most minimal character and atmosphere development for overblown -LRB- and all-too-obvious -RRB- CGI effects , resulting in a lot of unintentional laughter , -LRB- especially the ending , which was funnier than most alledged `` comedies '' -RRB- but , unfortunately , not enough to make it a really good `` bad '' movie . As we all know , stories involving the supernatural , and especially `` haunted house '' stories , depend entirely on the establishment of MOOD and the gradual building of suspense , neither of which is ever present here . This is especially glaring because the interior sets of the house are spectacular -LRB- they alone are responsible for the one star in the rating -RRB- ; a wonderfully phantasmagoric mix of all sorts of architectural periods and styles that form a truly creepy and surreal space to be in . In the hands of a more talented director , the use of these sets alone , combined with creative sound design , could have produced a much scarier movie . Watch the original 1963 version to see what I mean . In the end , the most galling thing about the whole mess is the sheer amount of technical talent wasted ; a lot of craftspeople clearly put in a lot of effort to create the film 's look and style , only to have their work denigrated by a weak script , poor storytelling and inept , sloppy direction . Rent it if you must -LRB- just to see the inside of the house -RRB- , but if you 're not concerned with that , buy or rent the original instead , which is still creepy even after all these years .
 I honestly ca n't understand why Zeta-Jones ' badly-scripted part is stealing the show with these reviewers ; her cliched `` liberated woman with just a hint of vulnerability '' part is no more of a highlight than the rest of this awful movie . Bitter , am I ? When the '60s version of a movie has more scares than the '90s version , be very afraid .
 It was funny , bad acting , stupid scripts and over the top special effects ! There was nothing else to do but to laugh at how stupid it was . This movie good be 1 hour shorter if it was n't for all the repeated scences of just looking at the house from the outside . And no , Catherine Zeta Jones did n't save the movie .
 This is not a horror movie - it is an interesting science fiction movie . However , it is a science fiction movie with bad special effects and a bad dialogue . The acting is good , but that just does n't make up for it . I did n't buy this movie - I went to see it once in the theatre , and that was enough for me . If you want a real horror movie , check out The Sixth Sense .
 The Haunting , 1999 filmIt starts with a bird 's eye view of an apartment house . Two women argue over back rent and an inheritance after their mother 's death . `` Its in the will . '' Eleanor , the unmarried daughter , took care of her Mom for 11 years , but the property was split equally . Eleanor reads a newspaper ad for a `` research test subject '' . The Hill House Project will study fear . Can it be an ethical study ? Eleanor 's twenty year old Gremlin arrives with her . -LSB- The heating and cleaning bills for that castle must be enormous ! -RSB- Mrs. Dudley shows her the bedroom , the Red Room . The town is nine miles away . The next guest arrives and tells about herself -LRB- as if seeking approval -RRB- . They inspect the house . The next guest arrives . Dr. Marrow arrives with his assistant . The guests talk about themselves . -LSB- Vulnerability ? -RSB- Dr. Marrow tells about the history of this house.Then a spring breaks and cuts the assistant ! They learn more about the past of this house , a new secret . Luke is startled . Nell is awakened by thumps on the wall . There is another strange noise and cold air . `` It 's over . '' Luke asks if they are ok . Did the plumbing cause the noise ? A window opens and the wind enters . Nell does paper work until something scares her . `` Who wrote that ? '' Nell arises at night and goes to the library . She reads an old ledger book that records deaths . She combs her long hair . Luke suspects a trick . Nell finds an old picture album , then goes to that fireplace . She finds bones in the ash grate ! Who is in the house ? `` None of this is real . '' They learn about the test . Dr. Marrow tries to open the ash grate . Nell sees strange shadows . She sees a strange reflection in the mirror . Are those spirits ? That staircase is shaky , then collapses . -LSB- The stunt double hangs on . -RSB- They ca n't leave the house until the morning . Someone must watch Eleanor . Something happens to Dr. Marrow . Nell sees strange monuments in her room ! The door ca n't be opened at first . Then they ca n't open the locked gate . Where 's Nell ? Eleanor tells about her past . -LSB- Is it true ? -RSB- They run away , doors slam closed . `` He 's not going to let you go . '' -LSB- Huh ? -RSB- Can they get out by the windows ? A pendulum suddenly hits Luke . Ashes blow out of the grate . -LSB- The special effects are aided by dim light . -RSB- The ghost of Hugh Crain appears to them . Nell tells him where to go . Demons take him there . The spirits of the children float in the air . The caretaker arrives in the morning to unlock the gates . `` Did they find out what they wanted to know ? `` This is based on a novel by Shirley Jackson . The credits name the players and the support staff . It seems incredible that a large building would remain vacant for decades . It could be used as a resort hotel , a hospital , or a boarding school , etc. . The taxes would require some commercial use . If left unattended it would decay until it had to be torn down . Watching this movie suggests the story is incredible . When the police find two dead bodies the survivors would have to answer a lot of questions -LRB- as in `` And Then There Were None '' -RRB- . Could that house be used for a `` research project '' if such scary things were going on for years ?
 Director
 I do believe that the studio executives who a -RRB- thought the remake would be a good idea and b -RRB- allowed it to be made the way it was should be forced to work at McDonald 's for the rest of their lives . This movie was laughingly bad - particularly if you 've seen the timeless and still very scary original . Once again Hollywood chooses FX over everything else -LRB- plot , character development , etc. -RRB- . If you are the kind of person who needs to be spoon fed your entertainment - having everything explained to you every step of the way and ca n't believe in it if you do n't see it , you will certainly enjoy this video . If you want to see a classic haunted house story and be scared , then get the original movie with Claire Bloom .
 A glitzy 1999 remake of the classic 1963 film of the same name , with different plot twists and an alternate ending . * Spectacular sets and a star-studded cast make this movie fun to watch . * The weak story line bears little resemblance to the brilliant 1963 movie , also calledThe Haunting . * Cheesy plot twists and some `` good scares '' contribute to the fun . It 's not a thriller , or even a serious movie.Do not expect this movie to show you what real ghosts are like . `` Hill House '' may be a magnificent Hollywood set , but it bears little resemblance to actual haunted houses.If you 're a fan of the terrifying book this movie is based on -LRB- The Haunting of Hill House -LRB- Penguin Classics -RRB- , by Shirley Jackson -RRB- or the original movie , the new story line may be a huge disappointment , too.To put it simply , this is a high-budget , slightly cheesy movie that you 'll watch for laughs and a few `` good scares '' . I loved the sets and I was hopeful when I saw the cast list . However , I just did n't connect with the characters . On the other hand , the special effects were amusing and a few events startled me.There were several moments that I thought , `` No , they are n't really going to do that ... , '' and then -- sure enough -- they did . The reverse psychology of it took me by surprise every time.However , the moralizing conclusion of the movie was too cutesy and predictable . It also dragged on far too long , oblivious to several confusing lapses in logic.This movie is probably worth seeing once , for fun , and a second time to savor the gorgeous sets.Cook up some popcorn , turn down the lights , and expect a few shrieks ... and shrieks of laughter as you and friends watch this somewhat silly movie.Trivia
 This will be referred to as a classic horror in the years ahead ... a classic horrible example of how Hollywood money can destroy a really good story-line . The plot , what there is of it , bears no resemblance to Shirley Jackson 's psychological horror story . It 's scraps of plots which make no sense , and dead-ends . There 's lots of CGI and special effects , which no doubt were supposed to make up for the missing story . They do n't . Nothing here is scary , unless you find the thought of dusting hilariously ugly wooden cherubs frightening.The sets for the house were the best part , being completely bizarre and unreal and therefore worth seeing . Liam Neeson looks like he was blackmailed into taking the part , and Owen Wilson , with a fixed smirk rather like the afore-mentioned wooden cherubs , acts like he 's in a comedy from the get-go . The women , Lili Taylor and Catherine Zeta-Jones , manage a little better considering the material they 're given . Zeta-Jones certainly looks good , colorfully tarty and all that , but is n't given anything to do except wander around looking colorfully tarty . Bruce Dern and Marian Seldes look like they 're having fun hamming it up in their roles as the caretakers , but they were probably just happy they had such small parts . This does n't make it as a `` good '' bad movie , and it would n't really worth the trouble hating , except that it butchered a book that was both scary and intelligent .
 `` The Haunting '' offers a textbook example of what happens when too much money is thrown at an ill-conceived project in the hopes that it will bear fruit . To terrify an audience , a good director needs no more than the ability to recognize and manipulate the power of the human imagination ; the original `` Haunting '' or `` The Blair Witch Project '' come to mind . Jan de Bont , the director of this film , seems to have set out to make an aggressively mediocre movie
 This is another one of these stories in which absolutely nothing can compare to the book . Shirley Jackson 's `` The Haunting of Hill House '' is the most frightening , penetrating ghost story I 've ever read . The only movie that begins to do this story justice is the original black-and-white , `` The Haunting '' , starring Julie Harris -LRB- 1963 -RRB- . The newer version , which I 'm reviewing here , starts off fairly well , actually . The sets are rich and nicely detailed . Catherine Zeta Jones makes a really electric , alluring Theo . Liam Neeson plays a workable Dr. Marrow -LRB- not `` Dr. Marquay '' , as named in the 1963 movie -RRB- . Owen Wilson plays his usual annoying , irritatingly contemporary persona in an obligatory way as Luke , but I 've never been able to take any movie seriously that Wilson 's been in , and horror stories must be taken seriously or they 're undermined to begin with -LRB- he reminds me a lot of Bruce Dern , but at least Dern has a modicum of talent -RRB- . I do n't really remember Lili Taylor as being in much of anything before , and sometimes that works well for a movie , but not this one . The part of Eleanor Vance is that of a very complex , tortured , naive person , and it was played to perfection by Julie Harris -LRB- the '63 version -RRB- , whereas I remember less about the Lili Taylor portrayal of this central character than that of any of the other actors.For all that , the 1st half of this newer version is not bad , but the 2nd half goes downhill rapidly . And in the last 25 % of the movie , the director was intent in pulling out every cliched , hackneyed special effects staple used in every movie about ghosts from `` Poltergeist '' to `` Ghost Busters '' , complete with all the shape-shifting techniques we enjoyed in `` Terminator II '' , and many episodes of `` Deep Space 9 '' . By the year 1999 , these effects just were n't enough to carry a movie anymore , and a special effects-weary audience is n't going to `` drop their popcorn '' over them now . As we all know , good special effects can enhance a movie , but it is rare that it can compensate for a movie that has little else going for it .
 The beginning was pretty decent , more or less following the story of Shirley Jackson 's novel , although the attempt at updating the character 's motives for being in the house was ludicrous . Gone from this film was the subtlety of the original . When reading the book or watching the original movie , the audience -LRB- or reader -RRB- is left wondering whether the story is about a woman going insane or a haunted house claiming a soul . This movie , with admittedly great effects by Phil Tippett , leaves no doubt . There are ghosts in that place , as loud & obvious as the ghosts in the far superior Poltergeist . The house was no longer built with the angles ever so slightly off , but instead merely slapped togather haphazardly . Gone also is the rivalry between the two female leads , and the creepiest part in the book and the original movie is reduced to a single absurd line in this film -LRB- `` who was holding my hand ? '' -RRB- . There is one genuinely scary part of the movie -- when , during some mysterious banging , Lilli Taylor wakes up and addresses her dead mother -LRB- who , while ill , would call to Lilli by banging on the wall . -RRB- It was the one moment which stuck in the imagination . Jan deBont should stick to movies with big guns , that is if he is ever allowed to make another movie . Catherine Zeta-Jones was great to look at & did a whole lot with very , very little . Liam Neeson had no need to care about his performance ; he was in Star Wars
 When I saw the 1963 version of the Haunting , I was 24 and could not sleep well for 3 weeks afterwards . I am now 28 , and saw the new version lately , and could not sleep well afterwards . Not because it was scary , but because this is what modern filmmaking has amounted to.The original is scary , not just because it works more with suggestion and is in black and white , but because we truly feel that the four people in Hill House truly are there . . all alone ... in the night ... in the dark . And it rewards you in the end with a quick flash of -LRB- something ! -RRB- that makes you jump out of your seat.In this 1999 version , the house is full of eyepopping color , fun house like rooms , and four blithering idiots inside . -LRB- If Lili Taylor , whom I usually adore , said one more time that Hugh Crain built this beautiful Hill House for the children to enjoy , I was going to reach into the TV and spook her myself . -RRB- The saving grace of the film are the sets . wonderfully elaborate -LRB- until the house grows eyes and growls with the ferocity of a Hanna Barbera cartoon . Also , try not to laugh when the wooden cherubs contort their mouths into round `` O `` s and say , `` NOOO ! '' You 'll be reminded of Mr Bill from Saturday Night Live . -RRB- I am biased of course , and watched this movie rather mournfully , getting wistful whilst thinkinng of Julie Harris and Claire Bloom . I was not against the idea of a remake in the least ... this has always been a favorite tale of mine since I read Shirley Jackson 's novel . I just wish they 'd relied more on the psychological scares , than the cartoonish ones .
 I saw this when it first hit movie theaters in 1999 and actually fell asleep halfway ! Now , as a horror movie fanatic -LRB- and not someone raised on Freddy and Jason -- I 'm 53 -RRB- , when a movie heralded as `` frightening '' and `` shocking '' knocks me out -LRB- literally -RRB- , I got ta wonder . What was the point of remaking something that 's already so perfect ? The 1963 version hit all the right notes . It was filmed in black and white , had a truly eerie feel , some spine-numbing frights , and enough ambiance to satisfy anyone interested in the macabre . This `` new '' version is just terrible on every level . Where to start ? The cast . I hated -- emphasis on that last word , HATED -- Lili Taylor as Nell . The reviewers here say she 's `` talented , '' but I got ta ask , where ARE they getting such an impression ? Certainly not from this movie , because she 's downright awful ! When Taylor screams -LRB- and she does a LOT of that -RRB- , it sounds like an angry bull in heat , and the sight of her galloping down the hallways bellowing -LRB- again and again , it seems -RRB- are sure to either make you cringe or break out in gales of laughter . As for the rest of the cast , they 're washed out and blah . Owen Wilson does his stoned surfer boy with the crooked nose schtick , Catherine Zeta-Jones is slumming on her way to an Oscar , and Liam Neeson looks so incredibly uncomfortable , like he 's about to have dental surgery . The sets are way overdone , and when the CGI kicks in , the whole kit and kaboodle just collapses . What was suggested in the original is realized in the remake and done up BIG . The `` breathing door '' morphs into a frickin ' house moving and undulating and actually forming faces and claws and whatever . It 's all wacked out nonsense , courtesy of a director with absolutely no style whatsoever.I got ta say , it amazes me that some of you have given this high marks . Either you guys have a low tolerance for horror , or Dreamworks is employing `` plants '' on Amazon to promote this piece of garbage . If you want true haunted house scares , check out the original Haunting , as well as Legend of Hell House , The Changeling , Suspiria , and the original House on Haunted Hill.Oh , and I gave this one star because `` no stars '' is n't an option .
 One review says that this book had the misfortune of being released in the same year as The Blair Witch Project . That 's a misnomer since a successful horror movie usually means more income for the rest of the horror movies in the theaters . A movie that stars Liam Neeson , Owen Wilson , Catherine Zeta Jones and Lily Taylor has no excuse for repelling audiences . No , this movie had the misfortune of Jan De Bont in the director 's chair.I normally do n't compare movies to books . It 's a gut wrenching experience and despite common wisdom , sometimes the movie is just as good and even better than the book -LRB- The Godfather is a prime example of the latter -RRB- . Even if a movie has very little respect for the source material it can still stand on it 's own merits -LRB- Starship Troopers . -RRB- However , this movie has committed a crime so heinous as to warrent the direst condemnation.It shows the ghosts.That might seem like a minor point , but under the guise of `` updating '' the source material Jan De Bont completely ignored what made the source material so compelling in the first place . Shirley Jackson lets the tension build and build because she never intended to resolve it with some easy explanation . By the end of the book , you still do n't know if the house is really haunted but it does n't matter because her protagonist is scary enough -LRB- in her own passive aggressive spiteful way -RRB- . Jan De Bont , seen in the featurette patting himself on the back for `` updating the movie '' , turns the house into a Disneyland ride . It 's like if someone took Superman and went `` ok this is good but instead of flying and having powers , let 's make him not fly or possess super strength and why do n't we have him trying to make it as a Broadway star instead of as a superhero '' . Maybe Jan De Bont can direct The Catcher in the Rye with a Holden Caulfield that does n't talk much , but is full of saccharine good wishes when he does talk.This movie had the production values , the actors and the source material . It could have been a classic like the original . Instead it was a mess . Maybe you can blame the budget . After all , with that much money the temptation to make moving eagle statues would be too much , but even with all that money they could n't erase the taint of De Bont.Read the book . Watch the original . Or watching Kubrick 's The Shining -LRB- which is truer to the Jackson book than this movie ironically -RRB-
 The Haunting is relatively decent in its first 45 minutes . The production design of the Crain Mansion is a sight to behold and the setup looks promising . It 's unfortunate , however , as the film starts to fall apart until it gets absolutely ridiculous in the finale.Dr . David Marrow -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- wants to perform a study on fear . To do this , he plans on pretending he is doing a study on insomnia at the Crain estate , an isolated mansion nine miles from the closest town . The `` test subjects '' that arrive include Eleanor -LRB- Lili Taylor -RRB- , a hard-working woman who has had little success in life ; Theo -LRB- Catherine Zeta-Jones -RRB- , an adventuress and proclaimed bi-sexual ; and Luke -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- , who just plain has sleeping troubles.On the first night in the mansion , they hear thundering sounds , but pass it off as a problem in the plumbing . Then things begin to get more bizarre , as Eleanor sees a skeleton inside the fireplace , that just as soon disappears . That 's when she discovers the secret the house holds and how it connects with her .1999 's other haunted house thriller was far better and scarier , as director Jan De Bont 's The Haunting features only one truly creepy scene , which involves Taylor and what she sees of herself in the mirror . There are n't any even decent jump-in-your-seat shocks that make watching a horror film a more fun experience.Of course , it gets even worse . Now , to be fair , the film was getting rather dull by the 90 minute mark so I was initially entertained by the effects-filled finale . But only initially because it gets positively ridiculous in the last ten minutes , as we find out ghosts like to play hide-and-seek and smash things up real good.The only thing that keeps this film from being truly awful is the cast , and they do their best to keep the film respectable . Liam Neeson delivers the best performance . Catherine Zeta-Jones shows a lot of life , as does Owen Wilson . It 's a pity that Lili Taylor 's performance , which was decent at first , turned into borderline camp by the finale.With nary a true scare in sight , this film is best to be viewed by those who scare easily , special effects fans , or somebody who is a fan of the cast . Everybody else should approach the film cautiously .
 I thought this movie would be something more , but the teaser trailer was far better than the movie ! I understood that it was n't a jump out horror movie , but more of a psychological thriller thing , and still , no good . Maybe the only thing good in it was Catherine Zeta-Jones that neat merry-go-round / mirror room , and the special effects . . I also found the other characters in the movie quiet boring , and the plot confused me until the third time I watched it . But if you like slow-paced movies that eventually end , then this is for you .
 No , no , no ! What went wrong ? Big-budget film with great actors , and what do we get ? A visually appealing film with a completely flat Liam Neeson and a paper-thin storyline . Catherine Zeta Jones tries to charm her way through , but even though she does an okay job , the movie is still bad . Lili Taylor and Owen Wilson also try to add flavour to it all , but can not manage to save the day . All we get is a movie with a few novelties but way too little content . It all seems to be over before it really begins , and nothing really makes much sense . And the eerie mood is almost totally absent . Not a good omen for a `` horror '' movie , is it?I just ca n't believe what went wrong for Neeson . Usually he drags a movie up , not down ! Watch House on Haunted Hill instead , if you 're into `` stuff-some-people-into-a-haunted-house-and-see-if-the-survive '' movies . Then you 'll se how a proper haunting should be : -RRB-
 If you want a good haunted house flick , get something else ... anything else . This film has a pretty set , but no character development , no suspense , no scares , and no point .
 This is the funniest unintentional comedy I 've seen since The Postman . OK , maybe The Postman was funnier , but this movie comes pretty close . What drives me to say this is the oh so spooky ending , or `` Grand Finale , '' as I like to call it . What 's up with movies these days ? I mean , given the fact that the beginning was n't so great either , I did n't expect such a great ending , but I did n't expect such a really bad one either . Lily Tyler -LRB- Is that her name ? -RRB- deserves an Oscar . How many actors could say those lines without laughing , or without revealing a shred of embarassment ? If that does n't justify giving her an Oscar , then I guess I do n't know what does.And to think , I could 've been eating frogs in my palace , or feeding my pet monster , but no ... I had to watch this piece of crap .
 When I heard they were remaking `` The Haunting , '' I was excited . I love the original movie . I thought that with the modern techniques we have , we could make a good movie better.I was wrong . Sitting through this stinker was torture . It was one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . The only thing that 's similar to Shirley Jackson 's novel and the original movie is the name . Want to do something fun ? Go get a root canal . It would be a lot more fun than this movie .
 This has to be the worst movie I have ever seen . It is a disgrace to the classic 1963 version . Not to mention the worst ending I have ever seen . The only things this movie has going for it are the special effects and the house itself even though the house in the 1963 version looked a lot scarier and more sufficating , like it was truely alive . If you get any movie get the original The Haunting .
 This is probably the worst `` horror '' movie I have ever seen ! Do n't see this unless you want to be bored to death !
 This movie is extremely boring . It is not scary at all . I have n't seen House on Haunted Hill but it ca n't possibly be as bad as this . Do n't get it .
 If this movie had been played for more than just cheep thrills , it could have been good . It had an array of good , if not overly impressive , actors , good special effects , and a good basis novel . Unfortunately , the acting skips around from histrionics to casual acceptance where there should be histrionics to just plain silliness . This is a neat movie to watch for some brainless eye-candy , but it really lost a lot of energy in the translation from big-screen to video.And completely unrelated , but the ending scene sounds like an anti-Russian lobbyist . `` I wo n't let you kill any more children , Ukraine ! Go to hell ! ''
 To think of the courage it took hollywood to actualy claim that this was taken from Jackson 's book `` The Haunting of Hill House '' is amazing . I am a big fan of the book and I 'm just writing to tell that there is little simularity 's between the movie and the book . Only the names are the same and 1 five minute scene is taken from the book . The rest is from the imagination of the screenwriter . I would think that if you are going to change that much of a plot , then you should n't be allowed to advertise it as from the book . However , the special effects are amazing , the acting is well done . They should have put another title to it and changed the names of the charecters . Then it could have been there own work . Very disapointing .
 The special effects are the only thing that saved this movie . The characters are shallow , the plot is either non-existant or predictable , and the ending is unbelievable . If you 're interested in this movie , I would recommend the 1963 version instead . It does n't rely so heavily on special effects and in turn has great characterization and plot -LRB- not to mention a more believable setting -RRB- . The DVD takes longer than usual to cue up or did n't work at all in both my players . -LRB- I tried two different discs , same problem . -RRB-
 Sad Sad SadThe waste of talent in this movie is such a sad state of affairs . Catherine Zeta-Jones is a much higher caliber actress , along with Liam Neeson 's lame attempts to make this movie palatable is such a crime ... . almost as if the movies ' set was haunted!The beginning of the movie has so much promise - you feel the backround of the centralized story has promise , you get suckered into the premise this house has to offer - then , and without warning , the silliness begins.It is as if you 've been thrown into an Addams Family reunion - the story line starts to wander , the characters continue to wander , and ideas and solutions pop-up without a warning or explanation ... To say a `` horror '' movie is n't believable almost sounds absurd , but this movie gets you suckered in , then throws you on the floor flat ... This is a definite - do not buy , borrow or rent ! Just wait for cable !
 The newly updated film version of Shirley Jackson 's `` The Haunting of Hill House '' is somewhat acceptable . If your looking for some good effects and a strong character lead , `` The Haunting '' is your cup of tea . For the rest of us who want something scary , `` The Haunting '' was definitely not it . For the first hour of the movie , it 's creepy and fun as we explore the house along with the actors . But as the second half begins to roll , `` The Haunting '' loses steam . If your a person who enjoys the sights and sounds of a high budget film , buy `` The Haunting '' . But for those who want class in their horror flicks , definitely leave this one out of the collection .
 THE MOVIE TAKES SO LONG TO GET INTERESTING YOUR ASLEEP BEFOREYOU KNOW IT.THANK GOD I RENTED THIS !
 The new version of `` The Haunting '' is an overblown hodgepodge which does n't do justice to the original novel . It 's obvious the makers of this film went for the sensationalism route via the use of technology
 This was another one of those movies that mostly had it 's special effects support it . Do n't get me wrong Catherin Zeta-Jones was hot as usual but she needed a bigger role . This movie was good in many ways but not for horror like maybe adventure would have suited it fine but not horror . As a matter of fact I would like to take this opportunity to say that this movie is the least scariest that I have ever seen but still a good storyline goes behind it . So yes this movie would be worth renting .
 The original was better.I mean WAY better . I already had a lot of respect for the original as a neat little 60 's horror flick but this movie made it look even better in comparison . Why did n't they leave it alone ? It did n't help that the original was a classic . But they messed up here . I hardly ever say this , but the effects were overdone -- they did n't make up for the putrid script or lack of scares . There was only one moment when I jumped and that was because everyone else in the theater screamed and scared me . Plenty of people were laughing at parts that were not supposed to be funny -- not a good sign . There was just no excuse for the amazingly stupid line , `` It 's about family ! '' which would make you wince under any circumstances but came at what was supposed to be the climax of the film . The house is supposed to look old , but it is so obvious that it was just created by a set designer or is CGI . Really not very scary . The sound was good , I 'll give it that , but that was about it . The writers obviously just threw in Theo 's character being bisexual because they knew the guys who think Zeta-Jones is hot would get off on it -- unlike the novel , where there is a point to it . Really , see a matinee -- if you really MUST see it , that is , which I do not recommend -- and see it while the theaters are still packed , which makes it more of a thrill ride . All the so called ` scares ' and CGI in this film put together do not even measure up to be 10 % as scary as the scene in the original where Nell thinks Theo is holding her hand in bed but turns on the light to see her friend across the room , who had been asleep in her own bed . I had a bad feeling about this movie when I saw the trailer months ago that featured the tagline `` Some Houses Are Born Bad '' . Should have stuck with my original instincts on this one and saved my time and my 7 + bucks . Do yourself a favor and rent the original instead .
 Though I have a suspicion that this movie will soon become a cult favorite , currently , it is simply one of the most unintentionally hilarious horror movies ever made . The elements -- including the cast , from a pouting , bi-sexual Catherine Zeta-Jones to an achingly sincere Lillian Taylor , and the plot , which takes a classic Shirley Jackson story and actually takes away the terror -- are each so bad that the end result is one of those movies you watch and say -- how did this ever get made ? Redeeming qualities
 No , it 's not as good as the original . But let 's rate it on it 's own merit - hmmm , it has none ! This movie sucks whether you compare it to the original or let it try and stand alone ! One of the worst movies of recent years , it has ridiculous acting -LRB- except for Liam Neeson , but it 's not like he 's good , I do n't know why he did this -RRB- and one of the stupidest plots I have ever seen in my life . This is such a waste , do n't buy it , do n't rent it . This is a terrible movie . Period .
 Movies do n't get much worse than this one , folks . The plot was poor and the acting was terrible . The scene near the beginning with the two ladies prancing around the house was incredibly lame . The filmmakers tried to overcome the shoddy storyline by tossing in some mediocre special effects . If they were intended to be a distraction , they did n't work.I have to admit , my review is based only on the first 30 or so minutes of the movie . That was all I could take before I got up off the couch , rewound the film , and promptly returned to the video store .
 Ugh . Let me start this off by saying I 'm an RABID horror fan and have been for over 20 years - I love ALL types of movies , from the classics to the painfully dull bargain bin selections . I knew when this one came out in theaters , to stay FAR AWAY and not waste my money on the price of admission . A year or so later , I finally caught it on cable and figured , `` Oh , why not , I 'll watch it . '' Bad choice - I lost just about 2 hours of precious time I could have spent picking out bellybutton lint or cleaning my cat 's litterbox . I 'm trying to locate a copy of the book , so I can read it again and see just how badly this Shirley Jackson story was ruined , as my memory of the original is quite fuzzy . All I know is that she must be rolling around in her grave , waiting for a chance to get her hands around the director 's neck.What a steaming pile this movie is ... since when did using CGI become the only way to get `` scares '' out of the audience ? I miss the horror of the 80s , 70s , 60s and so on ... back then , people actually had relatively fresh ideas -LRB- in most cases -RRB- and could execute them in a creative way . Could you imagine if the Exorcist had been done today , by someone fond of CGI ? The actors would n't have had to spend grueling hours in a freezing cold room , with REAL breath rising like steam from their lips - the director could have had the breath drawn in digitally , like in THIS stinker , and the effect would have been absolutely ruined.Bah ... ugly moaning cherubs -LRB- Same moans used over and over too ! Tacky ! -RRB- , horrible cliches , huge old guys and a monstrously large mansion you just KNOW nobody 's lived in - this movie blows . I 'm gon na go watch the ORIGINAL movie from the 60 's now , and I suggest you do the same . Avoid this movie ... it 's a serious waste of perfectly good time AND money if you rent it .
 Awesome special effects , great set , and a group talented actors , but the film did n't reach expectations . The script and story was so bad that not even Entrapment 's Catherine Zeta Jones , and Episode I Liam Neeson could n't save the movie . Sometimes the movie gets interesting vand you get into it , but that 's just a start , the ending messes up the movie .
 If you want a movie with a poor script , poor acting , and poor scares this movie is for you . We were hoping for a scary movie , but instead we came across this comedy . Lili Taylor is horrible as Eleanor , a woman driven to save everyone else who deserved to die for deciding to be in this attempt at a production . Liam Neeson , what were you thinking ?
 Not scary , not original , bad computer fx , bad acting and no suspense ! What a waste of money ...
 What you would expect from a hollywood production . If you LOVE Hollywood , you 'll LOVE this , otherwise go check out something that is actually freaky , I.E. . The Changling or Suspiria .
 I saw the original movie made in 1963 and it was wonderful . I was very anxious for this remake to come out and man was I disappointed !! It was horrible !
 Being a fan of horror movies and having never seen the original 1963 film , I found myself eager to catch this remake , which looked interesting from the theatrical trailer . However , I could have never been more mistaken . THE HAUNTING , with its expensive special effects and large budget , looks more like a ` tamed ' episode from TV 's Goosebumps than an actual feature film . What 's worse is that this incredibly dull chiller lacks what many of these types of films require to work ... chills ! Infact , the only scary thing about this flick is how DreamWorks managed to green-light this expensive dud into production . The paper-thin plot finds a psychological researcher tricking a group of people to staying a night at a haunted mansion in hopes of studying them and their reactions . While the cast seems promising , they are surprisingly wasted ... Neeson especially , with Catherine Zeta Jones offering a pretty face to look at , but nothing more . And surprisingly , I never thought that director Jan DeBont could top the horrendous Speed 2
 This is Jan De Bont ... This film is jan De Bont on drugs . Why would he take a perfectly PERFECT supernatural novel , freak around with it til it made no sense and then film what is , in effect , an expensive `` carnival-level '' spook-house story ? Another example of Hollywood 's fetish with drugs , no doubt . This has NOTHING in common with one of the most superior novels ever written -LRB- on which it CLAIMS to be based -RRB- . I think Jackson ought to come back and haunt De Bont for this travesty . Is THIS what happens when you are apportioned 150 trillion dollars for special effects and 2-cents for screenplay development/scriptwriting ? For the most honest to the book and TRULY chilling version , check out Robert Wise 's 1963 The Haunting which delves into the psychology of all involved
 I guess the part I liked best was where Eleanor discovered that she was related to the ghost haunting the house . It was really believable . Tears came to my eyes it was so touching . Then , when the cherubs on the wall came to life , I was even more moved as there little souls finally were freed to go to heaven . That was really touching . I am just amazed at the screenwriter 's brilliance . And all those special effects ! He was so clever to add those . It must of taken a great deal of intelligence to have everything -- even the ceilings come alive . I feel richer as a human for investing my time in this masterpiece .
 I saw this movie at the cinema and thought it was ok , so I bought it on DVD and found out i could only enjoy it the first time i had seen it . It was boring and the only good bit is the Special Effects ending . I would only recommend this as a rental !
 this movie is so stupid . waste of anybody 's money or time . Not even Catherine Zeta Jones can make it seem worth watching . no parts in the movie were scary at all . In fact , was this a comedy by mistake ?
 It just did n't work . Astounding sets alone ca n't create on-screen chemistry . The story line and performances were weak , and , even worse , I did n't think it was scary ... and was n't that the whole idea ? I left the theatre feeling cheated . This movie was just plain DUMB !
 I 'll admit I rented this movie , for one specific reason . Catherine Zeta-Jones . Sorry , but she could n't do anything to help it out . Are there some interesting special effects sure , but I have seen too many movies to be dazzled by special effects alone . This was a poor imitation of the early Vincent Price black-and-white . I read somewhere that Liam Neeson was embarassed about his performance in Star Wars . What about this one ? The plot was so thin , in the original Vincent Price offers people money for them to stay the night in house if they can brave it ; in this one Liam Neeson tells the people who are insomnia sufferers that he is experimenting on their disordering really masking that it is a experiment on fear . Here 's one of the real kickers about the movie . The main character is Lili Taylor , not Catherine Zeta-Jones or Neeson . I can only imagine this had something to do with the salaries . If you are expecting to see Zeta-Jones all throughout the movie , you wo n't . It is more than a cameo but is definitely a supporting role . If you would rather see Lili than Catherine then you are one in a few , and if Catherine does not even appeal to you then this movie has no redeeming qualities . Stay away .
 I might have enjoyed this movie . But I doubt it ! This flick was terrible ! I had hoped that with all the special effects , this re-make would be able to intensify the creepiness of the 1963 film , or even the original novel by Shirley Jackson . I 've read a lot of horror novels , and `` The Haunting of Hill House '' is one of the few books to give me that delicious `` frisson '' in the middle of the night . The Robert Wise film managed to capture this feeling and make the hair on the back of my arms stand at attention . Sadly , this version did not , largely because , once again , Big Hollywood felt the need to step in and improve the story . The worst line in the film hast to be `` It was always about family . '' Sorry Eleanor , but it was NEVER about family -- it was about a creepy house with a mind of its own . The house was supposed to be the antagonist , not Hugh Crain.In addition to the story flaws , there were some problems with the acting . I usually love Lili Taylor , and I thought she 'd be a perfect Eleanor , but her performance falls a little flat . The same goes for Liam Neeson , from whom I also expected a better performance . Either both of them were having a really rough period , or the fault lies with the script . -LRB- And I 've already harped on that ! -RRB- Catherine Zeta-Jones 's performance did n't really bother me , but maybe that 's because she played the same type of character she always seems to play -LRB- I had this response to her performance in `` High Fidelity '' as well -RRB- . As for Owen Wilson ... well , his nose bothered me . But that 's really more of a personal thing.I am assured by some friends of mine that this is a perfectly enjoyable film if you have n't read the novel , or seen the original film . That is , it 's enjoyable until the ending , which seems to be oversimplified .
 I did n't realize this movie was a comedy when I went to see it , but I did end up laughing through most of it because it was such a piece of garbage !
 The actors in the movie are a great bunch , but when the plot is very weak , you dont get very much . I mean Liam Neeson ! Hes a great actor , but was very weak in this movie . it wasnt scary at all , the the end of the movie was bad . There was maybe one scary part , which was when a fake lookin skeleton popped up and made me jump . That was all . I dont recommend this movie to people who like scary movies , b/c it was a polar opposite .
 I love the original 1963 release of The Haunting , so I ask as other people do about lesser remakes of films , why try to fix what works ? God knows this mess certainly does n't . The 1963 film may have been in black and white , but it was downright bone chilling because of the power of persuasion . This remake reminded me of a tourist attraction in Spring Green , Wisconsin called House on the Rock , except it 's a hell of a lot more entertaining . Bad computerized effects plague this production from start to finish , not to mention marring the characterization and plotline of Shirley Jackson 's wonderful Hill House novel.What Liam Neeson could have been thinking to sign on for this role is beyond me , but they can have goofy old Lily Taylor and Catherine `` Conceita '' Jones . Why do we have to hear her talk about her alternative swinging lifestyle as if we 're too dumb to get it ? When Claire Bloom played the REAL Theo , the roadsigns were more discreet , but we got it . I guess Hollywood thinks we 're too retarded to figure things out on our own without big neon signs flashing the overly obvious.This movie is so bad it 's almost funny , except that it 's amusing only in a bad way . It is too deluged with special effects , lousy dialogue , and an even worse distorted plot to even pass as campy . The only redeeming part of this film was when the annoying Owen Wilson got his goofy looking head decapitated by a swinging stone lion 's head . In the words of 80s metal heads , AWESOME DUDE !!! In other words , do n't watch this movie alone ... at night ... in the dark . In fact , do n't watch it at any other time alone or with anyone else . They 'll think you 've gone barky .
 It 's hard to enjoy this 1999 The Haunting if you 're familiar with the 1959 novel or 1963 film version.In this 1999 film , the characters are nasty and stupid . The scientist tricks his subjects into coming to Hill House -LRB- claiming to study sleep , when in reality he 's studying fear -RRB- , which is an unecessary change to the original plot.There are some gory effects and obvious ghosts . The audience figures out what 's going on early in the film , long before any of the characters . Early on , a ghost child asks Lili Taylor for help . Gee , think maybe some ghost children are in trouble ? She 's not sure.The characters ' responses are stupid and unnatural . One moment they 're expressing affection , the next scene they 're expressing indifference or hate . The average summer camp slasher film features smarter , more realistic characters.Aside from a beautiful set and two gory effects -LRB- including a decapitation -RRB- , there 's not much to recommend this film . See the original 1963 film instead , which had no gore but was through-provoking and scary , with likeable , intriguing characters .
 When I read that Wes Craven was remaking Robert Wise 's brilliant 1963 chiller THE HAUNTING , I cringed . Why remake a film that got it right the first time around ? Then I thought of the audience that the studio had in mind and I had my answer
 I just did n't get anything out of watching this movie . It neither scared or even interested me . The special effects were good , but this movie just did n't work for me . Was n't captivating or that involving . Liam Neeson is a great actor , but even he ca n't do much for The Haunting . There are better movies out there .
 This remake supposedly is based on `` The Haunting of Hill House '' by Shirley Jackson , but there is actually very little of her original novel in this version . In fact , so many things in this over-the-top special-effects fest fly in the face of what Ms. Jackson wrote , it 's an insult to say it 's based on her work.The first film from the 1960 's is one of the best ghost stories ever put on celluloid and is about 90 % true to the original story , which is why it was so good . Special effects are virtually nonexistence in the first film -- and everything that happens is believable , which is why it 's so scary.In this new `` version , '' all the effects are so ridiculous and heavy-handed , I could only laugh ! And the way it ends is just totally not right ! Read the book ! See the first version on film ! Avoid this new one like the plague . -LRB- It 's telling -- as of the today , the DVD of the remake is selling for less than the DVD of the first film ! -RRB-
 This movie proves that hollywood is trying to dismantle every great film from it 's past.Like every movie made today it has tons of stupid special effects , no acting , and a lousyscript . I think of all the hard work Robert Wise did on the original film only to beflushed down the toliet by the no talent crap we have in hollywood today !
 Shirley Jackson 's novel The Haunting of Hill House is the greatest haunted house story ever written , and the 1963 film version is one of the finer examples of the horror genre ever committed to film , but this illegitimate 1999 re-make is a disgrace to the memory of the author , an inferior descendant of the original movie , and an all-around bad -LRB- bad bad bad ! -RRB- motion picture . Alternating between groaningly , achingly terrible and downright silly , 1999 's The Haunting loses its threadbare plot in a special effects quagmire , obliterates any of the greatness it could easily have inherited from this predecessors , fails to make use of the magnificent understated creepiness of the novel , and squanders a talented cast . Not only is it offensive to witness what was done with Shirley Jackson 's work , this is just a rotten waste of time to see .
 A fan of both Jackson 's novel and the 1963 Robert Wise adadptation , I went to this movie expecting it to be underwhelming . It was worse . In fact , it was so bad , I laughed my way through it -LRB- along with the two friends who accompanied me -RRB- . There are so many digital effects that the house seems alive , indeed , but computer geeks set free with a big budget do n't creep me out . They 're just annoying . So is the movie . The house shape-shifts , sighs , moans -- hell , even the door-knocker gets a reaction shot . Zeta-Jones 's leather hipboots manage to out-act her , and Lili Taylor is hilariously bad as Eleanor . -LRB- `` I 've got the save the children ! '' Wha ? -RRB- Liam Neeson is even less interesting than he was in THE PHANTOM MENACE , if that 's possible . Let 's just put it this way
 This is one of the most horrible movies i 've ever seen . It starts off promising with a creepy house and an old story of how the house is haunted . From there it gets worse and worse and worse until the ending , which might be the dumbest ending i 've ever had to sit through . This movie only deserves one star but Catherin Zeta Jones looked very very attractive in the movie -LRB- like always -RRB- and i had to give it an extra star just for her.P.S.what 's up with her and Micheal Douglas , that 's just a shame .
 How any sane , intelligent person -LRB- perhaps that explains it ! -RRB- could recommend this overblown crap-fest is beyond me . Quite posibbly the worst horror movie ever made . Get the original 1963 version or read the classic novel -- BUT , DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS TRAIN WRECK OF A MOVIE !
 I 'm sorry , but I just could n't stay awake to see this complete video . Whenever a cliche ' scare comes up , I fall asleep ... and this was often . I saw the original 60 's version and , sorry , but that one was a snoozer too . I think this story could be phenomenally scary , but the right party has yet to make it.The only really scary thing about this movie is looking like Lily Taylor and having to share the screen with Catherine Zeta-Jones . She 's a Goddess !!
 a decent scare or two during the first 45 minutes , but I can that from my own driving .
 Third grade mentality , third-rate dialog . Not for adults . Egads , I actually bought the DVD . Shame on me .
 Good cast , high budget movie . The movie was supposed to concentrate on a group of 4 people -LRB- all insomniacs -RRB- who were going to stay in an isolated house , to test their reactions to pressure situations.Was it the lack of direction , the lack of story line , or the lack of interest from the actors that led this movie to become a flop ? Watching this movie was a chore . It was about as exciting as `` The Avengers '' . There 's not a lot that can be said , apart from save your money and get a better movie -LRB- The Sixth Sense was made on a cheaper budget & was far more exciting -RRB- .
 If you 've ever seen the original you 'll know that this film is anything but good . The story arc is poor , there is a total lack of character motivation , and the script seems as if they wrote it as they went along . Very little care was paid to the story when bringing this film to the screen . The only care seems to have been for the special effects . I want my two hours back .
 This is the worst film of all time . The only amusement came from making fun of the acting . How they got Liam Neeson and Zeta Jones to be in this movie is incredible . I was looking forward to bathroom breaks so I would miss some of this movie . Total poop !!
 `` The Haunting '' is certainly one of the worst films I 've seen . While it starts off promisingly , the sets and special effects become so mind numbingly overdone that the thread of the original story is lost completely . It is replaced by a story that is not only derivitive and banal , but laugably contrived as well . This movie proves that even with a classic novel and a classic movie , a remake can totally botch its rendering beyond all recognition . Recommended for the film audience that prefers style far above substance .
 I thought this movie was really cheesy . It got so carried away with the special effects , that there was n't enough room for a real story . This new version of `` The Haunting '' was terrible , and it could have been a whole lot better . I do n't reccomend this film to anyone who has seen the original , they would be very dissapointed and frustrated .
 This movie stinks . It 's like watching a WCW Pay per view from that time . This film was ruined by cartoon ghosts , dumb subplots and a Disney-style good vs evil storyline . The acting is not that good . It also has too many pointless cast members & moments . The effects are laughable to the 4th power . The story is childish like See Spot Run . It 's buildup is soo backwards . The worst part is when Owen Wilson gets his head cut off by that lion 's head statue swinging by . I give this film a -0 out of 10 .
 `` The Haunting '' with Julie Harris was so good -- even better for its black and white medium , which enhances the sense of the macabre and general off-kilterness of the set . Why do n't they remake `` The Wizard Of Oz ? '' Now , there 's a picture that could be made MUCH pertier with modern cinematography . The cheap set and old theatre-style acting throw a damper on what 's still is a great universal story .
 The Haunting is a movie originally made in 1963 , based on Shirley Jackson 's novel The Haunting Of Hill House -LRB- 1959 -RRB- . The story is about four paranormal investigators who spend time at Hill House , a 90-year old mansion in New England that is said to be haunted . During their stay , they find out over time that the house really is haunted . The house seems alive and it wants to keep one of the investigators , Eleanor , in the house.Fast forward 36 years to 1999 . A remake was made.I watched this 1999 remake of The Haunting on YouTube from start to finish -LRB- a big thank you to the person who uploaded it -RRB- . I had never seen it before tonight . I definitely was n't missing anything -LRB- except maybe Lili Taylor 's good looks -RRB- . This was a pointless remake of the classic 1963 original and it fails on all levels . Robert Wise got it right in 1963 !!!!!!!!!!!! This 1999 remake ? It 's equivalent to trying to remake The Wizard Of Oz . Better yet , I felt like I was watching an elementary school play called The Haunting , except the actors were adults . Do n't mess with the classics , that 's what I say . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . Too often , the movie makers fall all over themselves when they remake classic movies . But we all know the real motivation behind the remake $ . It 's $ $ $ $ $ . They always say it 's to introduce the young people of today to old classic movies . My philosophy is this
 The only thing in this `` horror '' film that made it was the house and Lili Taylor , Catherine Zeta-Jones , looking good ! , but the story was so forced , it never caught any horror , the special effects were cartoon like , not one bit frighting , the original movie and the short story will scare the pants off you , and why ? , because your mind can conger up all the horror you want , your minds eye will take you to all those dark corners you fear , oh , and another thing that ruined the movie for me is , Owen Wilson , ca n't stand him ! , how he ever got in movies is beyond me ! , ignore this cluttered up movie and go to the original black and white one and get set to be terrified !
 To say I was disappointed in this movie would be an understatement . To classify this as a horror film would be just plain wrong . While it achieves its goal to tell a good story , the chills and thrills just are n't there . I can not recommend this movie to anyone with a serious yen to be scared out of their wits . If you want a real frightening tale , I recomend Rose Red . That 's how a haunted house story should be told .
 On paper , ` The Haunting ' promises to deliver all sorts of traditional horror-flick chills and thrills , and with such a stellar cast , the movie certainly looks like it 's going to deliver . Sadly , in reality , this is not the case , and ` The Haunting ' rapidly descends into a hodgepodge of stilted momentum and out-of-place histrionics.Dr . David Marrow -LRB- Liam Neeson , selling his considerable talent out for a dollar -RRB- has assembled a group of sleep-deprived people in a supposedly haunted house to conduct an experiment in the power of suggestion . Of this group , Nell Vance -LRB- Lili Taylor -RRB- is plagued by sinister forces throughout her stay , and it 's up to Dr. Marrow and his other patients , boho-chic Theo -LRB- Catherine Z-J -RRB- and n'er - do-well playboy Luke -LRB- Owen Wilson -RRB- , to save Nell and themselves from the malevolent spectres haunting the house.None of the cast could be blamed for not doing their level best with a lousy , awkward script . Neeson and Taylor are two of the finest actors working today , and even their portrayals of their own characters come off as insincere and mawkish . Zeta-Jones , an actress of considerable talent , does slightly better in the role of the promiscuous and mysterious Theo , but that 's due mainly to the fact that she physically looks the part . The talents of Owen Wilson , too , are lost in a two-dimensional character , lacking both development and sympathy.The locations , you can tell , were intended to be sweeping and absorbing , and a lot of design and research has clearly gone into making the House the real star of the show . Shame , then , that it looks like some sort of anodyne Disney-Fun thrill house , instead of a brooding mansion harbouring dark secrets . The carved faces of the children look like something out of the Addams Family Household , and the legion rooms and chambers are as unbelievable in number as they are overstated in design . Coupled with some laughable special effects -LRB- doors and porticoes coming together to make faces , the particularly risible end sequence -RRB- the House is merely the lewd , bawdy , amateurish backdrop against which this sad little tale is played out.Direction ? Not really . Jan De Bont is responsible for some of the most directorially-accomplished thrillers of our time -LRB- Speed , Twister , What Lies Beneath -RRB- but has apparently left his thinking cap at home for this one.And to finish , for those of you who may have read the book first , this film lacks any of the subtle psychology or endearing character traits of Shirley Jackson 's classic novel noir . It even goes so far as to change the ending from a melancholy and desolate event to a cheap , tawdry Hollywood-Esque ` Big Bang ' , and by the movie 's end , we 're left wondering exactly what has happened and why we wasted so much time watching ` The Haunting ' at all.A no-brainer of extreme proportions , there are far better examples of this sort of thing available .
 Since this movie had plenty of razzle-dazzle eye candy special-FX , I will not count it as a classic B-movie . Instead , it 's just a tragic failure that 's not even scary with bad acting , boring characters who have absolutely NO character development , and a plot that may sound original at first , but gets REALLY boring later . After reading some of these reviews here , I decided to watch it anyways even if everybody else did n't like it cause I might have . NOPE . I now know what everyone here was talking about . I think that this is the MOST crappiest Haunted House movie in a long time that should have only gotten a straight-to-video release because it 's very dull ! TRUST ME , I know horror movies ! If you 're looking for a good haunted house flick , then watch `` The House On Haunted Hill '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- or `` Thir13een Ghosts '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- because they are at least scary and intelligent !
 It 's just bad . I 've already written one review but I feel its my duty to make everyone avoid this hideous and vile mess at all costs . Rent the original !
 What made the book horrorific/good was not the special effects but the thoughts/feelings of the main characters.The ending was completely destroyed . The writers/director/producer should have stuck closer to the original story and this would have been a much better movie
 A group of people who has sleeping problem are the subject of an experiment by a scientist -LRB- Liam Neeson -RRB- . The experimen takes place in a haunted house . Does n't make any sense to me . The story is bad , the screenplay is bad even all the performers here are bad . This is by far the worst movie by Jan de Bont . Frankly after the first `` Speed '' , all his movies are going down hill and this one hits rock bottom . I am giving it 2 stars for outstanding audio and video quality of the DVD .
 Having read the brilliant novel by Shirley Jackson years ago , having seen the brilliant film by Robert Wise years ago I was very sceptic when I heard that Hollywood would be doing a remake of that horror classic and when I heard that `` Mr.-No-Content-Twister-Jan-De-Bont '' would direct this movie I was even more sceptic . The film turned out to be what I expected it to be . A lot of special effects , simplified story and by no means could that movie capture the feel of the novel or the brilliant adaption by Robert Wise . The actors in Wises ' flic were all together brilliant , in De-Bont 's version only Lily Taylor can sometimes live up to the original film . The original film lived from the `` to-thrill-is-not-to-show '' atmosphere and what made this movie so good were the actors , the music , the camera angles and the cuts - nothing of this is present in this remake , just a bunch of special effects.So my recommendation would be - read the book , watch the movie by Robert Wise but avoid the remake .
 Lousy , poorly adapted film that takes an excellent book and tacks on the lamest , un-scariest , unneeded Hollywood ending . Why ? Just so it could have a happy ending . Terrible ! Terible !
 Shirley Jackson 's `` The Haunting of Hill House '' is a masterpiece of subtle psychological terror . But hey , this is Hollywood -- who needs subtlety when you 've got computer graphics ? An utter waste of a talented cast and a gorgeously sinister set , The Haunting leaves absolutely nothing to the imagination . Its mildly creepy beginning , quickly dissolves into a lot of people running around while things explode and/or do something expensive around them . Likewise , the CGI effects are nifty when they 're scarcely used , but get less and less convincing as they take up more and more of the screen . -LRB- I wo n't even mention the lovable ghost children . -RRB- There is one , only one , good scare in the entire movie . Neeson just mopes , and Zeta-Jones fans may be disappointed that she flirts more with Lili Taylor than anyone else . Taylor herself is wonderful as usual , despite a finale that improbably sets her up as some kind of supernatural Rambo . Owen Wilson injects some much-needed charm and comic relief into the proceedings -- and then a fireplace eats his head . If you want intelligent chills , try `` The Sixth Sense . '' If you want a fun , spooky romp , check out `` Sleepy Hollow . '' Otherwise , buy the book , skip the movie .
 I 've been into horror since I was a wee lad of 4 and my grandparents showed me the original Psycho -LRB- deffinatly a classic -RRB- and have been feeding myself for the past 23 years on any kind of horror I could get my hands on . Now that being said let me say this movie is completly laughable . Those not too discerning about horror movies might find it scary -LRB- My wife deffinatly did , but she has never really watched horror movies period -RRB- . But those who savor and cherish the horror genre will find it best to stay away from this movie . The special effects are wonderful but poorly timed for scare factor , and the ending is completly pitiful and wraps absolutly nothing . The great evil is gone but how the survivors explain any of it to the outside world is totally left off and it is something QUITE noticable . Yyou have to wrap it up when only two people walk out of a house that 5 went in to , and the caretakers basically ask what happened . But do they ? No they just end the movie right there . It leaves a feeling of incompletion to the story , and not the kind of incompletion that lends itself to a sequel . Needless to say if you are NOT a horror buff you 'll probably enjoy it , those who love the genre however should best watch something else .
 This has to be the stupidist movie I have ever seen . The acting is horrible besides Catherine Zeta Jones -LRB- she is excellent -RRB- . But I mean the other girl in there was so dull , 1 word comes to mind when I think about this movie LIFELESS . Cant these producers waste 10 million on a movie that will be eerie or scary , because in my opinion this was just horrible .
 The 1999 remake of `` The Haunting '' is a terrible movie in all respects to put it mildly . In particular , the movie fails miserably in every way in its ability to provoke fear in any audience on any level and douses itself in the absurd . The special effects in this movie are particularly annoying and ridiculous . When I saw this movie at the theatre , I laughed out loud when I saw these stupid little manifestations of paranormal phenomenon and ghosts . This movie is not a horror movie ... it is a comedy , but the problem is that this movie is only a comedy in how terribly pathetic it is.Armed with a horrendous cast and uninteresting characters , the special effects only make the movie that much worse than it could have been . The acting in `` The Haunting '' remake is horrible and that includes Catherine Zeta Jones , not to even go into the fact that the directing of this movie was also very poor . The 1963 original version of `` The Haunting '' was not a good horror movie by any means , but at least it was successful with its ghost story and paranormal theme . Any success from the original version that this remake could have relied was killed by the special effects , poor acting and poor direction . In fact , the strongsuit of the original was that it did leave something for the imagination.In short , the remake is just plain stupid and comes off as a total joke with respect to being a horror movie . Well , this is not a scary movie !!! But , if you are interested in a comical attempt at a horror movie and ghost story then you might like this farce . Sorry if this review is harsh , but the truth is the truth and this movie stinks .
 This movie , supposedly a journey into terror , lulls one off to sleep most of the time . The pace is so slow that I thought the exposition would never end . There was n't one fear producing moment in the entire movie . I believe `` Bambi '' was scarier.This movie is dreadful , especially when one remembers the 1963 version with Julie Harris . I wonder how much money was spent making this dud !
 I can remember when I first saw the preview for this movie when I was at the theater . I thought to myself that this was going to be a good one . The setting seemed so eerie that I figured there was no way that they could screw it up . I was wrong . I tried so desperately to like this movie when I saw it , but I just could n't . The plot is absolutely terrible , as with a equally bad script . They try to overshadow this with some stunning visual effects from Industrial Lights and Magic -LRB- which were stunning -RRB- , but it ca n't make up for something that is n't there . The performances by the leading actress -LRB- the one that plays the great-granddaughter of the original mansion 's owner -RRB- and the lot are really bad , although I am going to put most of the blame here on a bad script . Most ... Also , the ending to this movie seemed so off . Did anyone else get this feeling ? At a few points it almost feels like they cut a few scenes out that caused it to be as disjunct as it was . It left me wondering why I had just wasted my time and money seeing it in the first place . There are many many other horror/suspense movies that beat this one . I suggest you go elsewhere if you have n't seen this movie but are considering to buy it . 1 star for the special effects .
 I just ca n't find the words to tell people how bad this movie is . Knowing Shirley Jacksons brilliant novel and knowing the also brilliant movie by Robert Wise from 1963 I was kind of sceptic when I heard that `` Mr. No-Content '' Jan DeBont would direct a remake of that movie . And believe me , I was not disappointed . They simplified the story -LRB- mabye Hollywood thinks that we , the audience , are too stupid for a psychological ghost story -RRB- . They erased every psychological aspect from the story , which is quite an achievement when you do a movie based on a book that was all about psychology . They miscast all the actors . Especially Liam Neeson was not worth his money - stoically saying his lines like a zombie . They threw in completely useless and childish looking special effects . They built a house which would n't have been built the way it is shown in the movie back in the victorian times . They basically did everything wrong in this movie . When will Hollywood producers learn that real thrills come from the things you DO N'T see -LRB- like shown in Robert Wise 's brilliant adaption of the book -RRB- and not from throwing in hundreds of special effects?Well , this absolutely horrible movie shows us two things
 To sum up this movie takes one word and one word only ... Terrible . If this is your first foray into The Haunting stop now and go back 36 years to the original .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen ! It was absolutly stupid , boring , and a time-waster . The movie seemed to take forever and I could n't wait for it to end . Plus , the ending was absolutely terrible and stupid . The main character in the story was such a bizzare character you really could n't relate to her at all . The other characters were pretty weird too , but they were just funny . The special effects were OK , but it really annoyed me that those stupid statues kept coming to life to make the movie go on and on . There were so many many comedy aspects of this movie that it was hard to tell sometimes whether it was a comedy or a horror movie -LRB- such as the fact that all the characters had problems that were very obvious -RRB- . I do n't know about the old version of this movie , but the new one really sucks .
 I ca n't understand how anyone could get behind such a bad script . Everything is bloated , the original story by Shirley Jackson is unrecognizable , save for the names of the characters and the house . But the one thing that I did learn from this film is that Lili Taylor could play Mary Poppins -- her take on Eleanor is pure saccharine . I gave the film one star , and that was for the set of the house .
 I saw a commercial for this movie . The special effects looked great . I was expecting to see a great action-packed movie . A friend and I anxiously stepped into the theater . The movie started with a little action , but then it was gone . Nothing . That was it . I actually fell asleep during it , something I never did before ! This was one of the STUPIDEST movies I have ever seen in my life . It does n't even deserve one star , but I 've got to give it something . If you think that this looks like a good deal , think again . Your money is worth something much better for the same price .
 This film suffers greatly from having nothing at all to say . The set was grand , but the script was lacking and the actors had nothing to do but make it through to their paychecks . Do n't waste your time .
 I guess the special effects were OK ... . Frankly , however , this was kinda a big disappointment - with fine actors like Neeson and Zeta-Jones you 'd expect more . Rather give this one a skip and go watch the ` Scream ' movies all over again ...
 My review is very simple
 You might like it and you might not.i havent seen the 1960 's version and i bet it 's a whole lot better than this.it depends if your a ghost story fan.if you are , see this .
 This overdone remake of the brilliant 1963 classic is sorely disappointing . If it had been released as an original movie with an original title , it would have worked . The special effects -LRB- though good -RRB- were too much for this movie to bare .
 This was a horride movie . It had some creepy sceans , but the story was flater than paper . This proves that a movie does n't need special effects to be scary . I saw `` The Sixth Sense '' and that was much better -LRB- And more scary -RRB- than this movie . Do n't waste your money .
 Whoever made this misunderstood the word ` scary ' , special effects make you go `` wow '' not `` aarrgghh ! `` Look to the original version .
 This was a bad remake of a really original SCARY movie . This remake focuses on the children trapped in the house . The original movie focused on the house and how scary and evil it was . That was what made it scary . The Haunting remake has ok special effects but some were not needed . Whoever reads this review I do n't really recommend this movie but if you want to waste a couple of bucks go ahead .
 Bad , bad , stupendously awful ! Really bites the big one . That 's probably what Leonard Pinth Garnell -LRB- sp ? -RRB- would have said on the old Sat . Night Live show . What a big disappointment this film was . We are huge fans of the original , and went to see it with high hopes . It seems that most of the rest of the viewers felt the same way ; people were restless , chatting and getting up to get more snacks . When Owen Wilson lost his head , instead of screams , the theater filled with sardonic laughter . Neeson phoned his performance in , Lili Taylor was wasted , and Zeta-Jones , well , as an actress , she is very pretty .
 If you enjoy a decent cast overwhelmed by unnecessary special effects , this is the film for you . The pleasure of Shirley Jackson 's novel is its graceful understatement and its exacting psychological examination of fear . The film has neither of these virtures . Instead , it simply washes over one with all the subtlety of a large bucket of over-sweet jello .
 I was so furious by this piece of trash that I could barely speak . They hijacked Shirley Jackson 's novel and made a mess . The film misses all of the fine characterizations of the novel and just crumples them into cardboard caricatures that you could care less about . The building suspense and the sense of dread are jettisoned for over the top CGI effects and cheap scares . This movie was just an excuse to show off computer generated effects.Too much 90 's psychobabble finds itself in and reduces the end to an Opera episode
 I 'm doing something risky here -- I 'm giving this movie one star and I have n't even seen it . I 'm doing this because the original 1963 movie was not in need of a remake , and nothing in these posts or , more importantly , in any of the professional reviews that came out last summer , has convinced me that I might be even the slightest bit wrong . You ca n't take a previously filmed story , throw money and technical wizardry at it -LRB- not to mention Technicolor -RRB- , and expect to improve on it . And if you tell me that improving on it was n't the intent , then why touch it ? Are filmmakers supposed to do a * worse * job than their predecessors ?
 I was excited about seeing this movie . I really was . It started out like the book , kind of , but of course , like so many movies today , the special effects took over and then we went on the most boring roller coster ride that was ever created . Suddenly , the house was n't just evil , it had to be the actual evil man who inhabited it . Yeah , that was n't in the book . Then it tried to regain our sympathy after it tortured us with stupid special effects by implying that the evil main character was really into killing his child laborers . Sorry , no sympathy here . And then , just for fun , some guy gets his head chopped off for no real reason , a picture comes to life , a door comes to life , a statue comes to life , Elenor goes crazy -- all not scary -- and then these little kid statues say , `` Help me ! Help me ! '' Then somehow , someone becomes the great grand-daughter of the evil guy and she proceeds to not get out of the way when he slams into her , causing severe internal bleeding . Finally , the movie ends and the two people who did n't die WALK out of the main gates , seeming to forget that they had driven there . Anyone who let this movie fool them into believing that it was good has never read the book and is probably way too into special effects for their own good . Even the actors could n't save this . Stick with the book . For being written in the `` olden days '' it still has more horror than this movie could ever produce .
 CRAP!The original Haunting from 1963 has long long been my favourite ghost story ... So I was excited tho needless very apprehensive about this remake . Somehow I knew modern Hollywood would mess it completely up . And they did not disappoint me.Completely changed the whole background and story line . Instead of the subtle and eerie horror ... you get the gore and obvious.Don ' t waste any time on this junk . Of course if you are like the majority of clueless americans ... this might be right up your alley .
 There are 2 good things in this movie - -LRB- 1 -RRB- Bruce Dern , who plays the groundskeeper and who , in about 3 lines and 20 seconds , out-acts everyone else in the film , even though they get hours . Bruce Dern should have been the star of this film . He 's got more talent in his left nostril than the rest of the cast have in their whole bodies . He 's of the old school like Donald Sutherland , and he is squandered in this film . The director is like a prospector who puts the mud in his pocket and leaves the gold behind . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The mansion itself , which is extraordinarily beautiful , but probably only a bunch of sets . Still , it 's lovely.Nothing else in this movie is remotely interesting or frightening . The screenplay reads as if it were written by a junior high student .
 An audience can forgive anything - except having its intelligence insulted , and this movie does that in spades.Director Jan de Bont bounced straight off of one of the worst cinematic bombs in living memory - Speed 2 - to assault the sensibilities of a paying public with the most over-the-top and unbelievably dumb ghost story ever committed to film -LRB- until Stephen King 's Rose Red -RRB- . The film has two things to its credit
 Jan de Bont tackles `` The Haunting '' as less of a remake of Robert Wise 's original 1963 film and more of a fresh adaption of Shirley Jackson 's novel but , unfortunately , de Bont 's film is too literal ; he wants to show us EVERYTHING . The lack of subtly is the undoing of this film . The only thing that the film gets right is in the area of casting with Liam Neeson , Catherine Zeta-Jones , Lili Taylor and Owen Wilson nicely capturing what makes their characters tick.Sometimes what we do n't see is much scary than what we DO see.The DVD looks fine -- the transfer is a bit dated though and would benefit from a sharper , high def transfer . The featurette on the making of the film gives us a good idea as to what the director , cast and writer wanted to achieve but it fails to provide us much information as to WHY they did ' t achieve it although I suspect it is because de Bont had no understanding of what made Robert Wise 's film work so well -- the creepy psychological tension.Perhaps modern film fans will scoff at the original which hints at Theo being a lesbian and the fact that Nell is as haunted as the house itself witout any overwhelming `` horrific '' gore but there 's something to be said for creating a mood vs. showing us every single bit of gore or CGI as most modern horror flicks do .
 This 1999 horror film based on the original `` The Haunting '' , is creepy in some ways , but altogether , it 's not really a great film at all . It has good acting , and the scares and pop-outs are clever -LRB- things that boost my rating from a 1 to a 2 -RRB- , with an ending that is n't perfect , but really can hold the movie from completely falling apart . The film moves slow in the beginning , and it starts to pick the pace soon after , and later has it 's intense ending . The film is OK in some ways , but ultimately becomes more of a fail than a win , but it still is n't horrible . I liked the house and the setting , though . That was cool . The complete storyline was pretty good , also . If you want some innovative horror from 1999 , I suggest you get `` The Blair Witch Project '' .
 Bad , bad , stupendously awful ! Really bites the big one . That 's probably what Leonard Pinth Garnell -LRB- sp ? -RRB- would have said on the old Sat . Night Live show . What a big disappointment this film was . We are huge fans of the original , and went to see it with high hopes . It seems that most of the rest of the viewers felt the same way ; people were restless , chatting and getting up to get more snacks . When Owen Wilson loses his head , instead of screams , the theater filled with sardonic laughter . Neeson phoned his performance in , Lili Taylor was wasted , and Zeta-Jones , well , as an actress , she is very pretty .
 It is in movies like these that I really miss poltergeist , the fog , and the good old scarefests that really knew how to scare.This movie is good , in the beginning , when it all is n't so complex.But then , after that , the story really gets really complex , and instead , about evil being just evil , it is really about some old fartknocker who is some marble short . In the end of the movie , it is just a concept that has swallowed a little bit of its own lunch , and some bad acting as well.No . The effects are so so . But it does n't matter much if you do n't believe in the movie . Trust me , do n't watch this one , its an experience which wo n't be the worst film you 'll ever see . But hardly the best either .
 Liam Neeson is pathetic . Catherine Zeta-Jones is sham . The young boy is boring , though i gave him a pity because he 's killed for no reason . The only thing i was moved by is the girl and her story , her family story ; in fact , the story itself is pretty interesting , so there 's huge disappointment 's waiting for you . Except computer effect there 's almost nothing .
 A group of people are invited to spend a night in a very imposing castle as part of a group experiment not knowing that the real purpose is far more sinister . Apparently , the house has summoned one of the female guests because she is somehow linked to the house 's evil history and she must protect the child ghosts inhabiting the premises from the evil poltergeist who abused them in life and continues to do so in the after life.If you 're heavily impressed by expensive CGI effects , `` The Haunting '' may be the movie for you . If you 're wanting a good old fashioned ghost story with thrills , chills and logic you may want to stay away from this over-worked mess of a horror tale . I had approached `` The Haunting '' with high expectations . After all , it was billed as a chilling excursion into the unknown and several articles published before the film 's release boasted about the elabortate special effects.I would like to first state that I personally think CGI effects are over-rated and over-used . This is specially true in horror movies . I have yet to see a CGI infested horror film that has been able to convince me that what I am seeing on screen is real . It all looks `` cartoon-ish '' and despite the expensive digital images displayed , it looks one dimensional and flat . It may be impressive as a video game but as a horror film it 's unconvincing . Many of today 's younger audience who have grown up with today 's more elaborate and technical FX may not agree with my assessment but I know that many others do . Many of the scenes that were intended to produce chills ending up inspiring laughter instead . There is nothing ghostly about this film . Ghosts are suppose to move objects , break a few windows and say `` BOO ! '' on occasion . All these ghosts do is possess statues . And what 's with the purple hands poking out of the ceiling?Another aspect of the film that I find grating is the lousy script . I usually do n't watch horror movies for Oscar calibre script-writing but since `` The Haunting '' takes itself seriously I have to judge it accordingly . The main character is constantly running around the house yelling `` I wo n't let you harm a child '' ... `` The children need me '' . . yada yada yada . What harm can possibly be done to these kids ? They 're all dead ! Why do they need protecting?The main reason I find this film so irritating is because it could have been so much better . It had all the potential . It had an impressive cast -LRB- Laim Neeson , Catherine Zeta-Jones , Owen Wilson -RRB- , a great budget , a great musical score by Jerry Goldsmith and the location is splendid . The castle has got to be the most elaborate setting ever for a ghost story . But none were utilized to their full potential . The reason this film escapes the dreaded 1 star rating is because despite the film 's cheesiness it still entertains.This banal CGI spectacle is recommended to undiscriminating horror fans under the age of 12 . All others , you might want to think twice or look elsewhere . Aside from a few laughs , you will find nothing more than a mindless hodge-podge of computer trickery . The original film , `` Poltergeist '' , `` The Shining '' and `` The Changeling '' are far better . You might want to give those films a try before you commit 90 minutes of your life to this .
 there are some pretty crappy haunted house movies out there like 1999 's House On Haunted Hill and 2001 's 13 Ghosts , people who find those scary and intelligent should be shot because their a heap of junk . this one is alittle bit above both but the story and characters drop it in some parts . Lili Taylor at the end is horrible but Liam Neeson and Owen Wilson add some spark and some comedy to it especially Wilson and Catherine Zeta Jones is ok as well as the bisexual . strictly a horrible remake done by DeBont after the classic original
 The new version of `` The Haunting '' is an overblown hodgepodge which does n't do justice to the original novel . It 's obvious the makers of this film went for the sensationalism route via the use of technology
 Fans of Shirley Jackson 's classic novel `` The Haunting of Hill House '' will remember that the story had a genuine frisson quality to it , as did the 1963 film starring Julie Harris and Claire Bloom . Those of you who are expecting an improvement in either are going to be sorely disappointed -LRB- as I was -RRB- in this laughable re-make . The gargantuan set was overly done and the producers obviously wasted an AWESOME amount of money on mostly meaningless special effects which , I suspect were meant to give the picture `` shock value '' Liam Neeson gives a lifeless and uninspired performance and Luke Sanderson is ridiculousy portrayed by Owen Wilson . I like Lilli Taylor and think she 's a decent actress , but her playing of Eleanor was not effective , the fault of which lies mainly in the stupidly written script which makes the audience laugh in all the wrong places . There was no `` Great-Grandmother '' in the original story at all and this makes the film ludicrous as does the insinuation that Hugh Crain is beezlebub himself-he was responsible in the torturing souls of God knows HOW many children ? - Implausible and utterly unconvincing , this movie is a sad , sorry filmization of a potentially terrifying story -LRB- it could have been more truly chilling on a quarter of the budget ! -RRB- Grotesquely overblown , poorly acted and written , the movie leaves ASOLUTELY NOTHING to the imagination which any ten-year old knows is where real creepiness begins . Catherine Zeta-Jones 's beauty was the BEST thing in the whole show . Shirley Jackson 's masterpiece deserves better , more THOUGHT OUT treatment than this hodgepodge ; it would help to follow the original story-these new Hollywoodisms STINK ! .
 And not in an acceptable sense of the word!They took an excellent ghost story and tried to do something with it.The problem is that they relied way way way too heavily on special effects . Do n't believe me ? Watch the original . It will have your skin crawling and had very little special effects.Why do they have to try to rework something that is perfect ? I do n't get it.If Hollywood is going to rework a masterpiece , then play it straight . Just because you can do all sorts of things with special effects does n't mean you have to try to put them in remakes , especially if the original is perfect !
 Recently , Entertainment Weekly published a list of the `` 25 Scariest Movies of All Time '' , compiled by the employees of the magazine . Clustered atop the list were the usual horror film suspects , fine films all
 My sister rented the DVD and we watched it at midnight last week ; I should have hit the sack instead ! This movie version of Jackson 's brilliant novel `` The Haunting of Hill House '' is infinitely inferior to the 1963 version starring Julie Harris . Overblown and badly acted , this movie has one ludicrous script and the set , which is meant to be impressive , misses the intentions of the original story . Liam Neeson is totally out of his realm in this hodgepodge - Lilli Taylor would have made a great Eleanor if it were n't for the banalities of the script and the ludicrous additions to the story
 To say that this version of `` The Haunting '' lacks all of the understatment , subtlty , and nuance of the book is obvious . To say that it lacks logic , coherence , character , and good directing is even more obvious . Unfortunately , the film is not aimed at the intellectual crowd who are fans of Jackson 's book , or the classic horror fans of the original movie . Instead , the filmmakers -LRB- one of whom is , in this case , the gloriously misguided Steven Spielberg -RRB- have aimed the story at the video game/music video crowd , sacrificing every nuance and plot element to the whirlwind of uninteresting and unmotivated special effects . In a house where anything can happen , nothing is frightening when it finally does .
 I went into this movie expecting to see an screen adaptation of Shirley Jackson 's `` The Haunting of Hill House . '' However , aside from the names of most of the characters being the same -LRB- Why the gratuitous name change from Dr. Montague to Dr. Marrow ? Too many syllables ? -RRB- , the movie has little in common with the novel . None of the relationships between the characters are the same , and Luke is no longer the heir to Hill House , but just another guy who ca n't sleep well . The novel had a dreamlike quality to it ; there was delicacy and subtlety . There was also a sense of closeness among the four characters , setting up base in the parlor of the huge Hill House , that was lost in the film.There is a saying that you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar . In the novel , the house seduces Eleanor , and one of the more memorable scenes is her elated dance through the house , having been accepted by it , merged with it , able to hear and sense the happenings in most every room . That was far more creepy and eerie than the usual `` house bullies occupants '' device used here.I guess I 'm rambling a bit . The point is
 I was originally looking forward to seeing this movie , but after I did , I wish I had n't spent the money . The story is lame , the actors dull , and the story is so changed from Shirley Jackson 's wonderful book , and the 1963 movie that it does n't even deserve to share the same title . Forget about buying this botched movie and purchase the older ` Haunting . ' You 'll wonder why they bothered to make a re-make , proving that newer does n't necessarily mean better .
 Despite this movie 's impressive pedigree -LRB- classic novel , classic sixties horror film -RRB- `` The Haunting '' manages to foul the entire story up with dreadfully over-the-top special effects and a contrived , ridiculous story . Roots aside , this movie in its own right is poorly crafted and uniteresting . Special effects buffs may enjoy it , but would n't they enjoy a well thought out story laced with intelligence and wit better ?
 This series was produced by Sheldon Reynolds and filmed in France apparently for an American TV audience of 1954-1955 . `` Holmes '' is portrayed by Ronald Howard -LRB- son of Leslie Howard -RRB- , completely out of character from the more classical renditions , decidedly not intellectually convincing . Howard Marion Crawford portrays Watson who , in one of the few negative pluses in this series , is not the boob depicted by Nigel Bruce and drives most of these episodes . Lestrade is somewhat credibly portrayed by Archie Duncan.The complete Sherlock Holmes repertoire has almost 60 episodes , 38 or so filmed with Jeremy Brett , still leaving a substantial number unfilmed . Do n't look to this series to fill any gaps . This reviewer has nothing against faked -LRB- not Doyle-created -RRB- Sherlock Holmes plots if the story is good . In this case , there are 20 episodes -LRB- of an original 39 in this series -RRB- which the cover blurb assures us are `` loyal to the great Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's original stories . '' Well , if you think these are Doyle-created or inspired or `` loyal '' episodes , on even a remotely intellectual par with the original works or some of the TV adaptations of the last 20 or so years , there 's a bridge here this reviewer would like to sell you . Only one of these , `` Red-headed League '' is Doyle 's , the basic plot intact except for deficiencies discussed below . The other 19 are stereotyped caricatures having no relationship whatever to any of Doyle 's original stories.What comes to mind as one watches these episodes is crude burlesque . There is no regard for real mystery or quality content . Everything is mock thrills and cheap `` entertainment . '' The `` acting '' is one-dimensional and grotesquely over-done -LRB- and one step removed from evil villains twirling their mustaches and going `` heh-heh '' -RRB- . Typically , in `` Eiffel Tower '' precious minutes disappear showing can-can girls dancing and to hell with `` plot '' or explanations . After all , THAT 'S ENTERTAINMENT ! One stinker , `` Texas Cowgirl '' , comes complete with stereotyped `` cowgirl ; '' and insultingly `` inscrutable Injun chief '' complete with feather bonnet and war paint , squatting in front of a teepee in a hotel room , not `` savvying '' English , smoking peace pipe and saying `` HOW '' . Just as one begins to feel one of these charades is maybe of better quality than the rest , Reynolds & Co. uncork a buffoonish ending with the characters hamming it up foolishly with lots of heartwarming feel-good corn , playing to a dumbed-down audience with limited attention-span . But you know what American commercial TV does to just about anything and there 's no exception here
 Well , I do n't understand what everyone saw in this that I missed , but clearly , I missed it . This is definitely NOT a workout for beginners . It is far too difficult , too long , too advanced , too fast , with far too little instruction . There are many better yoga DVDs out there . Yes , I surf . Yes , I have a regular practice . May I suggest Rodney Yee 's `` Yoga For Athletes '' ? Not specifically for surfers as this one claims to be , but superior in production , and he leads you through the routine ... and you may actually use it .
 I bought this video based on the other reviews on this websiteand I do not agree with the others . This video is boring , dull , repetitive , monotonous and unimaginative . Between each sunsalute there are stretches . These stretches repeat cumulatively ! This combined with the repetitions of thesun salutes make for too much repetition .
 I have never bother to write one of these review but I agree that the video is too advance for beginners and I find it difficult to get over the fact of what a poser she is . She seems to be cashing in on surfing and going after a niche market in yoga DVDs . I have watched and done all three DVDs and I have seen much better yoga DVDs . I sold these DVDs because they are n't the best out there . Check out the Living Art series of DVDs . I found these much better then the whole series of yoga for surfer . Go mindfully and slowly . Peace
 A note of caution regarding this great and classic film
 I have only one thing to say about this great and classic film
 This film is a BORE . A beautifully produced , sumptuously photographed , beautifully designed , absolutely suffocating BORE.This is the kind of film that gives art films a bad name . It is the kind of literary adaptation that people just love to watch because it takes place in pretty locations , and is based on a book that no one has ever read but is acclaimed as a classic in the advertisements , and is very very very very very very long , and takes itself very very very very very very very seriously , and is just generally so very busy being so very ARTISTIC that is forgets little things like plot and characterization . I did not care about anyone or anything in this pompous load of nonsense.I was not really expected to , of course . The filmmakers are more interested in attracting tourists to France than in creating a living work of cinema.Avoid this film .
 Since purchasing a DVD player a year and a half ago , I have often come across reviews that bemoan the `` transfer quality '' of a particular title . Now ... I know what they are talking about.While this is one of my all-time favorite movies , I was extremely disappointed in the picture and sound quality . Film grain is evident throughout and at times the highlight values of the picture seem overexposed.I give the movie 5 stars . I give the `` transfer '' 1 star . Since this is not likely to be re-released as a `` Special Edition '' I would reluctantly recommend buying this title , only because it will have a longer shelf life than the VHS edition .
 It is so incredibly disappointing that when such a fine film is released on DVD that the audio would be out of synch . Does anyone know if this an inherent problem with all the pressings ?
 A small town girl who comes to the city to become a star is a premise as old as the cinema . Coyote Ugly is just repeating this , with a particularly annoying character who suffers from one of the most demented looking cases of stage fright I 've ever seen.Jerry Bruckheimer usually does good films , but this is a case in which I would love to ask him what he was thinking . The only attraction to this film is a bunch of girls dancing on top of the bar , and the singing of LeAnn Rimes . He could easily have just made a few music videos and dispensed with the vehicle for presenting them . It would have done us all a favour .
 This movie has no redeeming qualities ...
 The storyline was cliched and the one-liners were n't even funny . The Australian accent from the cute boyfriend was annoying . Piper Perabo can NOT act -LRB- even though she 's hella cute -RRB- and all the coyotes were too pretty . It was distracting . Do n't waste your time .
 Okay , I 'm a sucker for John Goodman , and he 's by far the sexiest in the cast . I 'll admit that I enjoyed the movie mainly because -LRB- a -RRB- I did not actually pay for the rental , and -LRB- b -RRB- I was consuming large amounts of alcohol at the time . To the film 's credit , even in my drunken stupor I could tell that the scenes in which Piper pretends to sing were incredibly corny . I think I remember falling off the sofa and landing on my head from the extreme cheese-ness . You know ? The kind that makes your skin crawl?In true Bruckheimer form , Leanne Rimes organizes a high-speed train robbery which results in a spectacular car wreck involving two commercial airliners and the Seattle Space Needle ... but I do n't want to spoil it for anybody . See it for yourself -LRB- read
 This is the kind of film I get stuck watching on long plane rides and would NEVER seek myself . It is such silly schlock that I marvel at how the Hollywood mill can churn these things out and make money - it 's really an industrial production process , geared to superficial viewers.This is one of the basic plots . THe others include crippled boy , whose love of a dog or pony allows him to walk , love , or talk . Why do we keep watching this junk ? A video game at least offers some chance of a variation in outcome.OK , here goes
 I 'm all for a light entertaining movie but this thing was painful to watch . Mix Piper Perabo as the lead role , a bubble headed blond who could n't act to save her life , add an old hashed to death storyline embedded with every cliche in the book and you have Coyote Ugly . This thing was horrible , just horrible . After the first five minutes I got sick of watching Perabo 's only acting skill making those sad puppy dog faces . But guess what it goes on the rest of the movie , must be a record for that annoying facial expression . It 's a good thing this is a rental so I can send it back tomorrow , if I was suckered into buying this disc I would have to drench it with gasoline and set it on fire .
 Loved the movie , bought the dvd and its in widescreen , its terrible . My favorite scenes , dance on the bar , all you can see is their middle , not faces and feet at the same time . It 's not the same would rather have a TV cut format .
 This movie is Flashdance with no flash , a Saturday Night fever on a Wednesday afternoon happy hour . The main character is cute , but annoying . The bar atmosphere with all the dancing is stupid , and the plot is written for some afternoon school special . Save your money and treat yourself to a Big Mac meal . It will go down easier than the characters in this movie .
 My friend likes this movie so I checked it out . I did n't like it . Kind of boring . Could n't get through the whole thing . Fastforward solved the problem : -RRB-
 The usual Girl Goes To The Big City cliches , not as bad as what you 'd expect from Mr. Bruckheimer , thanks to the lovely and charismatic Ms. Perabo and a nice performance from Mr. Goodman as `` Dad '' ... still , a gal who aspires to write songs and has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO SAY . That whole Whitney/Mariah thing , yecch.The bar scenes have a certain energy to 'em , but the other coyotes apparently have no hopes and dreams -LRB- or personalities -RRB- . Here 's hoping the adorable Piper will get a great or even better movie in the near future . I will definitely be following her career .
 Wow . This was bad . The only redeeming quality was the babes in the tight leather pants . Take those scenes and those girls out of this clunker and you quite possibly have the worst movie ever made . But Tyra did look good ... Would I recommend it ? - sure , if nothing else for the visuals , which is really the only reason this film was made . It 's sort of like Maxim magazine on film . Just watch it with the sound off , maybe while listening to a good CD . Believe me , you wo n't miss anything .
 This movie deserves every harsh review it gets . However , if you want plotless mush and adore watching the heaving , bouncing chests of model-esque women , then you will probably love this movie . If you have a brain and like to use it , this movie is probably not for you . What little plot it has is overdone and you can predict what each move will be.Nothing but fluff .
 This is one of the worst movies I have EVER seen -LRB- and I have seen thousands -RRB- . This movie was originally designed to be marketed towards teenage girls , as a triumphant story of a girl making it in life on her own . After being tested to that market they found that the movie , with a horrible plot , bad acting , and miserable premise could only be lucrative if it was marketed to males age 16-35 , nice save Bruckheimer , why do n't you stick to making movies like Con Air and The Rock . This movie fails at everything except introducing me to a cute actress , not the lead , but , Izabella Miko who plays Cammie , the cute & sweet bartender who looks fabulous . Other problems include John Goodman 's acting talent being wasted on a miserable character-in a miserable movie -LRB- look at him in The Big Labowski -RRB- . The only difference between Showgirls and Coyote Ugly is that Showgirls does n't lie about what it is and hide under a PG-13 rating by removing the nudity and vulgarness that would be present at a bar of this type -LRB- I mean who are we kidding-has anyone ever been to a bar that has the moral standards of Sesame Street ? -RRB- .
 I bought this movie because I love Jerry Bruckheimer movies . I should have just rented it . The only entertaining part of this movie was the bar scenes , all of which were shown in the trailer . That about sums up the good scenes . When I watched the featurette about how hard they were looking for a lead actress and how excited they were to find Piper Perabo , I could n't believe it ! Perabo 's acting was so annoying , she ruined the whole movie for me . Her fear of singing in public just became more and more irritating as the movie proceeded . I just wanted to smack her and say just do it and stop your whining and sniveling ! I 'm one of those people who like all kinds of movies , even some really bad ones , but this is one that I do n't think I will be watching again .
 Now , I do n't know about you , but when I go to a bar , call me old fashioned , but I like to have a drink . This seemingly out-dated and crazy notion never once crops up in this brainless teen-fodder . Set in a bar , the bunch of yahoo 's drinking there every night do n't seem to bother that the barmaids NEVER SERVE ANYONE . I like to look at a hot girl as much as anyone -LRB- and the girls ARE nice -RRB- but ALL they do is dance on top of the bar . That 's it . And the baying fools do n't seem to mind . Not once do you hear , `` so . . uh . . can I get a drink , then ? '' The place is packed , every night , with really , really sober people . I ca n't imagine the takings in that place.And what 's with the refusal to serve water ? See , this is their idea of `` hardcore '' and cool , that whenever some square asks for water , you blast that sucker with the water hose . Hil-ari-ous . Imagine the scene ; Guy
 I saw COYOTE UGLY on an airplane from Germany to the United States three times , in English , in French , and in German . By the third screening , I wanted the plane to crash.Without a shred of revealed flesh , the film teases , tantalizes , and seduces without ever gratifying . There is nary a thong in this picture!This is eroticism without the eroticism.It 's a bit like a soft-core film made for Nickelodeon .
 I was forced to watch this movie with my wife , who insisted we rent it . Normally , we agree on the movies we watch and the ones she forces down my throat are never as bad as I thought they were going to be . This movie changed all of these notions.It starts off like another `` Flashdance , '' which was a decent movie . But then it becomes a long music video , with dialogue thrown in to keep you from falling asleep.Well , it did n't work for me . Even the brilliant John Goodman could not save this movie . Nothing but T & A for the teeny bopper crowd .
 This movie is so dumb ... `` HOW DUMB IS IT ? '' This movie is so dumb that even though it has a bunch of hot chicks dancing around in sexy clothes provocatively it is anything but sexy and provocative . Dumb , Dumb , DUMB.Did I mention that it stunk too .
 Hoping this `` unrated '' version will show something the original version did n't ? Do n't get your hopes up.As with a host of other recent `` unrated '' editions of theatrical turkeys -LRB- The Girl Next Door , Club Dredd , Eurotrip , The Chronicles of Riddick , etc. -RRB- , there 's nothing in this version to give it a `` harder '' rating -- it 's unrated simply because the studio did n't submit THIS cut to the MPAA.Unless you really , REALLY want to see all the deleted scenes from your old DVD copy of `` Coyote Ugly '' re-cut back into the film , do n't waste your time or money on this trick .
 Yeah , let one of 'em spend a day with Ted Bundy ... let 's see how damn tough they act after such an experience . Stupid women .
 I ca n't believe movies like this get made ! This movie is CHEESY from start to finish . The characters are empty , the plot is thin , and the cliches are in abundance . Buy/rent this movie only if you want to laugh at the money you just wasted .
 This is one of those movies that really disgusts me in the way it depicts women stutting their stuff and men drooling over them ... I absolutely hate these type of flicks . Hey , with a little imagination you can pretend that you are at a strip bar and that they are taking 'em off just for you . I found myself looking for women in the bar . NONE . this is just Pig S # * T . You are a jerk if you think this is cool . Needless to say I did not care for it , and I very much appreciate hot women , do n't get me wrong . This just sucked .
 Okay this is just another film for guys to watch hot girls strut around . There is supposedly some kind of moral to this story . The only moral I can see is ... when you do n't have a big enough brain , use your bod to get ahead . Screw college , screw learning there is more to you then your looks ... looks do n't fade , they last forever ! -LRB- right -RRB- My boyfriend does n't understand why I do n't want to watch this movie every time it comes on tv . Because it perpetuates a thing women have been trying to get away from for thousands of years ; being judged as people who will use their looks instead of their brains to get what they want , being judged as nothing but a body and no more . Any THINKING woman will not like this film and will not want any young girls she knows to watch it , either . It is not a good example for the young women of today .
 A plot and story that has been done before , better . Miserably bad acting
 This movie is one of the worst I 've seen in the past year -LRB- right there with `` The Whole Nine Yards '' and `` Cruel Intentions '' -RRB- . The plot is predictable , the actors worthless -LRB- or maybe the plot just was n't any good -RRB- , and there 's really no good reason to watch it . See , if this movie were at least rated R and they actually showed some T&A instead of just hinting at it , maybe there 'd be a reason to watch this movie , what with all the hotties in it . However , bad dialogue , combined with predictable plot , bad performances by actors and hotties but no nudity makes for a totally worthless movie . What a waste of my time !
 This was the biggest waste of time I have ever seen . The only person that would be interested in this movie is a thirteen-year old boy . Tyra Banks should stick to her day job . She is much better as a model for Victoria 's Secret because she never has to open her mouth & speak . I want the wasted hour & a half of my life back . This movie was very predictable & lame . Do n't waste your time .
 I consider myself to enjoy a wide variety of movies . When some friends of mine suggested we rent this movie at an outing to Blockbuster Video , I was n't very excited about it . But `` what the heck , I 'll watch anything once . '' First of all , the main character was a bit annying . All the little things she did to help out the bar in an attempt to get back to work with Cyote Ugly made me want to upchuck all over the television . This movie is VERY predictable and a cliche of many others . I 'm sure many of the younger generation cherish this film and that 's about the only audience I think this is going to achieve except cleavage hungry boys .
 `` Coyote Ugly '' is one of those wonderfully bad Disney movies . How did Disney manage to market a movie about a girl who finds fame & fortune ; in a dive bar as a scantily clad beer wench ? It boggles the mind ! Tyra Banks herself stars as Zoe , who 's leaving the bar to pass the bar exam -LRB- she may select America 's Next Top Model , but apparently she can be a lawyer too -RRB- Piper Perabo is the lead , Violet , who has dreams of songwriting . She lives with her concerned father , John Goodman.Violet comes to the Coyote Ugly , an urban cowboy bar where `` strong women '' order men around , wearing not much of anything . Maria Bello -LRB- before she was Viggo Mortensen 's hot wife in A History of Violence -RRB- , tells her to be `` available , but not too available . '' Violet falls for an Aussie . There 's some passionate lovemaking in front of cardboard cut-outs -- I 'm not making that up . The course of true lust never does run smooth . There 's mistaken identity , a relationship crisis ... but in the end , Violet lives the American Dream . ** SPOILER ALERT ** In the end , Violet triumphantly sings her song atop the bar with LeAnn Rimes . `` Coyote Ugly '' is the family-friendly , toned-down `` Showgirls . '' It 's good , bland fun ! Watch it with Mariah Carey 's tour de force , `` Glitter '' about empowered woman in the world of fame !
 When Coyote Ugly was released four years ago , most reviewers said the movie was `` more than chicks dancing on a bar '' . After seeing it , I agree . This movie is so predictible . Get a young , motivated , talented -LSB- but slightly immature -RSB- young girl out of Small Town , USA to Big City , USA to pursue her dream . Have her then hone her craft for various companies and getting rejected time and time again . Have her end up in a lonely diner with only a few dollars to her name . To remendy her cash problem , she gets a job at a sleazy bar . Over time , the bar overtakes her life , and she loses her boyfriend and dad in the process . In a realignment of priorties , she walks out of the bar , and refocuses on her dream . In the end she makes it.That my friends , is the plot of this movie . For most people -LRB- myself included -RRB- this movie is a totally futile effort , topped by a totally annoying performance by Piper Perabo . The only people who might like this film are teens and twenty-somethings and those needing a little something to watch in the middle of the night -LRB- again , like myself -RRB- .
 Now , this is my mind on this movie . Too much focusing on women dancing on bars and not on story and characters , hence this is a boring movie , but the women are good , but this movie is boring . Now see you wouldnt get me on a table and dance and take it off , nope , not my thing . John Goodman as Piper Perabo 's father is a treat though . This is Tyra Bank 's first big movie breakout and see does it nice . As far as i 'm concerned the thought of Coyote Ugly 2 would be more of the same , except that Piper Perabo , not Maria Bello trains the new recruit and it would be more of the same but new moves , but more of the same . Also starring Adam Garcia .
 really boring dull cjhick flick that is awful . i lov u tira but this isn ; ' t a ggod movie . i didnt wantt o watch thers people at all . but i do want to go into this club .
 Viewed
 I am so glad I waited to see this movie on cable . 30 minutes into it , I almost changed the channels . But , just like an accident or police car chase , you have to watch . Overall , the movie was just too sappy . And every `` twist '' is not surprising . Also , I do n't understand why the movie switched between color and black-and-white -- I 'm guessing the decision was made in a very late editing session because it did n't seem to have any context . In conclusion , I thought the bar scenes were the best ... I ca n't believe I 'm agreeing with the guys . I encourage you to check your cable listings if you 're curious about this movie and spend your money on something better .
 My roomate bought this dvd , thinking that it would be fun and mindless , along the lines of Bring It On or such . It was a terrible disapointment . We were prepared for chics dancing on bars and related craziness , but it was actually a slow-moving story about a country girl who moves to the Big Apple to become a songwriter but is afraid to sing in public . By the end you will be begging her to sing the -LRB- explicative deleted -RRB- song ! In conclusion , make another selection at the video store !
 I rented this poor excuse for a movie and could n't help falling asleep the whole time . It 's pretty predictable and not very entertaining . It 's not really worth buying .
 I wanted to see this film because I heard it was a fun and fluffy `` pro-feminist '' story . It was supposed to be engaging and sexy . Instead , I thought it was demeaning , unengaging and poorly acted . I know some might think I read into it a little too much because it is supposed to be one of those `` fluff '' films aimed at young teenage boys and women who need a little boost for their self esteem as sexy , independent beings.Violet -LRB- Piper Perabo -RRB- is a shy and ambitious songwriter , who leaves the shelter of the home she shares with her father in New Jersey to the edgy environment of New York City . She does n't know a soul and happens to wander into a bar filled with `` coyotes '' -LRB- women who dance on the bar table provocatively and also bartend for the many -- predominantly male -- customers -RRB- . This obviously male fantasy of a young , sheltered artist breaking out of her shell and becoming more in touch with her sensuality was just silly . At the end , I found myself caring less and less what the resolution was and asked myself why I even wasted the $ 2.50 at the video rental to begin with !!!!
 From the hit-making producer Jerry Bruckheimer -LRB- Armageddon -RRB- comes Coyote Ugly . Moving to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a famous songwriter , Violet Sanford -LRB- Perabo -RRB- finds herself desperate and broke . Through a twist of fate , the shy , innocent Violet lands a job as one of the barmaids at the hottest nightclub in town - Coyote Ugly . The `` Coyotes '' spend more time on top of the bar than behind it , tantalizing the standing-room-only crowd with their antics!When this film came out it promised to be an intoxicating , sexy comedy starring an unbeatable cast of hot , new stars including Piper Perabo -LRB- Rocky And Bullwinkle -RRB- and Maria Bello -LRB- Payback -RRB- , not to mention Tyra Banks.I have to admit , I wanted to see this picture . While it seemed to be superficial at best , it seemed to offer somewhat of a guilty pleasure , the same kind that Cruel Intentions offered . Nevertheless , the promises fell short , real short . The moviegoing audience wound up with a movie comprised of very few , if any , memorable images , cliche upon cliche , and no redeeming entertaining value whatsoever.The script was doctored many many times , and not one iota of depth or meaning was present in any snippet of dialogue . The characters were hollow , the story was absurd , and the climax was ridiculous . They tried to make the DVD worthwhile by packing it , but nothing could save this picture .
 Coyote Ugly has the worst cgi and special effects I have never seen before in all my years of movie bashing . Actually , I just started watching movies last week . Due to Coyote Ugly , I 'll never watch another bad movie again .
 This movie is a pretty boring tale of the surburban girl going to New York and getting her dreams crushed before finally making it to the big time . Being a 26 year old male , the only thing about this movie that was enjoyable were the nice looking girls . The guy in this movie does one of the worst acting jobs Ive ever seen , and nothing ever really happens . If you have a good taste for movies , then you shouldnt like this movie . Again , if I were a 14 year old girl , I would probably like this movie because it was geared towards 12-17 year old girls . To give the movie some credit , it was kind of a `` cute '' story , but thats about it . -LRB- Also , no bar like that is going to have only 1 bouncer , gim me a break ! -RRB-
 I 'm not sure which is worse - the concept of the bar `` Coyote Ugly . '' or the movie about it . I suppose both . A lot is made about Piper Parabo 's performance , as it were . But I just do n't see it . I mean , you 'd have to be able to act to receive such an accolade . And in this movie Parabo is a strident , sell a little T and A as far as one can w/o becoming a stripper with as much a grasp on the real world annoyance . The movie is a toy for high school/college age mopes who find places where the worst kept secret in the bar business - hiring hotties to sucker young , naiive men into spending money they ca n't afford - interesting places to hang out at . This is `` Cocktail '' in reverse , to an extent . This is one of those movies that creates a non-existing , pure utopia of a bar . The place where everyone basically laughs , cheers and sings in unison at a contrived , silly atmosphere that only exists in the minds of Hollywood execs , and college campuses to a much lesser extent . The dialogue also is equal to that of `` Coctail '' - pointless , been there before , dense dialogue . If you 're young and have yet to be in touch with real life , see this . It 's a fantasy flick for escapism . If you 're a quality film lover , run the other way !
 I had to add my two cents because reading the good reviews about this movie blew my mind . They had to have all been written by 13 year old teeny boppers . I only sat through this movie because the people I went to the theater with needed a ride home . I was really looking forward to this movie too . The commercials made it look like it was going to be hot chicks doing wild and crazy stuff at the bar through the whole thing but I 'd have to say that only about 15 minutes of this movie took place at the bar . Piper Perabo annoyed the crap out of me . She was always making these puppy dog faces like she is saying , `` Look how cute and adorable I am . '' The story was trite and cliche ' ... I actually felt insulted that the director thought I might be stupid enough to buy into this ridiculous crap . If you are n't a 13 year old girl do n't go see this .
 Piper Perabo is a great new face in Hollywood and I look forward to seeing what she does next . That said , I believe the director and editor -LRB- more on that later -RRB- should be taken to a public place and caned with a bamboo pole.What starts as a cute girl-coming-of-age-in-the-big-city movie begins to fall apart the moment the girl who 's too shy to sing in front of anyone starts working in a bar that requires her to dance on the bar while getting buckets of water dumped on her . `` Oh I 'm too shy to sing one of my songs in front of my new date , but I 'll strip for him ! '' What ??? There is a spasmatic sequence with a phone call , a trip to a club , a family reunion and a performance that had to have been spliced together by an MTV editor that drank way too much Mountain Dew while eating pixie sticks . One character even repays a debt that was cut out so she could n't have even known that she owed it!Hopefully Piper will have better luck with `` Slap Her , She 's French '' this year .
 The movie stars Piper Perabo who is a very likeable actress . The only problem is that she is stuck with boring dialog and a weak plot . If you are going to make a movie about a crazy bar and the lifestyle of a young bartender in New York City why would you make it PG-13 . How wild and crazy can you get . Its kind of ironic that the cover of this movie reminds me of a Spice Girls poster . Stay away from this one if you have any interest in a plot and charachters .
 Like the few ADULT reviewers here , my 30-something GF and I decided to sit through this to its bitter end just to see if the dialog could get worse ... It did ! It was like the staged MTV `` real world '' shows ... Adults are stupid ... . You can survive being dewey eyed in NYC ? GAG ! When the heroine opened her mouth the first time , my GF and I both cringed at her voice . Her name needed to be `` Bambi '' . Then there was the hapless daddy . Then there was everything else . About the time the heroine and hero are doing the teen aged ga-ga thing and uttering mind numbing trivia to each other , and my GF is making motions like she is going to heave into her popcorn , I glanced over at the row of teenaged girls next to us - they were enraptured!As I said ... . Great film if you 're under 16 ! Unlike one of the other reviewers who noted all the idiocy going on in the bar -LRB- like the overpouring which is both illegal and irresponsible -RRB- , I will dismiss this as aimed directly at a teenaged audience without a shred of real world experience -LRB- I owned a large bar and saloon -RRB- , and thus literary license.I gave it ONE star for TWO reasons
 This is without a doubt the most brainless movie ever made . Created for the `` Frat Boy '' demographic , Coyote Ugly is packed with scantilly clad hoochies dancing around on bar tops and acting very badly . The hoochies are impressive but that is the only halfway worthwhile aspect of this dreadful film . The plot is a stupid retread of the `` small town girl goes to the big city '' story , the producers did ` nt even try very hard to make a decent film around all the `` T '' & `` A '' . Why would anyone want watch Coyote Ugly at a theatre or buy it on DVD when movies like this can be seen on late night cable seven days a week ? At least the `` acting '' is better on those cable shows .
 ` Coyote Ugly ' often gets compared to ` Flashdance'and sort of falls in the same genre , but it lacks both the charme and the choreography that made ` Flashdance ' a success . It is hard to blame the actors for the failure to maintain the audience 's interest , they simply did n't have anything to work with . The plot is entirely predicable , and all the characters -LRB- how did they do that ? -RRB- remain without any depth . As a result , the different plots running through this feature appear strangely unrelated , maybe because as a viewer one just does n't get engaged . Easily one of the worst offerings in the last 12 months , maybe ever .
 Dude this movie was HILARIOUS !!! its about this dude , and he could n't find his car.But seriously , imagine that a very rich father is almost nagged to death by his spoiled daughter , who wants to see her marginal screenplay about her adventures in the NY club scene made into a movie . He finally agrees to bankroll the project on the condition that she turns over all actual production decisions to a competent production company . The production group casts a pair of likable actors and get John Goodman to play a supporting role . They target the Britney segment of the Lifetime movie audience with a teen angst/struggling artist story-line . They also go after a large secondary audience-those -LRB- of both sexes -RRB- who like to watch hot women in tight pants . They have a large enough budget to staff the project with an excellent crew although they skimp on production design , supporting cast talent , and editing . They make a movie called Coyote Ugly and successfully market it to their target audiences . If you are part of their secondary target audience it is best to watch it on DVD so you can avoid any scenes devoid of tight pants.Problem -- Nothing happens . This story is so tired only the worn down father of the screenwriter would dream of making it into a movie , and just on the long shot that his daughter would move out of the house and get a real job once she had a writing credit on her resume . The Olsen twins , credited as someone named Piper Perabo ; play Violet , a young songwriter who makes the BIG journey all the way from New Jersey to New York City to realize her dream . Olsen Twin Violet has stage fright but immediately meets the nicest boy in NYC - an Australian -LRB- played by Adam Garcia -RRB- who collects comic books , thinks he saw her in a television show with Lori Loughlin , works an assortment of entry-level jobs , and still has time to truly care about her . Supermodel Tyra Banks appears on the screen a few times but does not have to act or to play an actual `` character '' . Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 I had the misfortune of paying my hard earned allowance on this movie . It was so pitiful I had to walk out before the half way point . How did I know it was the half way point ? Easy I was checking my watch every 2 minutes . The plot was so thin and cliched ... Oooh I wonder if she is gon na make it as a star ? ... . It was horrible , it was a waste of money and resources , if you want to save the environment , make sure movies like these do n't get made . There are no redeeming qualities to this movie , if you want a good romantic story this is not the place to find it . There are so many other good movies for you to watch . I do n't have a personal thing about it , but it upset me so much I had to tell the world . Please , please , please do n't watch this movie and if you know someone who liked this trash then slap them upside their head , they deserve it and perhaps need some kind of shock therapy as well .
 Okay , here 's what 's wrong with this one
 You know you 're watching a bad movie when your partner leans over to you and , without ever having seen the movie before , outlines the plot in detail , including accurate descriptions of most of the scenes to follow minutes after the opening credits have run.What on earth was Bruckheimer thinkning when he made this ? I can only assume he had a contract with the studio to produce a certain number of movies and this was one of his ` fillers ' . An unlikely plot to say the least , the acting was substandard and John Goodman , usually a decent actor , looked embarassed to be associated with this , seemingly hanging about in scenes waiting for his check to clear before he could leave.I 've no doubt this movie earns at least 4 stars from many people who use this site ; the teenage girl and mid 20 's male I 'm sure think this is an ` awesome ' movie . Utter dross ; Hollywood really needs a fresh injection of writing talent .
 I was forced to watch this film with my girlfirend . I admit to being a film snob , and ask alot of the film i watch . But when it comes to mindless Buckhiemer stuff i really dont mind them . Then i saw this . Badly acted , scripted and directed . This film represents the kind of mindless stagnation that hollywood seems intent on sticking with . Films like this are a disease on what sould be and is -LRB- sometimes -RRB- one of the most creative and efective media forms of the modern day . Please for your own sanity dont bother .
 Many who watch Coyote Ugly will find themselves feeling the story is very familiar . There are some good reasons for that . One is that Jerry Bruckheimer , one of the most successful producers of all time , insists that his movies be done by the numbers . As a result , while most people in the business are envious of his financial success , you 'll rarely find him grabbing awards on Oscar night . Mr. Bruckheimer is also a firm believer in recycling . Sixteen years ago , he produced a big hit called Flashdance , in which a determined and beautiful girl worked as a dancer in a fancy bar until she was able to become a dancer in the theater . In Coyote Ugly a girl so similar as to be a clone works as a dancer and bartender in a huge bar until she can make it as a songwriter . In both movies , the girl is mentored into stardom by a handsome young man because , I suppose , we are still saddled by the odd notion that , not only can a woman not make it without a man , she has to sleep with him , too . I am certain that Mr. Bruckheimer would claim that the guy is still around to give a movie dramatic appeal , but I would argue that it says that the more things change , the more they remain the same in Hollywood.Violet Sanford -LSB- Piper Perabo -RSB- moves to New York City from New Jersey . Dad -LSB- John Goodman -RSB- does n't approve , but this being a by the numbers movie , we all know from the start that he 'll come around . In New York , Violet takes cassettes of her songs around to the big music companies . They virtually throw her out on her ear . One night a tape winds up in the hands of a charming cook named Kevin -LSB- Adam Garcia -RSB- , and he realizes what we know even though we have n't yet heard the songs
 SPOILER WARNING I really expected to have a good time with this movie , but I could n't find anything positive in it . The bar is not even important for the main character in her search for love and success . She met her boyfriend before she even went to the bar , and she got strength to perform from her dad , not from those karaoke nights at the Coyote Ugly . We do n't see her in a close friendship with the rest of the coyotes . The bar does n't fulfill any function here.It 's useless as a comedy , as a drama , it 's not enough when it comes to sex and those amazing girls . You might think that having those bodies and those faces , it would help the weak storyline . But if you 're only looking for sexy women ... well , these are HOT , but they never get naked , they really do n't show much . If that was the high poing of the movie , it did n't work out.But I want to make myself clear
 This was one of the most embarassingly bad films I 've seen in recent memory.I watched this because there is a 14 year old in the house who is understandably amused by girls in their early twenties dancing on top of a bar ... and is willing to watch a non-plot for a half-hour between those scenes . Short of a pubescent male , I have to think that anyone who enjoyed this movie is either miguided -LRB- hopefully -RRB- or an idiot.If this is really what a person looks for in a film , let me recommend saving your money and watching nearly any television sit-com ... they 're just as bad and it wo n't cost you four bucks a pop . Take that extra four bucks and donate it to the library . That way , people who are dragging the human race intellectually down to such a depth can at least offset the damage they do by hopefully lifting someone else up .
 I 'm usually not disappointed with a Bruckheimer film , so this was definately a first . The plot was cheesy and slow
 I was trapped on a bus recently , and forced to watch this movie . An excuse to put hot , young Hollywood PG-13 girl flesh all over the screen . The fact that this movie has a high average rating is just another indicator that the pundits are right when they say the educational system is failing ...
 nothing really happening with this Film.the Girls were Looking Good but as far as the Film Goes not much Happening.it 's one of those films you watch when you are in Pure T&A type of Mood.it 's fairly a Air-Head Film .
 Coyote Ugly is a movie about a young woman who moves from her father 's home in New Jersey to New York City to become a singer/songwriter . To make ends meet , she finds employment at a bar and dates an Australian orphan . In the end , she succeeds and produces her own album . She stops working at the first bar because she 's financially secure .
 First of all , Peyton was my favorite character . Second of all , Haley , Mouth and Millie are unlikable characters , in my opinions . Does anyone care about Skills and his girlfriend Lauren , or Mouth and his job ? And YET again , Nathan and Haley 's marriage is on shaky ground . Everything seems recycled . Fortunately , Clay is the beacon of the light . A likable guy who seemed unable to commit , he found his love in Quinn . Yet again Schwahn decides to kill someone off , this being Haley and Quinn 's mother . Yet again , Schwahn uses the plot line of a crazy stalker . Unfortunately , the character of Dan is not in much of the season . Attempts to be funny were made , such as the girls getting high of pot brownies . Attempts failed . Terrible season . The only reason I will watch season 8 is because of Clay , and because I 've been watching since the beginning . The show should have ended after season 6 .
 I purchased this set in early december paid over 40.00 -- the next week target had it on sale for 23.00 returned it ... also bought another dvd set -LRB- house -RRB- and also found that for over 20.00 cheaper at bjs ... the week before christmas amazon put this on sale ... . check your prices look around ... I overpaid by a total of 40.00 then was charged 3.00 each by amazon for returning it and it took over a week for my credit to come though ...
 This was a good product overall . it was just bad quality . it seemed like it was burned off of an original . Every disk says disk 1 the title scene is blurry and parts of the episodes are pretty choppy .
 The boxed set I received was an obvious bootleg copy . Super annoyed and disappointed with my purchase ...
 First , I want to say I watched the entire season and have seen the entire series . This season was pitiful There were points that you laugh out loud from it being so stupid and corny . Nobody acts like they do and Jamie 's character which was good in the 5th and 6th seasons has become stupid . The show is n't the same without Lucas and Peyton , it 's just dumb . The writing is just terrible , worst show of the year . I 've never seen anything so corny . The new characters are ok , but this show should n't be surviving without Lucas and Peyton because it is so pointless and stupid without them . Even without them , it 's too bad the writers and producers could n't make it interesting and dramatic . Instead it 's full of games , messes , snowball fights , and stupidity . Do n't waste your time or money . Try some of the shows like 90210 , Gossip Girl , The Vampire Diaries , and others which would be way more worth your time and money .
 This cd does not work for a european cd player!They should have warned me when buying from Europe.I am not satisfied with it .
 The publicity regarding this film led me to believe it must be a goodie
 I had great hopes for this film , it was after all an Oscar winner , but I now understand why the film was not widely available . I found it disjointed . There seemed to be a lot of time spent shouting down the telephone and smoking cigaretes which would be fine if the conclusion satisfied me , it did n't . The main Character , played by Jane Fonda , seemed naive and hopeless , the title character , played by Vanessa Redgrave was such an enigma that she was unbelievable in substance and played far to minor a role in the film . The only reason that I would like to know what happened next is simply to find out if any strength of resolve would be found ! I think probably not .
 Another case of when I side with the minority . I did n't get through it . Decided I had much better ways to spend my time . The only thing I really enjoyed was Meryl Streep 's bit . I do n't whether she resurfaced later in the film but I guess I 'll never know now .
 Jane Fonda way over-acts , and the direction and production values are just one step above made-for-television level .
 If this is your cup of tea , go ahead and buy it .
 As both a surfer and yoga enthusiast i was excited to see this program created , however , upon watching the video it became clear that it 's not all that great . It 's hard to follow the poses when you ca n't see the instructors feet b/c they 're buried in the sand and unless you have a decent knowledge of yoga there are a lot of important details about many of the poses that are left out . I 'd recommend a non-surfing specified yoga dvd over this . You 'll get more out of it .
 do n't waste your money . lots of wasted time talking about how great yoga is.content is good but alot of fast fowarding.not useful as a work out video .
 This video is not good . Peggy seems like a regular soccer mom who decided that she could make a yoga video . Her instructions arent good and her form is not good enough to be teaching others . The editing is pretty bad . And worst of all theres awesome surfing clips on when your head is bent over in your lap . How are you supposed to watch the sweet barrels?Maybe the other two Yoga for Surfers are better but I 'm over it .
 I purchased this as a video , and was not that impressed . It has nice surf footage , but the yoga instruction is really bad . The time would have been better spent slowing going through each yoga pose , versus racing through a large number of poses . Skip this DVD , take a lesson at your local yoga place .
 There are many better yoga dvds to choose from . As a surfer , there is no special `` surf yoga '' as opposed to `` regular '' yoga . Any surfer who takes the time to practice yoga will benefit . Peggy 's videos lack the vital instruction that beginners need to do poses properly without injury . It is a real shame as she has so many famous surfers supporting her efforts to spread yoga in the surf community . A better option is Shiva Rhea 's Shakti yoga which provides excellent instruction AND a `` yoga matrix '' which allows you to create your own unique routines . Most DVDs become stale after awhile , but the yoga matrix on Shiva Rhea 's dvd -LRB- in addition to the 4 ready-made routines -RRB- , prevent this DVD from ever getting old .
 As far as yoga instructional DVDs go , this is not one I would recommend . Particularly if you are not familar with yoga already . The poses are not explained as well as in most not-for-surfers DVDs . Often times , you can not see the feet of the instructor , so you do not know how to place your feet unless you already know the pose . I think Peggy is probably a good instuctor , but this DVD is n't a good example . The best part of this DVD is the advert for Rochelle 's surf camp , which includes a cameo appearance of Minnie Driver . I found this portion of the DVD to be inspiring . If you are looking for some instruction on yoga poses , this is not a good choice .
 This is perhaps the worst of all videos out today of its type . If you have a basic knowledge of yoga , you do n't need this at all - you can create and tailor your own workout . If you do n't know yoga , it 's useless . The instruction is poor , peppered with a split screen of people surfing and practicing yoga -LRB- no wonder the surf mags think it 's great ! -RRB- with little , very poorly demonstrated techniques of basic yoga . In some scenes you ca n't even see their feet -LRB- a crucial failure -RRB- - even if the `` instructor '' says what to do . Save your money , take yoga long enough to learn it properly , then apply it to your own surfing . Yoga is great for surfing , but this is a poor video .
 This is a generic , cheesy yoga video with plenty of ` namaste ' B.S. to go around . The poses are fine and good , but the video does n't really offer up any yoga that is different and specific to surfing . Maybe that 's because yoga in general is just good for surfing , I do n't know ... but I was expecting more.Save your money and just go to a real class .
 If you know anything about yoga , do not buy this cd . The only positive parts is the location and view of the waves . This is more a novelty than useful . Honestly who does yoga in a wetsuit at pipeline . . Try Ali McGraw 's Video for a great intermediate yoga tape .
 Lou dissapoints even his celebrity audience here -LRB- Andy Warhol manages to look even more bored than usual -RRB- with a decidedly off night . He is drugged up to the eye-balls and displays some frankly frightening facial contortions and twitches whilst struggling to make it to the end of this gig . His eyeballs roll o the back of his head and he performs guitar solos hunched in a little ball with his back to the audience.His band is composed of an effeminately ineffectual drummer and a lead guitarist who should be sent back to the greasy diner where Lou found him . Needless to say they can do nothing to mask his inebriated state -LRB- even the Hunter/Wagner band would have had difficulty -RRB- . The production is pretty shoddy , bad camera work , so overexposed that Lou looks as if he 's had an accident with some fake tan lotion . And just to top it off they cut out all the bits where he talks between songs - often the most entertaining parts of his concerts.How this performance ever made it to VHS let alone DVD is a wonder , especially considering that neither the mind-blowing ` Velvets Redux ' reunion tour nor Reed 's intense collaboration with John Cale ; ` Songs for Drella ' are available in this format.And if you do n't believe me you can hear it from Mr Reed himself at the end of the concert when he is filmed telling the guys running the show that the venue had bad acoustics and that this is n't the sort of gig that anyone should keep a tape of .
 a long time lou reed fan was so looking forward to recieving this dvd . if you are entrenched into the talent and feeling and soul of the lou reed album rocknroll animal , you will be so disapointed with this dvd . sweet jane and rocknroll i swear could be played better by a holiday inn cover band . save your money .
 The single DVD version with the concept of the `` probes '' being sent from a future human race was a very upbeat and inovative plot device for this vision of Earth-after-man . That is what we all saw on the Animal Planet version of this show . Each of the ages was treated the same in the full length episodes as they were in the introductery condenced one hour form . They added probes and the omnipresent narrarator to guide us through each hour . I was enthralled with the whole weird thing ! Completely swept away!So , when I got this collection of British talking heads beaming at how smart they all were to have theorised all these creatures out of nothing but thin air-headedness , I was disenchanted at best . They all came off as arrogant and way too self satisfied.While listening you could hear the flaws in many of the basic assumtions.The ecologies and behaiviors shown were often far too over simplified to create their `` new possibilities '' . As a viewer your suspention of disbelief was completely shot ! There was no way to invest your imagination in these soap bubble epocs being constantly reminded that they are just creations.Obviously , I am in the minority here and I 'm shouting `` FIRE '' long after the smoke has cooled.So be it . This is one of the very few times that the more intellectual cut was all wrong . The US versions were much better films in every way ; repeat footage and all . You were viewing events , not ideas . It might have sold better too .
 My son wanted this video so we got it . There is a danger in making things that children think are REAL . Maybe a few more warnings in the video saying this is NOT real would be good .
 If you are interested in creatures which you think took a lot of imagination to think , you 'll love this unscientific crap . Firstly , I did n't like how the digitally-created creatures were presented in their natural habitats ; they did not look realistic at all ! Secondly , somebody please find a taxomist who decides the common names and evolution for species , AND FAST !!!!! Many of the creature 's evolutionary paths are inacurate as as Squidward 's stone tiki . A rattleback ? A flish ? A spinx ? What jerk scientists are coming up with these critters !!!!!!!! For the DVD , all they had for special features was a silent trailer -LRB- with music -RRB- showing scenes for different episodes of The Future Is Wild . Now what species of Stegosaurus-brained humans decided that for a change ... Bordem?P.S . For those who agree with me , go pick up a copy of Dragon 's World
 When I first saw this movie , I thought it was pretty stupid . I 'm sure you all have your oppinions , but really , can you believe the CGI ? The animation in this show leaves a lot to be desired . The creatures do n't even blend in with their environment , and they all look smooth as clay . No texures evident at all ! And the theories ? Oh boy , how do I explain this , other than saying it was complete RUBBISH !!! Let me just state a few theories that had me rolling with laughter ! First , there is the thought that tortises would evolve into creatures that grew to be larger than the largest dinosaur ! Second , you have flying fish that look like and sound like fish , and can actually ... well ... FLY !!! Finally , this thought almost made me die of laughter ; squids will emerge from the water and INHERIT the Earth !!!!!!!!!?!!!!!?????!!!!!??! This is not science people ! True science is something you can study first-hand , and examine in a lab for goodness sake !!! Evolution itself is still a theory in question , and suddenly , scientists believe that they can predict evolution 's every move ? Even in the distant future !?! Then again , I do n't see why they ca n't , because this `` theory '' was made up by man in the first place !!! Finally , the names of these `` future '' creatures were so stupid with a capital `` S '' , that I nearly urinated in my jeans when I heard names like , Flish , Snowstalker , Sharkopath , and Toraton ! But look at the bright side , this could be a new idea for , yet another , expansion pack to the Pokemon series . Overall ... Oh whatever you know my opinion
 Found it stupid and annoying . This pretends to be a documentary made 5 million years into the future sent back to the present day , supported by bad computer graphic fantasy animals . In a word , pretentious .
 A bunch of white dudes try to beat a white chick to this secret cave where there is a secret treasure of indian gold in 1869 Texas.The acting is terrible , the script is laughable and the ghost wolf looks like a cheap halloween costume . Typical low budget mistakes , trying to do a horror with no money and using non actors . I paid 99 cents for this movie and I think I overpaid by about 98 cents .
 Every great band has a `` moment ; '' a time when they are at their most brilliant , most socially relevant , most musically profound . For the name-changing , member-changing band that was once known as Jefferson Airplane , this DVD is not only NOT that moment ; it 's not even close.Message to Grace
 A bad idea?I agree with Kireviewer , if you care about the music , it 's hard to get past the dumb opening , a host who even Will Rodgers could n't like , a set apparently built in a high school shop class , and the many annoying interruptions . They took a too short concert , and turned it into a bad , too long music video . I guess the mindless filler was necessary to get the length up to the claimed 1 hour . The music is OK , but it was neither the band 's best period , nor their best work .
 What were they thinking ? The music on this DVD is OK , in the three to four star range , but is has a juvenile begining and breaks between the songs.It comes from a 1983 concert when Grace Slick and Micky Thomas were the lead singers . This was the Jefferson Airplane/Starship `` Corporate Rock '' period when they were at their most popular . It was n't one of the best periods in Rock and Roll . This bland arena rock was competing with Disco , creating an artistic void that was filled by Punk . Grace Slick is dressed up as a cross between Joan Jett and Pat Benatar . Paul Kantner looks pretty ridiculous , too.Compared to the Jefferson Airplane , and the early Starship , it is easy to take potshots at this eighties version . But , Slick and Kantner are excellent song writers and they recruited two excellent songwriters/musicians in Pete Sears and Craig Chaquico . They still were one of the better Corporate Rock bands of the period.This DVD is about 60 minutes long and consists of 14 songs , mostly the Starship hits of the eighties . There are also nice renditions of White Rabbit and Somebody To Love . The songs are played with alot of energy and there are some nice , but short solos for Sears and Chaquico . But , since the DVD is only an hour , only the hits are included , and the group never really opens up . During this period , Sears used to perform an amazing base solo that is sadly missing here . A full concert DVD would have been much better.The real problem with this DVD is the opening and breaks that come every 3 songs . There is this cheesy sci-fi set with this moron introducing the songs . It looks alot like Mystery Science Theatre 3000 , only not funny and totally inappropriate . It is bad enough to have it at the beginning , but with it inbetween songs , it really breaks up the flow of the music .
 Jefferson Starship at the time -LRB- 1983 -RRB- had released 3 outstanding albums , Freedom at Point Zero , Modern Times , Wind of Change . If anyone had the opportunity to see the band with drummer Ansley Dunbar , You know how disappointing this video is . Unfortunately , when listening to songs like `` Stranger '' you could hear the bands new drummer -LRB- ??? -RRB- the mistakes and missed drum fills . It 's a shame that the band never released any Video performance of the band with Dunbar . It 's a good mix of song selection . Too bad they didnt fine tune the playing . -LRB- Why didnt they play `` Save Your Love '' `` Lightening Rose '' `` RockMusic '' -RRB-
 Apparently there 's no video available from the Marty Balin / Papa JohnRed Octopusera . Too bad ... when the first Starship album , Dragon Flywas released -LRB- Blows Against the Empirewas a Kantner solo project -RRB- , it was such an improvement over the final Airplane albums that the future seemed bright indeed . The final Grace and Marty album , Earth , showed that the second incarnation of the Airplane / Starship / whatever might be running out of steam . The first Mickey Thomas album , Freedom at Point Zero , was n't bad , but it soon became obvious that the Thomas-fronted version of the band was going after the MTV crowd with a vengeance.As theJefferson Starship . Platinum & Gold CollectionCD illustrates , there were a few tunes from the Thomas era that could be considered `` Greatest Hits , '' but when it comes to this DVD ... an exercise in Grace being back in the fold and Mickey filling the Marty chair ... it 's not the band 's shining hour.Jeff Tamarkin 's excellent bioGot a Revolution !
 I think Oreet needs to either stick to other workout forms or improve her bellydance technique before doing this in public . Her hipwork is fine , but she has to gain more control over her upper body , especially the hands.In addition , I find it annoying that she talks too much and with agitation . I 've seen several disks which offer you an option to mute the instructor and hear just the music ; I could n't find such a feature on this one . I 've also seen other instructors that speak so charmingly that I do n't mind hearing them over the music -LRB- they talk sparingly , too -RRB- - Ansuya , Jayna , Suhaila ... In fact , I even enjoy hearing them.The workout itself is very good - mostly hip drops and shimmies - just those moves that your body asks for when you want a more straightforward workout and do n't have time for figuring complicated moves . The music is mostly very good - a nice and inviting beat . However , I ca n't use this program because I do n't want to pick up bad habits from the instructor and I ca n't tolerate excessive loud talking and counting .
 I get that they want a standard for fitness classes , but if you dance the techniques correctly it is a workout . But just to move quickly with poor form is crazy . The more precise the movements especially the figure 8 movements the more tone on gets . The hands are `` Sloppy '' and the arms are dead weight . Shoulders are not kept away from the ears correctly . I just think you are better off buying a technique dvd with a dancer of professional performance status and drill the sequences.I found the transitions , sequencing , foot patterns and overall energy `` Sloppy ''
 This is a classic film that , alas , has not aged well . Unlike the double-vinyl release of the same show , this DVD rendering sounds like it was recorded thorugh a telephone . The DVD is , in fact , an excellent document of historical stuffs , but it suffers as a source of entertainment . The sound is simply terrible -LRB- although dated , one would think better sound could be mixed in here -RRB- . Purchase only if you are a die-hard Bowie fan -LRB- like myself -RRB- . If you do n't know Bowie , do n't start here !
 This concert film stinks ! The camerawork is worse than clumsy -- it looks like something a spastic with a Handicam would have done . And the sound quality is horrible . It must have been wonderful to be at Hammersmith Odeon when this concert was performed , but it sure did n't translate well onto film . Listen to the recordings and skip this disaster .
 The fatal flaw of this video is not Bowie 's performance -LRB- he is brilliant -RRB- , but its inferior production quality . It appears to be a pathetically low-budget production , a pity considering that it was done by the same man , D.A. Pennebaker , who wonderfully documented Bob Dylan 's 1965 British tour in `` Do n't Look Back '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- . As it is , the sound quality of this Ziggy Stardust performance is quite poor , as if all the mics were positioned 250 yards away from the stage . Moreover , the camera work is at times annoyingly erratic and inappropriate . The whole production , strangely , reeks of amateurism . If this movie would have been made with , for example , the production quality of Led Zeppelin 's `` The Song Remains the Same , '' it would be well worth watching . Unfortunately , the bizarre sight of Bowie himself in action is its only saving grace .
 I have not seen nor heard the DVD release of this work but I have the VHS version . What a terrible injustice to the concert ! I remember watching the concert on `` In Concert '' way back in the 70 's . I even audio taped it on cassett , as it was aired on radio at the same time . No , the stupid echo effects were not on that version , Mick Ronson 's guitar work -LRB- I miss that guy -RRB- , was in front and smokin ' ! Who thought of mixing Ronson 's ax just about out of the concert in the first place . To top it all off , Jeff Beck came out near the end of the show and played Jean Jeanie with the band An unbelivable walk on , just blew the roof off the place , you would never know it though since it is left off all video productions.Does anyone know when the REAL VERSION -LRB- What was released for the `` In Concert '' show on ABC -RRB- production would come out . It must be somewhere .
 One of the first DVDs I ordered and of those first few , the one I most looked forward to . But , after making all the adjustments I could think of I could not make the sound -LRB- or video for that matter -RRB- quality acceptable . As much as I adore David Bowie , I have n't even been able to watch this even once all the way through . I did notice that the favorable reviews were for the VHS version of this film . Too bad , such potential !
 I am a Bowie fan and I found this unlistenable and almost unwatchable . Pennebaker obviously had a very low budget , and probably the film sat around for years before he pieced it together in a lame moment . I enjoyed seeing the different costume changes most ...
 As a David Bowie fan of his earlier music , I was extremely disappointed by this `` presentation '' . Poor music selection , terrible arrangements , sound quality befitting old 8mm home movies , and grainy picture . I believe this was shot with 2 hand held cameras focusing exclusively on Bowie , almost completely ignoring his band members . Do NOT waste your money on this dvd !!!
 I borrowed this DVD from my local library , I was taken a back with the quality of this DVD , it looks like a crap video that is a shambles , The audio is reasonable in 5.1 plus the Doco is just ok , but the concert must be the worst vision I have seen on a DVD , How can David Bowie be happy with this visual display of inferior quality ? , I get cheesed off with having good AV gear to have to run this type of crap , and that 's what it is , CRAP !! I have videos that come up 100 % better , Why produce DVDs that dont qualify for this technology ? it `` s not the first and it wo n't be the last , DVD producers please do n't bother putting visual crap out on DVD , your transfers are unworthy of modern technology , if the Masters do n't scrub up for transfer forget it , although a lot of people cant see any difference , so be it .
 D.A. Pennebaker 's filming of the final concert by David Bowie in his Ziggy Stardust incarnation is a great piece of rock history . Ziggy Stardust & The Spiders From Mars is considered to Mr. Bowie 's masterpiece . Mr. Bowie not only created a classic album , but in adopting the androgynstic persona , he blurred the lines between male and female and spearheaded the glam rock movement . Unfortunately , this disk is a major disappointment from the visual side . The songs and performance are first rate , but the picture is horrible . The disk does not clean up the blemishes . It is grainy , blurry and just plain tough to look at . The camera work does n't help matters either as Mr. Pennebaker keeps the camera locked on Mr. Bowie most of the time and many times in close-ups . This takes away from the full experience of the show . The producers did do a great job in remixing the sound and the 5.1 Surround Sound mode is clean and clear . You are better off buying the cd soundtrack version than the DVD . This is for diehard David Bowie fans only because of the atrocious picture quality not because of content .
 Tom Lehrer once said that political satire died the day Henry Kissinger was given the Nobel Peace Prize . Thus it is with cinematic satire as this film won the Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay . There is no story of any worth here . It adds nothing to our understanding of the human condition -LRB- which other reviewers seem to imply is where its value lies -RRB- per se , it is merely a series of sketches in search of a coherent theme which fails qua entertainment . McKellan and Redgrave do their best , but with such prosaic material to work off they can not save a very boring film whose raison d'etre escapes the ever increasing somnolent viewer . That it won an Oscar for the screenplay says far more about the Academy 's often appalling decisions than anything else . Perhaps , like the American Presidency , lobby money can buy anything .
 1 . one may try to impress others by talking up this artsy fartsy movie , but the intellectually honest will realize that this movie is just ... lame .2 . the acting is stilted and so unrealistic and of course -- > the storyline is just bizarre . but of course , the self-indulgent and narcissistic love unusual storylines so as to fool the general public .3 . at the end of the day , dismiss the high brow critics and realize this movie for what it is -- > an odd / bizarre movie with surprisingly lame acting .
 James Whale is an old , deceprit man . He has lived a life of fame , thanks to his direction of the first two Frankenstein movies . When Whale begins trying to sketch his new gardener , Clay Boone , memories of his past begin to flood his mind . Boone eventually finds out that Whale is homosexual . While this makes him uneasy , he returns over and over again . The film follows their strange relationship.One of the problems I have with this movie is the fact that it focuses entirely on Whale 's sexual preference . Are viewers not supposed to care about anything else besides his homosexuality ? Because I do.Also , the relationship between Boone and Whale is a perpetually bizarre one . Despite how uncomfortable he sometimes becomes when in Whale 's presence , Boone can not keep himself away . I found it quite unbelievable.Lastly , this movie is incredibly monotonous . Nothing really interesting occurs until the last thirty minutes.Near the end , James asks Clay , `` Do you believe people come into our lives for a purpose ? '' Well , I believe that all films should have a purpose , whether that be to make people laugh , cry , or ponder . This one simply does n't .
 Yawn , yawn , yawn ! I was forced to sit this this pile of crap . Who cares about an ageing homosexual who lusts after his hunky , straight gardener ? I did n't care about the characters , and found them to be extremely annoying ... especially Redgrave . What was she trying to mumble all the way through the film ... who really cares ? What a waste of two hours . Academy Award nominations ? PLEEEEEEEASE ! For what ? If you run out of sleeping tablets one night , hire this sleep-inducing movie .
 Only actor worth a hoot in this thing was B. Fraser -- McKellen and Redgrave 's performances were pitiful . Redgrave acted like she was a skit character on SNL ; I 've seen McKellen 's effeminate , snobby British character a zillion times . If you want to be bored out of your gourd , watch this claptrap .
 What in the hell was this ???? I rented this mostly because of Brenden Fraser and based on the few reviews I read . I guess I should have read more of them , and I 'm glad I 'm not the only one who found this movie a total bore.I was hoping it would get better , maybe a surprise scene in the middle or the end of the movie but it never happened!That 's two hours of my life that I 'll never get back .
 I could n't believe how bad this movie was . I was ready and willing to be proven wrong about my negative impression of Brendan Fraser 's acting ability , based on what others had said of this film , but ended up with further confirmation that he is a lousy actor . I ordinarily like movies that are slow moving and antithetical to shoot-em-up blockbusters , but this picture C. . . R. . . A. . . W. . . L. . . E. . . D. . . , and suffered from dry dialogue , to boot . On top of everything else , this film was predictable , and I continued watching only to see if a fantastic surprise ending would redeem it . No dice - the end certainly did not justify the tedious means.In addition to a badly written script and substandard acting , the actors ' accents seemed overdone -LRB- too theatric -RRB- and fake . It was a real drag to watch this movie .
 A waste of time.Glory for old time movies that try to claim a life in a new world , and they do n't . Do n't bother , a nice tape to record over.And the last time I buy a film because Brandon Frazier is in it . Naked or not !
 I never would have bought this except that I lost the copy I naively borrowed from the library , and I needed a replacement copy . I tried twice to watch it , and both times quit in disgust .
 It was a waste of money . In my opinion , it was just shy of being labeled a porno film .
 I often Buy having not seen a movie , especially when the reviews are glowing . Thankfully , I rented this first . I just do n't see what was so special about this movie that was not family friendly , boring and drifted . My tastes go more for the movie that i can watch with my large family . This one does n't qualify.Moreover , I do n't see any of the usual devises that make you sit back and say , `` wow , well written '' . I only rented this because of the academy award . I do n't agree that it should have gotten the award over some of its worthy competitors.Rent it first as I did , maybe you 'll agree with the professional reviews .
 OK , there 's a lot I did n't like about this movie . Number 1 , the subject , James Whale of Frankenstein fame , is not portrayed very sympathetically . In fact , I found the character -LRB- played by McKlellan -RRB- quite displeasing , with his raunchy and egotistical appetites . There is a term , `` growing old gracefully . '' Mr. Whale in this portrayal does not seem to have become wiser with age and experience , but to have become a sad , pathetic old coot.Secondly , the film goes nowhere in the first 45 minutes . The narrative merely circles around the central facts of Whale 's celebrity , his main films , a possible scandal , all of which are planted in the dialog just so the audience can be informed , for instance , that James Whale made Frankenstein , that he helped create the horror genre , that he is gay , etc. . It just seemed jarring to hear these facts trotted out for narrative purposes , when they could have been revealed in a more timely and less obvious manner in the course of the film . But as the director wanted to set up the drama early , we are given a crash course on James Whale via the conversations of bar patrons , the gardener and the maid . Puleeeze!Thirdly , I thought the screenplay forced it 's points too much . To take one instance , Fraser 's gardener character is first shown coming out of a broken down trailer and stepping into a broken down pickup truck . OK , he 's white trash ; got it . In another scene , following one in which he is offended by James Whales ' fliratious manner , he has sex with a girl he picks up in a bar . Okayyy ... feeling a bit unmasculine , are we ? I mean , almost every point of the movie is telegraphed , so the audience is smashed over the head with each point the director wishes to bring home.I guess , I just wish the movie 's producers had been more subtle and cunning in how they portrayed people and their emotions . I wish they had taken the audience 's intelligence for granted . Who did they think would go see Gods and Monsters anyway ? Joe Sixpack ? If you 're going to make a small independent film , one thing you can take for granted is that those going to see it are going because they have an interest in the film and in the subject matter of the film . You can dispense with the * setup * and just get into the meat of what you want to say with the film .
 Mckellen does such a poor job in this movie . . ofcourse it is easy to act gay when you are in real life . . Brendan Fraser is the only decent actor in the entire movie and to think that he was in Encino Man ...
 First , forget anything about `` Frankenstein . '' This movie is nothing more than a story of a gay old man chasing a straight young man . And it dragged on and on ... If this movie had been about a straight man chasing a younger woman , it would have been reviewed as garbage.I agree totally with the review titled `` God , This Movie 's A Monster ! `` For what it 's worth , the cinematography was good .
 This movie just did n't grab me , at any point . I am usually a tremendous fan of McKellan 's work , and like Fraser 's style . However , neither really clinched it in this film . The scene stealer in this blas&eacute; film has to be Redgrave , playing McKellan 's Hungarian housekeeper . The film covers the recollections of the director of the original Frankenstein film . McKellen finds a confidante in Fraser , the yard/pool boy . While the recollections could have been riveting , somehow the delivery is flat , and you find yourself saying `` who cares ? '' most of the time , without forming any affinity for either character 's plight . Yes , McKellen is an openly gay actor , and yes , Fraser does a bit of a nude scene , but that 's no reason to run out and buy this film . Rent it on a slow Saturday afternoon . It 's watchable , but you wo n't want to re-watch it .
 Am I the only one who did n't like this movie ? Sure , it was an original idea and the revelation of how Jude died was surprising , to say the least . Still , it was very slow-moving and even though Ray Whinstone was very good and Jude Law looked as hot as ever , there was n't much else to hold my attention . The female leads all acted as if this were the first time they had read their lines - Sadie Frost , in my opinion , was terrible ! Surely they could have found some actresses who would show a little emotion and seem sincere when they did show a little emotion . So , I give this film kudos for such an original idea and the unique way in which it was filmed and presented , but otherwise , I have to give it two thumbs down : - -LRB-
 This is one of the worst conceived , plotted , edited , or acted films it has ever been my misfortune to buy . A complete piece of rubbish .
 I am moved to write a review out of frustration that a movie with a promising premise and a charismatic lead actor can turn out so ... all I can think of is a dead fish ... cold , useless and sort of stinky.Interesting premise , but defies any sort of logic . So Jude begins the film ... why ? It certainly sounds like he wants it to be seen after he dies . But his death is an accident . His narrative sounds like a man mulling over his mortality . But his death is an accident . So why was he making a movie like this ? Coincidence ? HUH ? No logic . And so his wife , Sadie -LRB- 5 stars for Bad Acting Hall of Famer Sadie Frost ... man , she is just uncomfortably laughably bad -RRB- finishes his film ? It is implausible in the extreme.She calls the cops ... when ... ? ... to catch Ray as he makes his exit ? Is she clairvoyant ? Lame . As if the cops would wait for her to set all this up . No . And they send what amounts to a SWAT team . HUH?But . A side note . Anything with Ray Winstone is worth watching . Even this . But just for his crackling , pent-up , electric energy . He is scary and beguiling and you do n't really take your eyes off him for a moment . He swears creatively , admirably and with great enthusiasm . I was nearly taking notes.He is worth seeking out in anything . Amazing , under-the-radar actor.Awful film . Love Ray .
 Dvd was dissapointing . It was not a 2007 concert as you could be lead to believe on the way the dvd is advertised.The dvd was released in 2007 but was of a 1982 concert . Parts of the sound track are not in sinc with the video .
 DVD is not a 2007 concert but one in the 1980 's . Title is misleading . Sound is also out of sync on some songs . Dissapointng.Live in L.a.
 I love this video unfortunately it does n't show on a Blue Rays DVD player . Which means I ca n't enjoy it :-LRB- I was a bit frustrated . However , other purchases in the past have been great through Amazon .
 War Of The Worlds will about blow my windows out . I have the newest and greatest Home theater systems with 15 '' speakers . This DVD is flat . Sounds like a mono system from the 50s
 Only Michelle Branch save this album !!!! All guys play along with unenthusiastic beat !!! even Karl
 This is the 3rd installment of Carlos and Friends and , quite frankly , I 'm tired of it . I mean really , who 's career is the record company looking out for ? I hope this is the final installment and so Carlos can get back to being an artist.I purchased the promo CD that Target offered and I was very suprised at how bad this set is . The sound is terrible to start . The first track , `` Smooth '' is ok , however there should have been a bridge to `` Tu Amor '' to make it sound logical instead of a gap . Carlos sounds weak on guitar through out - could be the editing ... or lack of . Or ... it could be this is Santana 's way of expressing his frustration of being a pawn for the record company . And the brass section ... need I say anymore?I did see a copy of the DVD at the store and the whole package looks cheap . Poor photo 's , packing , and overall presentation . Based on it 's appearance I would have guessed it was a bootleg than an offical release from the record company . Yieks !! A by track critique : `` Smooth/Tu Amor '' - sloppy , over kill on the horns , and no bridge to `` Tu Amor '' - which makes the whole song sloppy . `` Black Magic Woman '' - probably the best track . Sounds like Greg Rolie on vocals ? `` Oye Como Va '' - the other good track on this set . `` Maria , Maria '' too ghetto to be cool . The Product G&B ; are too busy ` keepin ' it real ' and cause a big distraction to the song - the crowd seemed to love it , however . `` The Game of Love '' - sounds like a rehersal more than anything else . Michelle Branch who is usually good sounds terrible and Carlos ... is he plugged in ? I ca n't seem to hear him . `` Europa '' - terrible arrangement . Carlos is n't allowed to shine . I guess the 20 something crowd has never heard this song - on the `` Sacred Fire '' disc the crowd knows the opening riff . At the end of the song the band receives a `` golf clap '' and rightfully so . This song is usually a show stopper . `` Soul Sacrifice '' - terrible arrangement . Over kill on so many levels.If you want a great live CD , get `` Sacred Fire '' or `` Supernatural '' .
 My copy even has an arrow pointer on the front cover picture ! Talk about lousy merchandising . No Dolby , much less DTS , only a PCM Stereo recording . Video is average . Like proper packaging and presentation were no more than an afterthought.All in all , this looks like a bootleg edition . And no , it 's an official release . Amazing . Messy . What were they thinking ?
 On a good day , `` Blackbelt II '' would get two stars instead of one . The film has some B-movie charm to it and , realistically , is n't the worst you can go when it comes to low-budget action pictures . Today , however , is a bad day for me , and the technical laziness and storyline hodgery of supposed kickboxing champion Blake Bahner 's guns & karate vehicle weigh in on my nerves enough that I do n't feel very generous . Chances are you 've never heard of this movie before , and so with good reason
 I 've heard of this movie and was interested in picking it up . But can one of youmovie nerds explain why the price for this is so high ?
 Adopting the story of operation `` Mincemeat '' from World War II , this movie shows the details of a very successful mission to deceive the Axis alliance.Though an intriguing story , the performance seemed cold and boring . It just made me think that a great story has been ruined .
 Thirty minutes into the film , viewing it in w/s , I ejected the disc . I thought the characters were two-dimensional . I thought the script was hackneyed . I thought the direction was plodding . `` Dam Busters '' held my interest . `` The Man Who Never Was '' did not .
 I could n't make it past the first ten minutes . It 's that bad . I ordered it after reading Operation Mincemeat . The film is a sort anti-Ken Follet film -- not the eye of the needle but the eye of a tunnel . No suspense , just boring dialogue between cardboard actors . Clifton Webb and the glorious Gloria Graham -LRB- in a bit part -RRB- could n't save this belatedly patriotic and badly produced , low-budget film . -LRB- It was made in 1955 -RRB- . No wonder its out of print .
 There are maybe 3 good movies in the bunch and seperately they are inexpensive movies . The rest are bad writing , directing , acting , etc. . Several are `` foreign '' films I guess because the accents are so thick that the dialogue can not be understood . I will usually sit through any movie at least once , some of these were so bad I shut them off before I finished watching them . If there are any you recognize that you do n't own and are building a library , worth the price ; but if you think you are getting 8 great movies at a low price , think again.DLP
 I have had this concert on VHS for almost 20 years and have been waiting for the DVD . I just purchased this today and to my surprise it seems like the picture and audio are not in sync . The sound and picture are about a second off from each other . Did anyone else encounter this problem or did I just get a bad DVD .
 With his days of theatrical releases behind him , Chuck Norris ' career revolved almost exclusively aroundWalker , Texas Ranger . His extracurricular output -LRB- i.e. DTV movies -RRB- seemed to consist mainly of favors to his sons and brother , but at least those were still technically Chuck Norris vehicles , unlike this one . `` Logan 's War '' is a film with an identity crisis , wanting to be an action/revenge/mafia thriller on one hand and a quasi-inspirational drama on the other ... but without Chuck Norris in the lead . I 'm not a diehard fan of the man , but even I can tell that this would 've been a better movie if the man featured most prominent only the DVD cover was also the man most featured in the movie.The story
 ESTE DVD LLEGO EN BUEN TIEMPO . SIN EMBARGO , SE FREEZA EN LA CANCION NUMERO 1 INTERPRETADA POR VICTOR MANUEL , UNA DE LAS MEJORES .
 It felt very sad to me as Celia just sat there . I expected more based on the reviews and I was very disappointed .
 Even though I love Celia , the sound quality was very poor . Too bad !
 Fast beat motivating music . Average workout . But the dubbing is so bad as to be comically distracting . Might be better if you speak German , but with English dubbing , it 's intolerable .
 This dvd was in some other region format , wouldnt even play on my dvd player . They should be more specific when offering products that arent compatible with us electronics ! I will never shop here again !
 ... sometimes it 's nice to see that , indeed sometimes we germans clearly get better editions of some movies than you americans do . and in this case , the german company E-M-S did a very cool 2-disc Special Edition of Perdita Durango -LRB- original title -RRB- with the original english soundtrack . so I 'd recommend this edition to all you americans with region-free-players , 'cause THIS FILM ROCKS UNCUT !!!!!!!!!!!
 I 'm not sure what the plot was for this movie , I really do n't know what i got the movie either maybe i was n't in the right frame of mind or maybe it was cause of the sex scenes ? i do n't know but was n't all that great .
 This movie was ridiculously overpriced . The acting is horrible ; the plot is nonexistent . The DVD did n't even have so much as a commentary track . I guess I learned my lesson -- never give Rosie Perez a second chance .
 This picture is a complete waste , considering it had nothing to offer , even the perversion in the film becomes trite and tiring , by the end , I had hoped that all the characters would wind up dead because they are uninteresting . The director thinks that he is being morally ambiguous by presenting Bardem as a villain who rapes and plunders all form of human decency but actually he is being silly . The film never knows if it is being a slasher film or a comedy , but by the end , who really cares as long as this disaster is over ? ...
 This is the worst Bardem-Perez movie that I have seen . If the director De la Iglesia has some Tarantino influence , he went too far . It also depicts Mexicans as cult members and grotesque.It places people in the Caribbean speaking with a Castillian accent . A real piece of trash and mentally disturbing .
 This movie is so violence and so evil . It 's for those who love sex , drugs , etc. . Children must beware of .
 This is a great work by Alex de la Iglesia , but sadly this edition -LRB- `` unrated '' -RRB- has been butchered by A-pix . Many shots have been removed or replaced by video generated titles.Also , one of the high and emotional moments of the ending has been completely removed.If you ca n't get the original version , get this one . You will enjoy it because it is still a great movie . I give this edition only one star because I ca n't accept loosing that key moment at the end .
 Do n't blow 35 bucks on this because it says it 's `` unrated '' , here . They 're ALL UNRATED , and you can find the same thing for just a few bucks elsewhere on this site !
 This BBC produced docudrama displays its roots - the British apparently can not get beyond the fact that Wernher von Braun was the mastermind behind the V2 program . I ca n't say I blame them , that 's human nature , but it must be factored in by viewers who are not fully aware of the facts . After watching this program , an uninformed viewer would be left with the impression that virtually everyone working on the American program was morally , intellectually and patriotically inferior to their Russian counterparts.Viewers will probably enjoy the drama but should take it cum grano salis .
 Not to impressed that there is a picture of a girl on the cover , yet its a guy who is doing the teaching.The menu does n't work ! I ca n't bring up one specific dance routine to learn off of the menu , I can only hit `` play all '' then fast forward to the routine I want to work on.Plus on the first dance he starts out doing the dance for like 3-4 minutes , then he teaches you the steps , then another minute of dance time ... should n't he begin with teaching the steps , then go into an extended dance time ?
 First , the DVD was produced in Germany , and you have your choice of the instructor speaking in his native German or dubbed into English . Second , the German-language menu works , but the English-language menu does not . The only way to navigate through the English version is to either fast forward or keep jumping to the next chapter . Third , this is not for beginners . I 'm a beginner and I should know .
 The Great Fox War Movies -LRB- Patton - Special Edition / The Longest Day / Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! - Special Edition -RRB- I purchased this set and the DVD 's -LRB- 6 -RRB- Were Damaged . I requested a replacement . The Replacement was also damaged . The problem is the DVD 's are in paper inserts in the Book . They are not protected . In the packaging process by FOX -LRB- Not Amazon -RRB- The DVD 's get all scratched and will not play .
 Do yourself a favor and buy the special two disk editions of each of these movies separately . You wo n't get the book , but you 'll save almost $ 50 off the price of this set . Unless of course the book is worth the extra fifty to you ... It certainly is n't to me .
 While this DVD will , in fact , be playable on a computer or a Region 1 player , the image quality is very poor . Scenes shot outdoors will be washed out and overexposed , and any rapid on-screen motion will cause the image to blur perceptibly . This gets worse as the film progresses . I got suckered into buying this clinker before warnings about the difference in regions were posted prominently . However , I do n't believe incompatibility entirely accounts for the poor performance of this product
 I am very disappointed in the blu-ray edition of this movie . This disk was made in Mexico . Itdoes not have the original picture ration . It is only 1:49 I owned this movie on DVD beforeI purchased it in blu-ray . The DVD has retained the original movie display . I will probablytry to find someone who does n't mind but I wo n't watch it .
 The movie is old fashioned and not well acted . It was melodrmatic and artificial.The supplier of the DVD was prompt and professional
 I got this video on loan from Netflix . As a railfan , I was extremely disappointed in this . The show was nothing like I had anticipated it being like . And the host is just plain annoying trying to emulate Emeril Lagasse
 It is a shame that in this otherwise excellent video , Matt Brown does not have the common sense to avoid foul language . He seems to think that ` certain words ' are ` acceptable '
 The videography of the trains is outstanding . Unfortunately , the host is about as obnoxious as they come . Screaming , jumping around , arms flailing , and extremely dumb dialog -LRB- you can see just about everyone he interviews/works with cringes at the things he says -RRB- . On top of that , the rapid jump cutting is enough to make you want to hurl . No joke ! Most of the scenes shot of Matt 's dialog is with the camera right on the ground pointing up towards him while he 's shouting at the camera flailing his arms around.This could have been an excellent series , but it is ruined and unwatchable by the script and host . I 'm shocked that anyone liked it .
 I watched most of the episodes in this series when they were on TV , and they reminded me of a college term paper that lacks enough substance , trying hard to fill the professor 's minimum page requirement by using large fonts and wide margins.In other words , these shows do their best to squeeze about 20-25 minutes of worthwhile content into a one hour show . The host is not a good narrator or storyteller , and the video gimmicks get old in a hurry.The core information in each one is interesting to both railfans and casual viewers alike , but the script repeats nearly everything more than once in an effort to fill the time allotted , and the host often resorts to silly or stupid questions and weak humor to try to justify his existence . In one particular episode I wondered if the engineer and conductor were contemplating tossing him off the train to be rid of the annoyance.If the producers had recognized these episodes do n't need an hour , and that the host 's style is more suited to a young children 's show , they could have put out a much better product with 30 minute episodes and a host who knows how to talk to adults.Given the price - $ 10.49 as of March 17 , 2012 - go ahead and buy it if you 're interested . As long as you can ignore the host 's shortcomings and have a fast-forward on your DVD player you 'll be able to enjoy the good parts . If I could find a way to edit them , I 'd cut the episodes down to the enjoyable segments and actually watch them from time to time . Lacking that ability and/or the time to do it , I 'm satsified enough having seen this on TV that I do n't plan to buy this DVD set .
 Some funny talk , yes . But this movie is the opposite of sensitivity , to say it politely . The film of cause has a bigger concept . If you want to be surprised , stop reading right now . Two strangers meet by looking at the same vacant apartment in Paris . Skipping the romance , he suddenly decides to get physical with her , and she goes along . At this point , I should have stopped the movie , which went downhill until the end , which was the most disturbing scene . All in all , one might ask the question if the fact that two famous actors are the lead characters , can justify the so-called critics praising this movie . They might have both done it only for the money , being ashamed for it later on . Let 's hope so .
 The video I recently purchased was NOT the original version . The Hayes Commission version is edited for content to the point the film loses it 's provocative edge , with out which is disjointed -LRB- pun intended -RRB- and boring . I 've looked elsewhere for the original release version which at the time was X rated , but now all I see is the `` R '' rating which means all the good scenes are cut out!But I 'll Keep looking . It 's a real hot classic in it 's original formRapscallion
 Marlon Brando is a marvelous actor , but PLEASE someone ELSE write his dialogue ! On how many different occasions in one film do we need to hear about pigs ? I have never understood why this movie is lauded so much , so I decided to give it another chance . The dialogue is simply absurd . Who talks like this ? The relationship between Brando and the young French girl is very S&M ; , but in my opinion , these themes were explored better and more attractively in `` 91/2 Weeks '' . If you 're looking for nudity and graphic sex , you wo n't find that here either . The sex scenes are few and far between , and when they do occur your reaction will most likely be `` OH ! MY EYES !! `` A film without a writer is a recipe for disaster , and it really shows here . Skip this . You 're not missing a thing .
 Few films are as remarkable as `` Last Tango In Paris '' -LRB- 1972 -RRB- for having achieved so little with the immense possibilities of its concept , director , production crew and cast , or its romantic location -- Paris.Pauline Kael surely blushes at the pull quote attributed to her on the DVD case , `` The most powerfully erotic movie ever made ! '' . To be sure , we see that the gamin young Maria Schneider is a fine figure of a woman , but her character , Jeanne , portrays the kind of femininity mythologised in machismo -- a preparedness , even a desire , to be sexually humiliated , unmitigated even by the emphatic terms on which the relationship ends . The word `` love '' is used , here and there , in extraordinarily barren circumstances . Paul -LRB- Marlon Brando 's character -RRB- mumbles through the film with a degree of self-absorption approaching autism . There are widely separated good scenes , such as the tango competition . The dialogue hardly ever gets better than Paul saying , `` I have a prostate like an Idaho potato , but I 'm still a good stick man '' . The claim of the film to have been `` the most controversial film of its era '' -LRB- fewer blushes , perhaps , for Leonard Maltin -RRB- rests not so much on its explicitness , but its emotional shallowness combined with uses of butter which could never be embraced by the dairy industry.So why see this film at all ? Perhaps , to see how even a great chef , with excellent ingredients , may sometimes produce a flopped souffl&eacute; . To consider the question , `` What is -LRB- not -RRB- erotica ? '' . To study the career of Marlon Brando . Also , perhaps , to examine our own emotional development and to feel good comparatively about ourselves . Almost anyone will have deeper understanding and experience of love , or obsession , between men and women than is displayed here.For classy erotica , look elsewhere . Many better and more erotic and romantic films are based on similar themes of troubled characters in cross-cultural sexual obsession -- such as Wayne Wang 's `` Chinese Box '' -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . As for making good use of Paris , check out Stanley Donen 's `` Charade '' -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , with Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn , which is erotic only by suggestion , as well as having a sparkling and funny script , and enjoyable over-acting . Director Bernardo Bertolucci is far better than `` Last Tango '' . So , even he has made a far better film about cross-cultural sexual obsession . He returns to the theme in his 1999 film , `` Besieged '' . This makes wonderful use of one of the most photogenic and stagelike settings in Rome , the Spanish Steps and the Piazza di Spagna . `` Besieged '' also has more humanity , more complex characterisation , and builds suggestive , musical and explicit eroticism between the characters of Thandie Newton and David Thewlis . In many ways , it seems Bertolucci 's atonement for the failings of `` Last Tango '' . -LRB- This review refers to the widescreen MGM year 2000 DVD reissue of `` Last Tango In Paris '' . -RRB- Update in December 2011
 Poor content . Had to read what was going on by reading the screen as most of it was in another language .
 I never saw the movie when it first came out in film , so I thought I would buy it . It is the worst movie I ever saw in my life and I am a movie buff . The acting and storyline is horrible . In the nudity shots she looks like she is wearing a black bear skin rug on her private parts . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Unless you are one of those men who thinks any film with lots of female nudity is `` art , '' skip this . It 's stupid , sexist , pretentious , the dialogue is wretched , you do n't CARE about any of the characters ... and a lot of other things that other reviewers have already said .
 When this movie first came out , it was the talk of the town , mainly because of the nudity , I believe . The plot was silly and Brando 's acting was awful .
 How on earth this film ever generated the amount and degree of attention it did is one of most astonishing curiosities in movie history . Virtually every aspect of the film is risible . In fact , you can probably enjoy it purely for its innumerable unintentioned laughs . Marlon Brando gives what can only be described as one of the messiest and shameful performances that any formerly great actor could conceive -LRB- worse even than Vito Corleone or Kurtz -RRB- . And clever Bertolucci shovels on enough pretentious artiness and pseudo-eroticism to steam up an academic 's glasses . Everyone else will merely catch themselves yawning most of the time .
 The plot of the film is simple . The Marlon Brando Character is depressed over the death of his wife . He gives a performance of grief at the grave side . He goes to rent and apartment and meets the Maria Schneider character . He rapes the Maria Schneider character , but that okay , cause you know that women really like that sort of stuff.Maria and Marlon agree to meet , just for sex , no names at the apartment . Is this maybe Loehengrin and not a Bertolucci film?Of course this makes tremendous sense . Marlon is middle aged and not to attractive . Maria is 20 something and drop dead gorgeous . Marlon also comes across as a self pitying dope who can not string two words together . In another scene he violently sodomizes Schiender . The plot of this film could only exist as a fantasy of a middle aged man.The climax of the film -LRB- an expression one hesitates to use for a range of reasons -RRB- is when the Brando character falls in love and wants to continue the relationship . Schnieder rejects him rather forcefully end of film.The film has sparse dialogue , Marlon looks dreadful overacts continually and one wonders how anyone took it seriously . Probably because it came out prior to the women &#8217; s movement . It is hard to think of a contemporary director who would produce such a unrealistic portrayal of a female character .
 I though the film was terrible . Brando mumbled in French and the plot was unrealistic . I purchased the film to see how sexualism has changed over the years , since this was touted to be the first of expicit sexual scenes .
 There Was Not Really That Much Sex In The Film . There was some brutal language Butr Not that much in sex . This film was not at all what they all said it to be . I myself is into love stories such as this and if your a fan like me ... dont get this . but dont take my word for it
 Just finished watching this for the 3rd time in the last 15 + years or so . I try to give LTIP another chance every severalyears or so , hoping that something in me has changed or maturedso that I `` get it '' a bit better . Well , I have n't or ca n't . It still seems like an indulgent , boring mess . Yes , Brando can act.Yes , Maria Schneider has a fantastic 20-year old body . What does it all add up to ? Nothing ! A 2 hour waste of time . A movie with a totally emoty story and emotional core . I like a lot of stufffrom the late '60s and early '70s , but if sitting through tedium like this in the name of art was indicative of the era - thankGod we 've moved on . Oh , and congratulations to the otherwise usually excellent Bertolucci and Starraro for accomplishing the impossible and making Paris look ugly .
 Do n't waste your precicous time on this pretentious tripe . The acting is self-conciously artsy and overwrought . Brando 's character is an abusive jerk , while Schneider 's character just ca n't get enough of it . Spare me the nonsense please ! If nudity is your bag , rent a Playboy video instead ; you 'll thank me for keeping you from losing 2 hours with this mess .
 sorry , i just do n't get it ????? slow going nowhere ?? flop ...
 Brando is my favorite actor and he 's known for taking on anyrole and doing a great job . He did a great job on this film too but he should have walked away from this one . I am an admirer of `` off the edge '' movies and themes that are hard to take ... However , this film leaves the viewerwith only one thought `` Bertolucci is a filthy , lecherous old man '' . I rarely HATE a movie but this bankrupt , purely perverted film is just AWFUL . Hope Brando made a lot of money at least .
 Perhaps I may be speaking blasphemy to all the serious devotees of this prententious film -LRB- I do respect you all though -RRB- , but `` Last Tango in Paris '' gets my vote as the most overrated film in cinema history -LRB- with `` 2001
 Feeble , inarticulate and struggling to be deep without knowing what it wants to be deep about . It can be fast-forwarded to the end without anything being missed . Alas , poor Brando , we knew him well .
 We watched Last Tango in Paris mainly just to say we 've seen it . Little did we realize how messed up most of the characters are & how disturbing a few scenes would be ... however , it is french directed so I guess that explains it -LRB- a genre neither my wife or I have ever been able to embrace -RRB- . Did not care for the film at all but give it 2 stars for the shockingly hairy full frontal .
 Okay , I love Marlon Brando . . Granted because of my age -LRB- I was born in 77 -RRB- most of the stuff I 've seen him do was when he was much older . But what was this crap that was made before I was even born ? The way this film was reviewed it made it seem as though it was just awesome ! U must see it ! Marlon is so captivating !!! This is one of those films where you either love it or hate it . Like the opera , you either love it or hate it . Unfortunately I hated this film . From the way they `` hooked '' up , to the way they told his story ... and of course , the ending , what the hell was that ?! The movie comes off as too scattered . Like they could not decide which road to take in telling his story to get you to care . So they just threw in a bunch of scenes . I did not feel sorry nor care for any of the main characters . The only reason why I sat and watched the whole movie , was because I bought it . . Highly , Highly disappointing ... I ca n't believe my mother went to the theater to see this film when it came out . But it speaks volumes that my mom -LRB- Marlon Brando lover that she is -RRB- could not even remember that his wife killed herself and he is this `` tortured '' guy just trying to deal . All she remembered was that it was a racy film for 1972 . But what are reviews anyway ? Just someone elses opinion . Not your own . So if you wish to see this film watch it . If you like it , you like it . If you do n't , you do n't ... The world makes sense again .
 I went into this film thinking that I would see an unorthodox film involving sex . I 've seen many films that could fit this description such as `` Happiness '' by Todd Solondz and `` Romance '' by Catherine Breillat , but unlike those films , I failed to see a point in this one.The sex scenes were extremely grotesque in their graphic and perverse nature , especially the scene involving sodomy.I ca n't say I would reccommend this film to anyone . The reason that it gets 2 stars out of 5 is because I think Marlon Brando was very convincing and entertaining , I just failed to see the point in this film as a whole and therefore I can not give it a good rating .
 It will make me unpopular to say this , as if I am not already wildly unpopular , but this was a terrible and totally overrated movie . In light of Marlon Brando 's semi-recent death I thought it high time to see some of his best known works . Cited as a classic in many cases , at least for being raunchier than anything else at the time of its release , this film was flat , left me dazed , it was useless . I hated it . It was strange , mumbling , sleazy . The acting-particularly from Maria Schneider-if you could call it acting , anyway-was mediocre at best . Where 's the story ? This just strikes me as a film made at the time to push the envelope of what was considered `` art '' and `` decent '' . To me , it was just a monumental waste of time , like roughly half of Bernardo Bertolucci 's work .
 I saw this film at a special screening in the late 1970 's at an art house cinema in Minneapolis . The film did not leave a lasting impression on me , unlike some of the other films I saw around the same time frame . I can hardly remember a single detail about it . Its not like me to get amneisia about a film , especially if it is trully a great work of art . But since I can barely recall having seen Last Tango , it leaves me with the impression that this film is not a great work of art as the urband legand makers would have it .
 I do n't understand how anyone can like this trash . It was long , plotless -LRB- besides the whole wife commiting suicide thing-I would 've too if I were married to Paul -RRB- , random and most of the time I was asking myself ` what the f -- ? ' I can understand that it was shocking for the time , especially that butter scene but otherwise , it was a huge waste of time . Its amazing how many people say how great this film is and Brando , but to me he was just a mumbling psycho that terrized a young woman . They had absolutely NO chemistry and most of the time , I had no idea what they were going on about . Overrated , overrated , overrated .2 + hours of your life you 'll never get back .
 Let me get this straight . The story starts with a man and a woman , strangers looking at vacant apartment . They walk around a bit , say a few words , then he grabs her and they go to it . Nothing is given to justify this , no romance , no chemistry , no flirting , not even lustful looks . It is as if two people just ran into each other on the street and went straight at it . This is great film making ? On what planet ?
 Do n't waste your time . If you are watching it to see the controversial steamy sex scenes , you 'll be disappointed . There is nothing erotic here . It 's a film devoid of emotion or excitement . It 's mind-numbing and boring . It may have been praised at the time it was first released , but it has not aged well . Surprising that it was ever determined to be a film with any value even when first released . Pointless film with characters that do n't seem to have any direction in their lives and do n't seem to care about anything important . The viewer does n't care either . Glad I saw this free , as I would hate to have paid even $ 1 to watch it . Your life will be better for NOT having seen this movie .
 This is one of the worst show I 've ever seen . Do n't waste your money buying it . Your time is better spent cleaning out gutters than watching this tripe.I would have rated this show minus stars if it were possible .
 I 'm a big Marlon Brando fan and I consider his performance in THE LAST TANGO IN PARIS as outstanding but ... I do n't like this movie . Not at all . Why ? The cinematography is professional , with a Vittorio Storaro who declines the whole yellow-brown palette in order to make us feel the decay of the characters . Maybe it 's Maria Schneider , one of the worst actress I 've had the opportunity to admire . Maybe it 's the screenplay , so perfect.THE LAST TANGO IN PARIS was a huge success in 1972 , considering the fact that Bernardo Bertolucci was at that time more appreciated by the european marxist intelligentsia than by the common saturday night 's moviegoer . But Marlon and very explicit sex scenes provoked scandal and success . It 's fair to admit now that the majority of the audience was more interested in Marlon and Maria 's naked bodies than in the anarchic and iconoclastic substance of the movie.One can like the symmetry of these stories treating of the relations between symbolic fathers , mothers , sons , daughters who could be symbols for society , death and I do n't know what ! Unfortunately , it 's not the cinema that I like but I do sincerely respect any contrary opinions.A DVD for the autumn .
 The DVD will not play . It goes thru the process of downloading until the last point & then says that it is not programed for downloading . I would like to send it back for a DVD that will play .
 The characters motivations are disgusting and the acting is poor . I decided to watch this film since its supposed to be a cult classic and everyone talks about how Brando did such a find job.Call me crazy but when watching a film I like to at least like one of the characters . Here I felt like I was at a party with a bunch of people I did n't like but could n't leave . Talk about No Exit.I guess some of you will like this film but unless you 're one of those bleeding heart , artsy farsty people I suggest you save yourself the pain of trying to watch this film .
 This movie fails horribly at living up to its reviews . They seem to be based solely on technical merit ; it is indeed shot well . Unfortunately , that does not make it worth watching ; the plot is lacking , the sex alternates between disappointing and disturbing , and the characters are despicable . Do n't waste your time .
 This is one of those movies where reading the negative reviews is far more interesting and even funnier than reading the positive ones . The positive ones usually gush about what a groundbreaking movie it was , and its unvarnished portrayal of a completely carnal relationship lacking any other redeeming qualities . Brando is usually thought to have done a remarkable job portraying a depressed man who is trying to lose himself in an orgy of erotic self-indulgence after the suicide of his wife . Another common complaint is that the movie , although perhaps great for its time , has n't held up very well.Amazingly , I had never seen the movie until a few days ago , and felt this was a huge lacunae in my cinematic education so I decided to watch it . While I 'm not as negative as the other negative reviews , I have to admit that they have some validity . It was a ground and pathbreaking movie for its time , and it deserves some credit for that , which is why I give it at least two stars.Unfortunately , I have to agree with many of the other negative reviews here that the movie just has n't aged well . I also agree with many of the other comments that in ad libbing much of the dialog , the script , or lack of one , suffers and it just sounds like Brando on some analyst 's couch engaging in sophomoric psycho-babble much of the time . But one must remember that this was the inner-space obsessed and psychedelic 60s and things like psychotherapy were all the rage , which is why the movie just sounds like Brando on the couch free-associating much of the time . It was also a time of supposed sexual liberation , and in that sense the movie accurately reflects its milieu but attempts to ratchet up the shock value on the carnal side , from which the movie 's notorious and vaunted reputation mostly seems to stem.While all of that is fine , and I 'm certainly no prude , a movie whose main attraction is its portrayal of a steamy , nihilistic , and exploitative sexual relationship but which lacks any other redeeming qualities may be a good candidate for the most sexually and sensually daring and controversial movie of its time , but it does n't necessarily mean it 's a great movie , either . There is no character development , and no story arc beyond that of a dissipated , depressed , middle-aged man indulging his sexual fantasies with an ingenue.The dialog is mediocre at best , and except for the very emotional early scene by Brando , he spends most of the rest of the movie walking around like he 's in a Quaalude-induced haze , although that drug was 15 years in the future . And by today 's standards the movie would n't be considered sexually shocking at all . But then this was also the era of Leave it to Beaver which was considered a realistic portrayal of an American family . It 's also one unremitting , humorless downer from beginning to end , as Brando wallows in his narcissistic world of grandiose and bottomless self-pity . This might have been okay for 15 minutes , but 2 hours of it is too much.So while I 'm not as negative as many of the reviewers here , I can give it only 2 or maybe 2.5 stars . It certainly deserves some credit for breaking new ground in its portrayal of a sexually explicit and kinky relationship , there are one or two scenes in which Brando truly is great , and as one negative reviewer here said , it 's something of an achievement to manage to make Paris look ugly.And last but not least , I hear the Cornhole Review rates it `` 5 sticks of butter . '' : - -RRB-
 faded color and millions of artifacts are only some of the problems this DVD . Hopefully it will be remastered soon !
 As of 2006 , `` Last Tango In Paris '' should be left to the dustbin of history . Even if you 're a total Brando fanatic , you should n't have to subject yourself to this torturously slow film , which has no discernable point outside of its supposed shock value elements , which are only shocking because they 're so tastelessly crass and boring , making the film utterly dated . Brando 's character in the film feels miserable throughout , and I think I felt at least twice as miserable while watching . Even more annoying though are the laughably unconvincing scenes between Maria Schneider and Jean-Pierre L&eacute;aud , the latter of whom turns in an utter ham act . After sludging through the first hour of this film , which drags on listlessly and at a snail 's pace , you find that you just do n't give a damn anymore what happens . Although I ca n't exactly give Brando a thumbs up for taking on this role , I place the blame for this atrocity squarely on Bernardo Bertolucci , who directed and co-wrote the screenplay -- having seen a bit of Bertolucci 's other work as well , it seems that this guy should have his filmmaking license revoked . About the best that can be said is that the picture quality of the film really is stunning , but even that ends up not being an advantage because it just makes the whole thing seem even more annoyingly ` arty ' and pretentious . `` Last Tango In Paris '' is a life-draining movie-watching experience that ca n't be recommended , period .
 Marlon Brando was one of the most overrated actors of all time . Anyone who knows about his personal life and still thinks he was a respectable person should have their head examined . The fact that he was comfortable with this awful role says enough about the kind of man he was . Everything he said and did in this movie -LRB- especially to the unprincipled French tramp -RRB- was too savage , sick and pathetic for words and his fate at the end was much-deserved but did n't come soon enough . The story and soundtrack could n't even come close to saving this trash either .
 Finally saw the much-vaunted Last Tango in Paris . On the DVD case , a reviewer squeals
 This has to be the most overrated movie ever made . Even by 1970 's standards , I do n't see what all the hoopla is about . Marlon Brando is just his usual brooding self . The girl is extremely beautiful , but even if she was naked through the entire movie , I can not understand why anyone considers this a cinema masterpiece .
 This movie started off about as refreshing as you could get . Sure , there were `` Lifetime channel '' moments and such but for a horror movie at least it didnt just dump a bunch of hapless teenagers in the woods for them to be hacked one by one.The atmosphere was eerie and convincing . The cave shots were well done , the tension was building ever so slowly and it was somewhat un-nerving when you just knew that something bad was brewing . So , the first part of the movie was thumbs up all the way . Unfortunately , like sooooooo many other horror films it resorts to silly blood spatters and totally unbelievable situations and it gets old rather quickly . The creative tension that got me hooked was quickly replaced by absurdity . Too much ketchup , too many frantic scenes of the `` monster guys '' jumping around , and of course ... the completely silly `` tough '' chick that Kung-Fu ` ed her way through most of the monsters like they were invalids . That alone killed it ... . the main characters were disposing the bad guys too easily and some of the ways they killed them was laughable . I was angry at this movie not so much because I wasted my time but because it had a lot of potential and seemed to run out of ideas so they went the `` Gorefest '' route and completely chickened out of making what could have been a classic if it was done right.Remember how perfectly the original Alien movie slowly but surely built wicked tension and it never released you from that tension ? Remember how uncomfortable that movie made you feel for almost the whole running time ? This film started that way ... . it was very creepy and made me feel uneasy . Just like Alien . However , Alien never let up and did NOT turn into a pointless gore-fest like this movie did . Too bad , it really is.Not Recommended ... but rent it , dont buy it if you have to see it
 I 'll be honest and say they could have cut the first 15-20 minutes out of the movie . Yes , I know they were setting up the scenario , but it was n't really necessary and once the main part of the movie started it felt like those scenes had been cheaply and shoddily tacked on to give a completely unbelievable movie a bit of reality . Which did n't work . It 's a horror flick , just start out with people getting together for whatever reason to go explore dark and scary caves on an ill-advised trip . I do n't think most of the audience cares why - we came to this movie willing to suspend our disbelief , run with that.Once the adventure starts I began to like the movie more . I know it 's just a shallow horror flick but there were some genuinely interesting interactions within the group . If you want to over-analyze it you could , because the reactions and actions of several of the group members were very well-done , considering the situation they found themselves in . I found myself drawn into the storyline and pulled along with the characters . The ` monsters ' were good , just the right touch of frightening without being ludicrous.But then ... then there was the end . And what would have been an okay movie was completely ruined by an end scene that made -LRB- at least in my mind -RRB- no sense whatsoever . I ca n't really say more without ruining the ending , but I ca n't wrap my brain around what was supposed to have happened and what the filmmakers were trying to imply with the last bit.So there was a bit of decent action-horror capped with a boring beginning and a confusing end , leaving a bad last impression . I 'd say that there are far better horror movies to spend your time watching , give this one a miss .
 poor acting . somehow has rated 4/5 stars which means 4/5 people that rated it are idiots . has about 3 scary parts total . the acting is horrifying though . scariest part of the movie by a long shot was the acting .
 This movie really left me cold . Just could n't feel any empathy with the characters . In fact , I kinda ended up rooting for the monsters ! I mean , here they are in their cave , maybe venturing out to snack on the odd lost kid or something . Then these adventure-seeking bimbos show up and act suprised when the monsters want to make them part of the buffet ! Hey , who 's on who 's turf , huh ? Does have some nice moments of suspense-building , but overall not a satisfying experience .
 I wanted to like this film . How often do directors present their audience with an all-female cast ... let alone a cast of strong adventurous women ? And the concept of using spelunking to create claustrophobia is fairly innovative -LRB- outer-space has become too common a choice ... with films as recent as Boyle ` sSunshinetaking full advantage of its restrictions -RRB- . And , I admittedly had to restart this DVD because I was grabbing a soda when only A MINUTE into the film , the gore began . Soooo , when I pushed the back button , I was convinced this film was going to shine ... unfortunately , it was tedious stretch of blackness -LRB- for me -RRB- . Yes , this film does have several `` jump-out-of-your-skin '' moments ; however , these types of thrills are short lived and fairly thoughtless . They become disappointingly predictable to the skilled viewer . And , there are occassional moments of tension -LRB- mostly as a result of good camera-work -RRB- , but this is undermined by the poorly-crafted creatures -LRB- `` real '' or not -RRB- . The sub-par quality of these underground-predators pulls the viewer out of the film -LRB- even if the viewer believes these are strictly hallucinations -RRB- . And while the gore is well rendered , the film is so saturated with blood that one quickly becomes desensitized.Unlike many of the negative reviews of this film , I did not mind the conclusion . I 've never been fond of films that neatly tie the end in a pretty bow . And the last image is perhaps its best ... it almost worked on me ... almost . -LRB- Watch the DVD with the director commentary and you will hear Marshall say that he left it open-ended for viewer interpretation ... and a potential sequel ... so there is no need for a forced-read ... which , again , is a welcome move -RRB- . Maybe the biggest `` sin '' this film committed was to present a group of strong female characters and then reduce the conflict to one of romance . Exhausting . And , frankly , the director tipped his hand too early . What should have been subtle was painfully overt ... and while I could not have predicted the relatively `` bizarre '' events of the films , I easily predicted the final confrontation in the first FORTY-FIVE seconds of the film.Hey , a lot of viewers like this film ... there has to be a reason for that . The concept is genuinely innovative and the director bravely granted his film what he knew might widely be considered an `` unpopular '' ending . I respect that . But on both a visceral and intellectual level , it did not hold my attention -LRB- at all -RRB- . Nonetheless , just because it failed to -LRB- even partially -RRB- engage me , does not mean it will fail for you . I see its merits ... I just believe this film is deeply flawed.Give it a try and return here to share your thoughts ! And prepare for The Descent II which is currently in pre-production . However , director Neil Marshall is not returning ... though he is producing -LRB- meaning he 's involved in procuring funds , some aspects of hiring , and distribution -RRB- ... and by reading the synopsis , part II might just provide that nice bow for which many are clamoring ... what a pity . -RRB-
 Just finished watching this film . I found it to be a rather mediocre effort for the genre . I appreciate that horror is difficult to do well . Such being the case I try to temper my opinions accordingly.Like many modern horror films , this one relies overly much on visual effects and neglects other production elements , leading to an overall disappointment . I wish today 's filmmakers better understood that what the audience imagines is often more unsettling than what is shown . Given the setting of the film -LRB- underground -RRB- , implied terror and mayhem were opportunities forgone to the detriment of the film.To Sum Up : The Good
 Bland characters , murky filming and gratuitous gore make for a horror movie mess in The Descent . I did not care one bit for the women or their fates . If there 's a sequel , count me out .
 This is a lame and completely unbelievable movie straight from the 1950s-type phony monsters . A group of women decide to spelunk , with no `` flight plan '' filed with anyone . Then of course one of them chooses to take the rest into an unexplored cave without mentioning to the others that it could be is dangerous . With friends like that ... Then of course , in the cave , blind monsters -LRB- people in rubber suits -RRB- show up to murder all the women.First of all , why would such strong , fearless women in the beginning of the movie suddenly turn into cringing , screaming , and hysterical stereotypes.Secondly , the monsters are so badly done that one expects to see zippers on the back of their rubber suits.Steer clear of this movie . It is horrible . I was embarrassed for the filmmakers .
 I guess everyone 's opinion will vary , but I found this film and it 's story to be completely lame . First of all , anyone who has EVER spelunked knows that you do not enter a cave without a map . Perhaps if you 're some kind of professional adventurer and have the tools , support personnel , and the resources perhaps . However , this group of women certainly did not fit the bill . The characters were not well-developed , as some other reviewers would have you believe . They basically each seemed to fit into the stereotypical `` group of gals '' roles , when you were given any kind of glimpse into their personas . Really the only characters that were at all developed was the main character and Juno -LRB- the idiot that lead her friends , unknown to them , into an unknown cave system -RRB- , and the both of them barely at that . All we really know about the groups is that they 're women , Juno is something of an adventurer and probably had an affair with the main character 's husband , and the main character 's husband was tragically killed shortly after the group 's last adventure.Once we get into the cave the movie starts to take off ... if that 's what you want to call it . Yeah , they did a good job with the camera work and lighting , lending a sense of claustraphobia . The ` monsters ' in the film really did n't go very far instilling fear into the viewer . The big mistake they made was in showing the enemy . In a movie like this , what you do n't know is more scary than what you do know . Unfortunately , they did n't leave you with this fear of the unknown for long . After a short time , I found myself hoping for the ladies ' deaths to come quick so that the film would end . I wo n't ruin the ending , but many of you will be saying , `` What ? '' when the ` twist ' is revealed . Fortunately , I rented this movie on NetFlix , so I lost out on nothing more than an hour and a half of my time .
 If Lifetime switched from showing crappy dramas about wronged women to showing crappy horror flicks about wronged women this would one of them . This movie was not scary . It would have been suspenseful if I cared for any of the characters . You know what the best part was ? When it was over.Few movies compel me to write reviews , good or bad . This one obviously did .
 What can I truly say but that I honestly ca n't imagine what anyone was thinking when making this turkey ! Look do n't get me wrong I 'm all for women getting their due in horror movies and getting the chance to save the day and all but I think that whoever made this forgettable horror movie made one little mistake ! He made the entire cast one gender !! Which I hate the idea of for it 's one-sidedness ! And to be fair I also hated the movie Reservoir Dogs for being an all male cast ! I just firmly believe in the balance of Yin and Yang ! And it did n't help that the women in this movie were unrelatable . -LRB- even to my girlfriend they were -RRB- But worse than that the ugly cavedwelling monsters that were killing them off had no original look to them simply because they all looked like Gollum / Smigel from the Lord of the Rings Trilogy !! the ending was also myopic in that not only did n't I understand what one of the characters memories of her childhood and some birthday party had to do with anything but her going crazy while sitting around a birthday cake was such a complete rip-off of the horror movie `` Happy the Birthday to Me '' . -LRB- Which was one awful horror movie to begin with -RRB- All I can say is that there just is n't anything to recommend this dreadful movie at all and it 's better left either only watched once by the viewer and then never again or better still how about nobody watches it EVER !
 This tape should be sold as an audio only . The cave scenes are so dark , it is pointless to watch ; the direction is poor ; character development does n't exist . It is too bad the rating system does not have a choice of zero or negative stars .
 I do n't know what type of movies these people watch but this movie was NOT scary , it had NO suspense , and was just plain boring . I even had low expectations going into this . A horror movie about monsters in a cave . Geez , there 's an original idea . Anyways , maybe it 's because it was all about women only that women reviewers are giving it such high remarks . I do n't know . Maybe the ten minutes of actual action at the end made people forget about the 90 minutes of BORE you had to sit through until that point . This movie was stupid and boring . Maybe I was not as impressed because I watched this movie the same day I watched SAW IV . Now THAT movie is scary , and NOT boring .
 Frankly , this movie was o.k at best . It 's nothing to stand up and cheer , or rant and rave about . It 's not some grand piece of cinema that 's gon na make an impact on the world . It 's not outstanding or a masterpiece . It does n't have any superb actors to brag about . Nor , does it has any stunning special effects or cinematography . Frankly , I do n't see what all the rave reviews are about , but I guess it 's a matter of taste in this case , and this movie did leave a bad taste in my mouth . I really do n't know what this movie was trying to prove besides the main characters could fight . True enough , they were women , and they were tough , but I 'm not impressed by that becuase so are plenty other female leading ladies . This movie is just the female empowered version of `` The Cave '' with Cole Hauser . Only it 's not as good , and it 's a helluva lot bloodier . At least in `` The Cave '' they tried to explain to you what happened , and how those `` cave monsters '' became those `` cave monsters '' , but this movie does n't even do that . I hate it when they just throw me into the deep end of the movie without showing me how they got to that point first . I still have too many unanswered questions . Like , what the hell were those things ? That 's what I wanted to know more than anything , but they never explained it . How did they get down there ? Afterall , were they mutated humans ? , were they parasites ? , were they aliens ? I 'm sorry , but I did n't just wan na see `` cave monsters '' flying and jumping around in the dark like acrobats without any kind of explaination . I mean , for all I know they could 've been `` pod people '' , `` body snatchers '' or `` seed people '' . I know that might seem like a stretch , but this whole movie is a stretch . For me , the ending was just a teaser . What the hell was that about ? Were they trying to say that the only survivor that we thought made it out of the cave did n't really get away , but she only dreamed she got away . Do n't even get me started on the fact that they started leaving each other for dead . Why were these girls friends again ? At any rate , needless to say , I was n't impressed , nor did I like anything about this movie . Then again , this is just an opinion , and we all know what they are like .
 this movie totally sucks . i only spent 13 dollars on it and i still think i wasted my money . the monsters were so fake and it took like an hour before anything happened . the only cool part was at the begining when that guy died from that pole . thats it , the movie sucked dont buy it .
 My wife and I had a rare opportunity to find a babysitter and head out to a Sunday movie . Not knowing what was out , we began exploring ratings and reviews on Amazon and Google . While not in the mood for a horror movie , we decided to see The Descent anyway , simply because it was rated extremely high compared to everything else.So , with popcorn in hand , we rolled past previews and into The Descent.The Descent is a story of a British woman and her group of friends who enjoy extreme adventures such as rafting on rapids , rock climbing , and even base jumping . After a tragedy , the reunite in the Appalachian mountains to explore a cave . It is here that the frights begin.Without giving away spoilers , I will mention some aspects of The Descent that my wife and I discussed in the car after the movie.First and foremost , we were surprised at how much blood and gore was in the film . It was n't needed , and many times felt out of place . The blood and gore became very distracting . We both feltit was over the edge and took away from the story . Blood is n't scary in and of itself , and after a while it loses its shock value.Secondly , there were too many cheap frights in the movie . By this I mean unexpected scenes meant to stop your heart that come out of the blue and really have nothing to do with the plot . The beginning and ending of The Descent feature scenes like this . -LRB- and no , they were black cats jumping out of shadows -RRB- Third , while the acting was good , the characters were forgettable . One month from now I wo n't remember either the actors or their characters.That brings me to the fourth point
 I 'm not usually one for horror movies , but a friend of mine made me watch `` The Descent '' with her , and it was n't as awful as I thought it would be . The first half of the movie is scarier than the rest , because it involves a group of six women exploring a dangerous underground cave . Being extremely claustrophobic , that alone was scary enough for me ! However , then the women start being hunted by evil Gollum-like creatures who live deep within the cave , and the film takes a turn for the worse . If you 're a fan of horror films , you 'll probably enjoy `` The Descent '' because it 's gruesome and relatively scary , unlike most of the ridiculous films that currently pepper this film genre . However , if you 're like me and do n't care much for these type of movies at all , definitely skip this one .
 OMG six hot women totally meet every year to go spelunking , right ? Like , every year for YEARS ! AND THEN THEY MEET MONSTERS . And it 's totally realistic!And this movie is horrible , sexist , unbelievable , and the only thing that terrifies me about it is that so many people like it . Characterization ? The Quintessential Lesbian called while I was reviewing this , but I could n't hear her over the Lilith Fair compilation she was listening to.The Descent
 THE DESCENT is an ugly , boring film about six ugly , boring women with a curious mix of accents who explore a cave and are stalked and eaten by a group of Gollum wannabes . The film looks ugly and boring on Blu-ray with over staurated colors and high contrast levels . Lionsgate has packed the disc full of impressive special features which further enhance the ugly and boring nature of the film . You can watch the ugly and boring director in `` behind the scenes '' footage in a PIP documentary while watching the film . Loads of extra and extended scenes , interviews etc. do nothing to alleviate all the ugly boredom this film invokes . I bought it for ten bucks at Wal-mart and I guess it was worth that for the cool features on the Blu-ray but I sure feel ugly and bored after watching it all .
 Some things were good , but more were bad , here 's a run down of the positive and the negative :-LRB- + -RRB- side :1 . the setting of an underground cave2.couple moments that make you jump3.great concept -LRB- - -RRB- side :1 . story2.cast3.troll creatures4.tried to take itself too seriously
 Note that all of the reviews posted here are for a completely different movie `` Descent '' , NOT the horror movie `` The Descent '' . Please check what movie you are posting for before you post a review !
 Slasher films are a dime-a-dozen . HALLOWEEN . NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET . The list is lengthy . Some of them introduce new characters that send goose bumps up our backs . Others tread over old material and put a fresh spin on them . But THE DESCENT does n't do any of that.Comically labeled as `` Six Chicks With Picks , '' this cave exploration thriller has the obligatory fright scenes -LRB- you know the kind ... where something weird suddenly and loudly burst toward screen -RRB- , the attractive die-off cast , and themes trodden over time and again -LRB- from ALIENS to the horrible film THE CAVE . -RRB- For some reason this flick has gotten several positive reviews by professional film critics , but I fail to see why . There 's nothing original . Nothing that lingers after watching it . No truly memorable cast members.That we 're supposed to sympathize with Sarah -LRB- Shauna Mcdonald -RRB- , the main character , is rammed down our throats -LRB- and through her husband 's head -RRB- when a car accident takes Sarah 's family from her . A year later , a group of girlfriends get together to go spelunking and to try and heal the wounds left by the death of Sarah 's husband and child . There 's a touch of deceit going on as Juno -LRB- Natalie Jackson Mendoza -RRB- was obviously having an affair with Sarah 's husband before the accident . Whether Sarah knows of this or not is up for interpretation.As the group of six descend into the cave we quickly learn that this is an unexplored hole . And when a cave-in happens , they 're forced to find another way out . But with them in the caverns is something pale and insidious -LRB- think about the Morlocks from THE TIME MACHINE and you wo n't be far off -RRB- . But are they really there ? Is it possible that Sarah 's had a meltdown and only imagined seeing these creatures?It is n't the question of Sarah 's sanity that 'll put you off The Descent , but rather the ho-hum attitude most will have after seeing the film . It just does n't have any emotional impact . You do n't care whether these gals live or get their stomachs ripped open.The filming is also very dark and it 's often difficult to see what exactly is going on . Although caves are dark and difficult to see in , this does n't necessarily translate well to an entertaining movie experience.Still , those with a fear of enclosed spaces will probably be pretty freaked out by The Descent . The claustrophobia is easily felt , and when you add to that some bizarre ghost-like creatures with Spiderman-like crawling abilities , some might find this a lightly entertaining creep-fest .
 Almost a full hour into this movie before you see what the movie is even supposed to be about . It 's basically a chick flick with mutants in it for the last 25 minutes or so . A Horror movie ? Suspense ? Right . I guess this is the new style of `` horror '' I 'll stick with Halloween , The Exorcist and Texas Chainsaw Massacre.Basically , 6 young women go to the mountains and romp around together trying to help their one friend through the loss of her family , this consists of the first 50 some minutes of the movie . THEN they FINALLY go to this cave and after another 15 minutes you see what 's chasing them and wanting to kill them . . The mutants are actually pretty neat but you do n't see much of them as this is more like `` Sweet Home Alabama meets The Gargoyles '' . If your going to advertise a movie as `` scary '' and `` horror '' than MAKE IT LIKE ONE . This is just a chick flick with some `` BOO!s '' tossed in towards the end , stay away from this failed flick .
 I really wanted to like this movie but The Descent was a huge predictable bore snorefest . We have six women unknowingly going off into uncharted caves thanks to their egotistic leader who decides the map book is n't necessary . Throw in the predictable rockslide which traps them inside a cave infested with half human blood thirsty creatures and we watch as the women get devoured . However , before this happens we have to sit through a good 40 minutes of character development and cheap scares . BOO ! Someone jumps out at someone else and laughs . BAM ! A swarm of bats rush out of a cave . BOING ! A pipe bursts through a window , skewering someone but wait they wake up and it 's just a dream . The soundtrack was annoying and absolutely inappropriate , rising string sections and orchestrations do not set a creepy or scary mood and the tragic accident in the beginning really had nothing to do with the overall story . It was a cheap way to throw in some blood and set up the fact that one character was sleeping with the others husband -LRB- which explains what she does in the end -RRB- but was it necessary ? No , and do n't worry this little snippet of information does not ruin the movie in anyway , shape or form . It succeeds in doing that on its own . The Descent is rife with clich&eacute;s -LRB- I saw the end coming a mile away -RRB- , inconsistencies and improbabilities . My friend I saw this with jumped at every canned scare as I laughed and shook my head . The gore is good for those gorehounds out there but overall the entire film falls flat on its hopeful face . Checkout out the website for the real ending used in Europe which was cut out for the American release because we like our happy endings , do n't we ? Run , do n't walk , as far away from this movie as you can , save your 10 bucks and wait for it come out on DVD
 Yet another cheesy , cliche horror movie about a bunch of dumb idiots who die one after the other , sometimes in cool ways . Nothing creative , nothing interesting , and nothing original . STUPID ! I found it hard not to laugh . Yeah , these creatures are supposed to be BLIND , but yet they seem to be able to see just fine , and these dumb bimbos do n't shut up . I love how `` horror '' movies like this contradict themselves at every turn . The ending is nothing but laughable . It 's hard to draw the line between horror and comedy here . Just a pure joke , nothing more , unless you 're another little MTV airhead who finds this kind of crap scary or entertaining .
 The first DVD I received had no disc ! The second one I received was packaged fine but halfway through the movie it had static , skipped , etc. . Very poor quality .
 THIS IS THE STUPIDIEST MOVIE EVER MADE . AND THOSE WHO SAY IT IS A GREAT MOVIE SHOULD HAVE THEIR HEADS EXAMINE . A GANG OF BORED WOMEN WITH NOTHING TO DO WIT THEIR LIVES GO INTO THE MOUNTAINS TO BE EATEN BY SOME UNDERGROUND ALBINO , BLIND CREATURES THAT NOBODY KNOWS WHERE THEY CAME FROM.ONE , FOR WONEN WITH EDUCATION -LRB- DOCTORS , LAWYERS , ETC. -RRB- THEIR VOCABULARY IS VERY LINITED TO FOUR LETTER WORDS . SECOND , CLICHE ALL OVER THE PLACE , ONE OF THEM IS THE '' ` DUH ' I 'M FOR EVERYTHING '' CHARACTER , ANOTHER ONE IS THE `` SENSITIVE ' I LOST MY HUSBAND '' PERSON , ANOTHER IS THE '' I KNOW WHAT I 'M DOING '' PERSON , AND THE REST WISHY-WASHY . HALF WITTED GROUO THAT DO NOT QUESTION.THE END IS PREDICTABLE '' ! LISTEN PEOPLE ! NO-ONE IS SUPPOSED TO LEAVE THE MOUNTAIN . DUH ... IT STOLE STORY-LINES FROM GOOD HORROR MOVIES LIKEW ALIEN FOR INSTANCEIF I COULD GIVE NEGATIVE STARS TO THIS MOVIE ; BELIEVE , I WOULD
 I saw this in the theater and would have enjoyed taking my $ 10 one dollar at a time and handing it to those in line waiting to see other films in hindsight . The movie was that bad . Very little plot , silly creatures living in the cave , pools of blood -LRB- literally -RRB- , do NOT a horror film make . I mean if you are going to make a film like this , engage the viewer with some interesting characters and some real survival excitement , not this bloody inane vile mess!This movie is just as bad as another spelunking film called THE CAVE which at least had some better production values - though both shared the same `` I have no idea how to end this film and make it interesting '' endings.I have to laugh that the dvd is released with a new ending . As if that would make what went before it somehow better . The directors cut means he took a new cut with a new ending of the profits if you ask me.This movie will be available in large quantities in the bargain bin very soon . Even then its simply NOT worth your time or money.Poor acting , bad lighting , worthless plot , boring characters , choppy editing , and generally much like vomit - should be cleaned up and thrown out . Sorry ... its that bad .
 This movie is a bunch of nonsense . A group of girls -LRB- rolls eyes -RRB- explores a cave in the U.S.A. -LRB- rolls eyes again -RRB- with aliens living in it -LRB- rolls eyes a third time -RRB- . DUMB . I can not believe all the good reviews I have read . They must all be from the production staff .
 Half a dozen women go down to explore an unexplored cave -- without weapons to defend themselves with -LRB- should danger arise -- and arise it does . -RRB- Right there the filmmaker lost all credibility with me , and not only that , you could hardly see/make out what the hell was going on with anyone ; they made the cave that damn dark.I paid more than seventeen bucks for the DVD , tried to return it , unsuccessfully -LRB- Target wo n't accept returns , unless it is for the exact same thing -RRB- so ended up giving it to a friend . I do n't keep DVDs I have no respect for in my collection.This was not well written , either , and do n't believe this film director gets the horror genre at all.I suppose I 'll be waiting for the next Alex Aja flick . Now here 's someone who UNDERSTANDS what horror is about .
 This movie was about an inch of me gonging it . It was like I was in the cave watching it . I plan to sell it to Blockbuster because it is not worthy to be in my collection.The best part was the end .
 Six macho bisexual chicks go caving and find blind creepy underground things.Hey girls , do n't be so cheap and rent a guide who has done that cave before ... duhhh.It 's hard to feel sorry for dumb and dumber and dumber and ...
 I was psyched to see this flick . its rated R for gore and violence . many movie sites are praising this flick and comparing it to HOSTILE and SAW . honestly , this was a pretty routine horror film with predictability-throw in your typical RED HERRINGS and presto -- date movie . an all chick cast was cool but I really expected to see some token nudity ?! . there is none !!! -LRB- such a waste of female talent -RRB- . I will not bore you too long with plot -LRB- chicks spelunking -RRB- . whenever , those NASTIES would charge there is your typical MTV cameral shots -LRB- quick cuts -RRB- . while I can praise the special effects dept -LRB- nice looking NASTIES -RRB- - there is just too many similarities to other movies . is it a bad movie ? no , I just was WISHING for more . its really a 2.5 stars . see it on the cheap . `` obviously , I can see that all of you do not like my review -- its cool , I just tell it like it is ! '' I have seen many movies in this genre-and its just not that special . I do however love DOG SOLDIERS , a much better film than this .
 I love horror movies !!! But this is really a horrible movie , the gore looks fake and a lot of it appears to be cg although some real props were used . The actresses were very bad at acting , and not in that cool b-horror movie way either , they suck . I know tons of gore fans like myself may like this movie but its trash , THE ONLY GOOD THING ABOUT THIS MOVIE IS THAT IT IS ONLY 90 MINUTES LONG !!!!!! Guess I will start having to go back to the Asian import shop for good horror .
 THE MOVIE FOR ME STARTED WHEN THEY GOT LOST IN THE CAVE . I KNOW THEY WERE TRYING TO GET YOU TO KNOW THE CHARCTERS IN THE BEGINNING . THE DIALOGUE COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER . I DID KNOW ONE OF THE WOMEN WAS HAVING AN AFFAIR WITH ONE OF HER FRIENDS HUSBAND . I DO N'T THINK THE CHARCTERS WERE STRONG ENOUGH . MAYBE THEY NEEDED STRONGER ACTRESSES LIKE SIGOURNY WEAVER , LINDA HAMILTON EVEN ANGELA BASSET . BUT THE MOVIE HAD IT 'S MOMENTS . IT 'S GOOD TO WATCH , AND IT 'S GOOD TO PUT ON WHEN YOU HAVE MOVIE NIGHT WITH FRIENDS . : - -RRB-
 I just watched this for a second time after about a year . I gave it 2 stars because of its science fiction merits but would have given it one star otherwise . A group of women descend into a cavern and ca n't get back out due to multiple stupid mistakes and underground monsters . The main mistake was the way they handled their battery problem for their lanterns which had limited use becaue of low battery life . Instead of alternating use -LRB- having one latern lit in the lead and the others following the first person they either used glow lights or had them all on . Many other flaws and mistakes led to their demise leaving me unsympathetic to their plight . In addition the ending was confusing . Interesting to watch regardless .
 A group of young women get more than they bargained for when a weekend caving adventure ends with them getting trapped in a cave that is inhabited by flesh-eating monsters . `` The Descent '' is essentially just an updated version of `` Deliverance '' , but nowhere near as good as its predecessor . Having read so many favourable reviews of this film , I went in wanting to like it . However , try as I might , the film just did n't work for me . I could go into detail about all of the things that I do n't like about this film , starting with the characters , who just did n't appeal to me , and finishing with the film 's ending , which I found to be depressing . However , the biggest thing that I have against this film is the lighting or lack thereof . Think about it . This film is set deep inside a cave . There is no light except for the torches and flares of the main characters . That means that a lot of the time it is impossible or , at the very least , extremely difficult , to figure out what is going on , and believe me , staring at a dark screen for an extended period of time is BORING ! Perhaps if I could have seen what was going on I might have found this film as frightening as other reviewers claim it to be .
 I thought this movie was one of those horror movies that took forever to get to the point !!! It reminded me of Wolf Creek which I barely watched . These movies make you want something to happen so bad that u almost turn the movie off . Finally when it did get to the good parts they were pretty good . I wish the story line could have figured out a different way to find these creatures instead of showing flashbacks of people cheating with other women 's husbands before he died and Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah . Different storyline , same characters . Might have then been awesome !
 Buyer beware . This is a version with a feel good hollywood formula ending . It is not the original , it was redone to give the US viewers a somewhat happy and typical USA horror ending / resolution , -LRB- pretty symbolic of our countries state I would say -RRB- . Get the European version . I bought this thing w/o realizing they redid it , now I am buying the original --
 What a major disappointment this movie was . It 's just a bunch of horrifying images with little to no character developement . Was I supposed to care about these women or just watch them all die and hope I find the death scenes enjoyable ? And exactly how many centuries would it take for humans to become bat like is beyond me , but I do n't think it would have happened just yet . And how strong are these things ? They can take down large game and wolves but a 110 pound woman can take out 4 of them at the same time ? Whatever . The deleted scenes are horrible and deserved to be deleted , maybe they should have deleted the whole movie . I gave it 2 stars just because the movie was somewhat watchable until the end . What the hell was that anyway ? If it would have ended with the dream getaway I would have said it was a bad movie , but the actual ending made me dislike it even more . I say you should waste less of your time and get the Cave instead . I even liked Dog Soliders , what happened ?
 Are you scared?This is yet another episode of `` How to Frighten Audiences With Loud , Unexpected Noises '' ... except , by now , we can see them coming from a mile away.Certainly , The Descent was full of promise -- a stunning accident leaves a woman alone , shattered . She 's a risk-taker , a spelunker , together with a group of female friends who like edging up close to death and feeling the thrill . But , with the accident , she apparently folds up , and her friends do n't stick around to help.And so , sometime later , these `` friends '' agree to draw her out with an exciting new adventure -- caving in the depths of Appalachia . Maybe , they figure , the danger and excitement will reignite their friendships , and maybe their friend 's life.And so , down we go into this gaping hole of a cave , deeper and deeper into the Earth ... and maybe the subconscious . Monsters of the Id and all that.But , if that sounds provocative , rest assured that The Descent is nothing more than a spoiled opportunity ... a half-baked , half-executed , and never more than spottily realized exercise . Sure , the cinematography is first rate , filled with interesting angles and colors . The cave scenes are spooky , and the claustrophobic moments work.But , sadly , we have a director who thinks that jarring and unexpected noises are the most profound way to frighten an audience ... and that if you introduce an undiscovered race of demonoid creatures , an audience will suspend all disbelief ... and that a horror movie can survive even if all of its human characters are entirely unsympathetic , and many downright unlikable.In the end , The Descent is a film version of a roller coaster ride . Sure , the crazy spins and falls will get teenagers -LRB- and maybe a few adults -RRB- to scream and cheer , but those looking for a good story and some genuine scares will likely be disappointed , particularly with what could have been .
 I had high hopes for this film based on the reviews of others and the press . I love creature films and indications were this would be a good-budget , well acted change from the cheesy norm.It has a fantastic 1/2 hour , that being the last 1/2 hour . Until then it 's little more than a National Geographic caving episode with a few cautious over-the-shoulder glances from a character or two thrown in , and creepier music . Although some scenes may have you nibble a fingernail or two , it 's more because of some spelunking challenge than any genuine sense of dread building toward the attacks you know are coming.I give it credit for having a female cast that does n't sit around and cry , stand and scream , or trip every time they try to run . Good performances of strong , no-nonsense women here and all the better for it.But we 're back to that last 1/2 hour thing . Once it leaves the realm of the Discovery Channel and finally turns into a horror movie , Descent becomes a real thrill . But even that last 1/2 hour is killed by a total downer of an ending . I mean , not every movie has to have a happy happy joy joy ending , but the last 2 minutes were just a roll-your-eyes groaner.Big letdown .
 Let me start by saying that I may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . Numerous people where I work told me that this movie , `` The Descent '' was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . In their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . Well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because I was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now I will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , `` The Descent '' `` The Descent '' begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . One year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . So as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . Making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal.At the beginning of watching this movie I was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . However , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . At first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . Then the filmmakers introduce a fact that I felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . So , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . It 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . After this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that I was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . A decision I somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . On the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there.Even though `` The Descent '' was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . `` The Descent '' is unrated and contains violence and language .
 A group of girls , some similar to the Powerpuff girls in prowess , get in lots of trouble when they embark on an adventure in an unchartered cave with some little surprises waiting on them deep in the cave . To be quite honest with you , I have lots of friends that are girls , and not one of them would even think about going into a cave like that ! Anyway , `` The Descent '' starts off very well , and it is a very entertaining movie , overall . In fact , the very isolated and claustrophobic trappings of the dark cave scenes were really effective at creating a superb presentation of terror and horror movie atmosphere . The creatures that the characters encounter are quite creepy at first . However , when these girls start killing them like roaches , the creatures lose a bit of their prowess as horror movie villains so to speak.All in all , this is a good effort with only barely adequate acting ... the characters really do n't stick out with any kind of consistency except for Juno , who is undoubtedly the most flawed yet also the most interesting character of the bunch ... that 's not saying much at all , however . Of course , there is also the idiot , Holly , who is so impetuous you can not help but be disgusted with her stupidity . Still , it is difficult to relate to these characters at least to some degree . Part of this may be due to the nature of the movie itself , how dark the setting of the movie is which causes difficulty -LRB- at least during the first viewing -RRB- in distinguishing the characters other than Juno , Sara and the idiot , Holly . This movie does suffer from lack of character development -LRB- which is part and parcel for a movie of this nature -RRB- , and undynamic characters as a whole . The acting could have been much better , especially Sara played by Shauna McDonald , and , to be perfectly frank , the creatures realistically should have been more formidable against Juno and Sara . Just think about that for a moment ... in reality , do you really think any of these women would have stood even a snowball 's chance in hell at getting out of this cave alive with those things in there ? I mean it 's not like these girls are the powerpuff girls or anything ... well , on second thought , as this movie portrays them , maybe they are or something like that I guess.Still , the creators of this movie were really on to something and the first half of the movie was very good ! It 's only that when Juno and Sara start killing the creatures like roaches in the basement that the movie 's credibility as a horror movie becomes questionable in my opinion , and that is enough to bring the movie down a little bit . I think `` The Descent '' is a cute movie and worth owning , but it stars the Powerpuff girls-type characters , and that 's kind of lame and unrealistic when you think about it , at least that is my opinion.Sure , girls can be tough as nails , but this movie goes too far in this regard . In reality , these creatures would have made minced-meat of these women . I mean Ripley in `` Aliens '' had a hi-tech machine gun to fight off the aliens ... these girls had some climbing tools and they chop up the creatures like they are Japanese steakhouse chefs chopping up zoucine and onions . Indeed , the primal instincts of these women became apparent by the movie 's end , but if the creators of this movie were looking for strict realism , these women would not have survived the first attack of these creatures . The fact that Juno and Sara are transformed into She-Ra type characters cheapens the movie in my opinion , at least to a certain extent . Still , `` The Descent '' is a pretty good horror movie and is an example of a movie that points the horror genre in the right direction , albeit very imperfectly .
 I liked this movie when I look at it as mindless entertainment . But all the reviews that this is new and groundbreaking are ridiculous . This movie is full of cliches from American horror that were predictable 10 yrs before `` the Descent '' was made . For one thing , echolocation is n't something that only works when something moves or makes noise . A creature with echolocation is able to spot prey even when it is inert and silent . Another thing
 I was expecting good things from this one , with all the hype it 's been getting but I ended up disappointed . Things start out pretty slow , but I do n't mind when filmmakers take their time to develop their characters and lay the groundwork for what 's coming . That 's not what they did . You get an hour of bad dialog between characters that are nearly indistinguishable while they explore a cave . They 're all more than a little bit irritating , so by the time something actually happens you 're trying to figure out which one you hope gets it first -LRB- my pick got it , the only part of this film that was n't dissapointing -RRB- . Gollum-like monsters begin chasing the girls around in typical horror movie fashion , and we discover two of the girls have some kind of innate ninja abilities that allow them to fight off large quantities of Gollum-monsters . The rest of the girls buy it , but that does n't really matter because you ca n't tell them apart anyway . The movie ends without giving any closure , but kind of implies that maybe not everything actually happened . You know , just so people will confuse the lack of plot for some kind of mystery they need to figure out.In short , this thing is plagued with characters with no depth that routinely do unbelievable things -LRB- even by horror movie standards -RRB- , scares that are all created by cheap camera tricks and editing , and a story that tries to be more than what it is . People have said it really captures the claustrophobic experience of being trapped in a cave , but that 's really unavoidable when you 're movie is in a cave . It 's like saying Jaws really captured the wetness of the ocean . That 's great and all , but I 'd rather they captured the experience of an enjoyable movie .
 I thought they did a good job with makeup in the movie but the script and the way it was directed was not typical for a movie of this type . Made it feel more budget .
 I normally do n't write bad reviews of movies , especially horror , but after seeing how many stars this movie was getting I have to stand up and say `` Huh ?! `` If you read the book by Jeff Long you 'll be ashamed to have seen this movie and thought it was any good . Perhaps reading the book first is why I was so disappointed with this movie . The two have almost no connection except for the `` monsters '' , and the idea of being underground . The movie had very few `` suspenseful '' scenes and had to rely on shock value most of the time.It did , however , create a strong atmosphere of being secluded and closed in , better than any underground movie I 've ever seen . I literally began to feel the claustrophobia come over me from watching some of the scenes , but that was the only reason to give this movie any stars.It has gore for gore , the plot is not well thought out , the acting is only so-so , and it has a typical female heroine . The ending also leaves alot to be desired.In conclusion , read the book and see how great this movie should have been !
 Remember the end of that nightmare ? When you 're cornered , nowhere left to run -- your brain commands your feet to run , your hands to fight , but you 're frozen in place . You 're body wo n't obey your mind 's commands . You open your mouth to scream , but nothing comes out . And just as you 're about to be eaten alive , you wake up sitting straight up in bed , soaked in sweat , your mouth open in a silent scream ... . sorry , this movie wo n't take you there . This had good scare potential -- trapped in a cave with unknown creatures lurking about , but it went downhill once the real action began . Yes , the scenes are dark & shadowy . It 's in a cave ! I do n't have any complaints about the lighting . It adds to the atmosphere . Anyone , who 's been in a cave , knows that lighting and filming in a cave , while maintaining realism would be challenging . I agree with some of the other reviewers -- the Enquirer 's bat boy was stolen ! The cave monsters were a little too humanoid , and lacked the physical adaptations for their apparent abilities -- claws , large ears , large , powerful jaws , large canines , maybe some sticky , gecko-like feet , etc. . Sure , these women might be physically fit , and it might 've even made for some good film footage , but they 'd be no match for prehistoric , meat-eating , underground cave dwellers ! The last scene between Sarah & Juno -- what the ?! After Juno went back for Sarah , no less ! You would n't wan na go spelunking -LRB- or anything else -RRB- with friends like these . Vengeance for what ? The accidental death of another friend as Juno fought for her life while everyone else fled like rats before an earthquake , simultaneously abandoning an injured friend and leaving Juno to fight alone . It 's each woman for herself in this movie -- a good way to get yourself killed . And if none of that makes this movie annoying enough , there 's still the wishy washy ending . You 're left wondering how it really ended . Did she or did n't she ?? A big let down after so many rave reviews here . Does n't live up to the hype .
 READ THE BOOK !!! This is just a horribly pieced together slasher film . The book is a really good read , do n't see this unless you 're trying to scare your eight ear old sibling .
 I ordered the DVD and it would not play the last two chapters , so I received another DVD and it still would not play the last two chapters . I only got part of my money back for something that was not my fault . I am not very happy with how the purchase turned out . I have not heard why both of the DVD 's would not play the last two chapters also .
 I 'm not sure why I gave this movie a chance in the first place . I suppose wasting the money to rent it is my own fault , since I got exactly what I anticipated
 Wow - i remember renting this when it first came out , and probably would have both excited and scared me if i was 12 , ok maybe 13 or even 14 . Beyond predictable , and the scary stuff was just smoke and mirrors to me . Really a waste of time as I have seen better B plots . Filmography was decent but that was about it
 I SAW THE MOVIE BUT IT 'S BORED AT ALL . ALSO IT 'S NOT ENJOYMENT . THE CREATURE WAS STRANGE AND DISGUSTING . I THOUGHT THIS MOVIE WAS GOOD-LOOKINGBUT IT WAS NOT . ANYWAY THIS MOVIE WAS A FAILURE .
 I did n't find the Descent to be a very interesting film . It was a predictable storyline about a bunch of young women who go into a cave , and then they predictably get stuck and have to search for another way out.Once they 're stuck in the cave , you can probably guess what happens next . Odd creatures come out -LRB- who apparently ca n't see , and have to rely on their hearing -RRB- and attack the women , in different ways . They were n't as scary as people made them out to be . Just typical-looking monsters.A big problem I had with the Descent was that the picture was incredibly dark , because the majority of the movie takes place in a cave , so darkness is mostly all around them , except for the flashlights and whatnot . A very dark film.There were a couple moments that made me jump , such as that scene in the beginning of the film when the woman jumped out of bed and walked to the window . Other than that , the movie was just a typical horror and bloodfest . It would be a good idea to look elsewhere .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I jumped once , but that does n't make a scary movie . The first half of the film , nothing happens . . they all meet up , try to appeal to the male crowd by being all female , and you have all the typical characters . The know-it-all , the one with a bad past , the cocky one , etc. . The reason this is not `` intense '' is that you see the creatures completely , they look like naked people that are all greasy -LRB- it 's not a sexy as I just put it -RRB- . and even the ending ... spoiler ... you do n't know if she sees her friend who either somehow , impossibly made it out , or she is seeing it in her head , like she was doing throughout the movie . This is not even worth renting at the store .
 Just finished watching this movie and the best thing about it is it finally ended.Slow , boring , and extremely gory with uninteresting characters tied to a script filled with cliches . That about does it except if you 're having trouble sleeping do watch it since it 's a wonderful cure for insomnia .
 After getting about five minutes into this movie , I was wondering why I should care . I was wondering the same thing at fifteen minutes , half an hour , an hour , and all the way through the end.Frankly , I was bored , I thought the suspense was completely transparent , the characters unbelievable , and the acting mediocre at best.Complete waste of time . Watch paint dry instead . You 'll thank yourself .
 I have nothing good to say about this movie as it made no sense at all execpt that the female 's British accents were cool .
 I 'm disapointed that I 'm never getting back the 99 minutes of my life I wasted on watching `` The Descent . '' It 's just as stupid as the Project Greenlight movie , `` Feast '' -LRB- horror/sci fi -RRB- . This one definitly goes on the list of movies I wish I DID N'T watch . VERY predictable ... tried working off of sheer gore ... and when that did n't work ... well ... I was kind of cheering for them all to die . ; - -RRB- The best part about this movie : I did n't pay to rent it , my sister did ! Hahahaha ... P.S. PICK SOMETHING ELSE ... ANYTHING OTHER THAN THIS IS BETTER !
 If it wasnt for the suspense and the sudden frightenly few moments in the movie I would have given it 1 star .
 **** NEW ADDED INFORMATION *** I have found out some new information about this film that could change my rating to a better one . This movie had two different endings . The version I saw on cable TV ends with one girl injuring one of her friends and then leaving her in the cave to be eaten alive while she escapes . When she gets to her car to leave she sees the friend in her car sitting next to her -LRB- like a haunting memory of what she did to her -RRB- I did not like this ending at all as it has been done a ba-zillion times before . I would like to know the other ending if anyone would care to explain . END OF ADDED INFO **** The biggest problem with this film is lack of true character development . Having a woman lose her family in a car accident does not create a 3 dimensional character . Typical sub-plot about one friend fooling around with another 's husband ... blah . . blah . . blah . From the time this movie begins until they reach the cave is an excruciating example of bad character development . I did n't care about any of these people and when you do n't care about the characters , the movie is in trouble.On the plus side , this movie has some creepy moments and it is extremely claustrophobic , but it 's has some of the stupidest situations I 've seen in any film . Do people actually do these crazy things ? Why anyone would want to crawl into a small dark hole the size of a basketball in the middle of nowhere is beyond me ! Once these characters put themselves into this predicament , I just could n't wait for them to die ! The creatures are very creepy and when they are on screen , it 's quite tense , but it 's too easy to make the audience jump in this dark setting , so I ca n't award too many points for those types of scares . Stupid people go to stupid place and die horrible deaths ! I give it 21/2 stars . This film could have earned a 4 star rating with a few small changes . It 's not unwatch-able , but it not all that good ... unless you like pretending your buried alive !
 Or , `` Geez , is that what they mean by Post Partum Depression ? ` Neil marshall 's spelunk-a-dunk with she-hunks gone terribly wrong has been favorably compared to Aliens , and in one sense it 's easy to fathom why
 I made it through about an hour of this horrible picture , I kept hoping something would happen . When a monster ? finally appeared , it was like watching a silly kiddie horror film , after this I said I 've had enough , everyone else watching it with me felt the same way . This was the british version , uncut .
 had been given such a write up on this - disappointing to say the least . No shocks - highly predictable - and with a theme that has been done to death !!
 For me the whole accident event at the beginning was irrelevant , it added nothing . The idea for the movie was good but I could see things going south early when the director would resort to completely unoriginal gimmicks like having a character start to turn back in the cave and the music blasts and whoooaaa , it 's just her friend that she did n't know was right behind her even though there is no way someone could come up behind you in a pitch black cave wearing a light on her helmet and not know she was there . Lame . The director also made everything move way too fast during the action scenes and since the camera was right on top of it and it was terrible lighting , half the time you could n't tell what was going on . He should definitely explored the `` ancient explorers '' aspect of it to give it some interesting depth because the `` dynamic '' of the women 's interactions was of no interest at all , half the time I could n't even tell who was who . A typical horror movie , could have been much much better with some vision from the director .
 I recently watched the blue ray version of this movie with the expectation of the new horrow classic , but unfortunately it was a big disappointment . I hope this is not your introduction to the new horror genre because high tension , them , may , and inside are all far superior than this film -LRB- French horror is awesome -RRB- . The movie spent alot of time setting up for the scenes in the cave and had some pointless story before they finally even got to the cave . It seemed like for over half the movie you are sitting there waiting for something to happen . It was so dull , luckilly I had my computer and was surfing the net . I also feel that creatures themselves looked like a knock-off of a sci-fi channel movie . They look like a combination of nosferatu with pirranha teeth . If you see the movie for hot girls you may be happy , but do n't expect much to get you to excited ... i.e. no nudity . -LRB- A cardinal sin if hot girls are in horror movies -RRB- There were some scenes in the cave that were quite intense , but not enough . They should have had more scenes concerning the isolation and darkness of the large cave . They also should have created more suspense playing with the emotions of the audience . All the characters seemed to have light moving in the cave through the whole movie , and I believe that if some scenes in complete darkness would have been far more effective . Overall I feel this is no better than any of those straight to video horror movie .
 I 'm gon na be the Simon Cowell judge of this film.A FIRST.First film with only girls -LRB- except for an early husband scene -RRB- ! Opposite `` The Thing . '' Promising so far.Skipping to the beginning , about 30 minutes in
 How about something original for a change ? I thought that 's what `` The Descent '' might be . Wrong.Scary films , at least the majority , have become Gore Films over the past decade . The occasional , really spooky , rare treat pops up and surprises me , like The Others -LRB- back in 2001 -RRB- . No gore , no intenstines , no copying of a dozen other movies . Unfortunately many horror movies seem to copy from others , and blatantly . The fact that `` The Descent '' takes place in a subterranean cave is possibly the only original thing going for it -LRB- and I 'm not certain that I have n't seen this setting before as a major scary movie location -RRB- . Some good vibes from critics and word of mouth , and even Stephen King 's praise , encouraged me to check out this film . Remind me to ignore movie critics and Stephen King from now on . It seems that people must enjoy gore and sadism in scary films these days . Why else would they praise this movie ? Maybe that 's all that they expect from new horror films , because of Saw , Hostel , some recent remakes , and such . What a shame.Like `` Deliverance '' , this film introduces us to some thrill-seekers who are ready to bite off more than they can chew . Like `` Dead Calm '' , there is a tragic accident at the beginning . Like `` The Shining '' , the camera looms high over the car winding its way through a mountain road . Like every other horror movie before , we are shown the Night Before The Terror when we are introduced to the characters ; and in the morning we are shown the Photograph of the Happy People who unknowingly may be going to their doom . Like `` The Hills Have Eyes '' , there are nasty things hiding , who have been there for a long time and have adapted to the environment . They are hungry.This film is bonecrackling , bloody , stomach turning , suspenseful , gory stuff . That 's not a compliment . This is all nothing we have n't seen before . What a disappointment.The women are incredibly , unrealistically fierce and formidable when faced with the vicious creatures . Funny , but there was no backstory about these gals all being self defense experts , and yet they conveniently knew how to kill an albino cave cannibal in less than ten seconds . It was all like hyped-up superhero action/violence . Ho hum . Not scary.And the filmmakers show entirely too much of the monsters . Remember , guys , in future , less is more . And less is also scarier . You can leave something to the audience 's imagination . We 're not cave dwelling freaks , thank you very much . Overall , I was not very impressed at all with this movie . I want something more than the usual ` no brainer ' junk that Hollywood spoon-feeds the audience . **** Spoilers ahead ... Proceed at your own peril ! **** Before the women head underground , the filmmakers make a huge point of showing us that the stupidest character has intenionally left the guidebook behind in the car . This was unnecessary ; instead , could n't the book have eventually , accidentally fallen into a dank , gooey pit at some point while the women are spelunking ? We will soon discover how stupid this Idiot Woman really is , anyway , when we learn that she 's jeopardizing her pals by leading them to the unexplored cave , not the one they were supposed to enter . The guidebook is n't even necessary in the film.The last ten or fifteen minutes of this film really stank . We are given not only a nasty , ridiculously savage act of revenge against Idiot Woman , but then we are deceived by a dream sequence that is disguised as a happy ending . My eyes are rolling in annoyance . There was so much possibility there , especially with the ending . But again , there is mimicry , even in the dream
 I had some problems with this film . It seems pretty implausible to me that six potential models would even take on this expedition . Even if I accept this premise , none of the characters distinguished themselves , so I therefore had no emotional investment in any of them . When they ultimately get to the depths of the cave things just become dark and confusing . By the end of the film I did n't know who was dead or dying and really did n't care.This is a well made film , but it could have been great if they had taken a cue from ` Deliverance ' and reduced the amount of characters to four and gotten a well known actress or two .
 I read the bookThe Descentby Jeff Long first , and LOVED IT ! I was excited to find out there was a movie based on the book , until I watched the movie . I was convinced that the screenwriter did not actually read the book , but just heard about the story from a friend of a friend , and kind of made something up around the idea . The movie is good , but really has nothing to do with the book other than some demon like creatures in a cave - and I must say again , the book is such a great read . I might have rated this movie with more stars if I had not had such high expections unmet by comparing it to the book for the duration.The Descent -LRB- the book -RRB- by Jeff Long one of those stories that you 'll want to tell everyone about as you read it , and you 'll be loaning out your copy to everyone that you can convince to take it . Tell then that if you 're not a reader , read the first chapter . SO FREAKY ! If you `` kind of read sometimes '' , read the first three chapters . The first chapter is about some mountain explorers , the second chapter is around legends from a native african tribe , and the third chapter is from a military perspective . The rest of the book goes in to connecting the three perspectives -LRB- individual explorers , legends , and military involvment -RRB- into a thrilling story that will stick with you . If you 're an avid reader , read all of The Descent and then it 's sequel , Deeper . Deeper starts with some missing trick-or-treaters , and goes more into scientific and religious discussions around Long 's idea of devils .
 Hmmmmmm , a few thoughts come to mind , gruesome , goulish , bloody . If you like that , then you will love this . It has a good plot , movie keeps you on your toes , but the blood and gore in the movie is apparent and graphic . Not suitable for children , period !
 As I write this I 'm 48 min . into the movie and i do n't know if I 'm watching a female version of cliffhanger or a Horror movie . All I have seen is 5 females have a sleepover in a cabin , some woman get stuck and starts to hyperventelate and some woman have a hard to time crossing over a hole . So if your up for watching 5 women having a caving expedition with the usual female driven bickering among each other then i would recommend it but if your looking for horror see Wolf Creek or something . Oh by the way i 'm 56 min . into it now and still nothing . Save your money .
 My expectations were very high when I bought this DVD . The first 45 minutes of the movie were a little slow , but seemed to be building up some momentum . The first 15 minutes of cave diving with the bush league spilunkers was OK ! . After that , the flick just turned into another slasher movie in a cave . The darkness added little and the plastic vampires were a little too stupid to watch . Nothing more than a slashers flick ! What a total disappointment .
 This was a lame attempt at ? -LRB- Horror , Drama , Action , Sci-Fi -RRB- ALL OF THE ABOVE ! Basically it 's a Lifetime Cable movie that breaks out into the absurd -LRB- and it takes 45 minutes of its running 99 minutes to do so -RRB- . We have the women friends who are adventure seekers that results in a tragic accident and loss , and then the bonding and healing by seeking adventure again together only a year later -LRB- over many beers and idle small talk in a cabin -- perhaps a drunken lesbian love fest would have helped the movie at this juncture -- just kidding , okay , maybe not , because the film is that bad -RRB- . The girls take due diligence in having all proper equipment for a spelunking trip and then not using it -LRB- such as Guide Books , or Ropes that connect one another when going through narrow passages -RRB- . After taking safety precautions for the trip they drive carelessly and at great speeds over muddy narrow mountain roads that could kill them all at the slightest spin-out -LRB- again , this is just the beginning of stupid -RRB- to get to their destination . Of course , there are -LRB- scary , unexplained -- NOT ! -RRB- animal carcasses , convenient cave-ins of centuries-old rock formations , equipment loss , classic convenient stupidity leading to injury and death , and feeble attempts at sudden frights , such as Bats shooting out of a rocky crevice -LRB- ooooh ... scary ! -RRB- PURE LAMENESS ! Add to that , Golum -LRB- obviously he found a role for him and his family after LOTR -RRB- , and his family 's thirst for blood underground and the poor `` helpless '' girl victims are there for the taking . On top of it all , the Golum-like creatures are blind , but only conveniently as well when the scene requires them to be blind . UGH !!! I 'm guessing the positive reviews here have been written by marketing interns working for the studio or DVD production company . Do n't buy the tripe , and do n't waste your time . Still Seeking Some Silly Subterranean Screams see `` The Boogens '' from the 1980 's -- a Real B movie that does n't try to take itself seriously ...
 This film is utterly horrible . Gore shoots from the creatures and women as if propelled from a pressure washer , the creatures somehow rip several of the women to shreds without their teeth coming into contact with flesh , their movements look ridiculous as they are not actually moving more quickly but the film rate is , the `` monsters '' are on camera far too much and end up looking silly rather than scary , a woman accidentally kills a companion in the heat of battle and is judged , crippled and left for dead by another of the group , a dream/gotcha ending , and a nonexistent plot.I am a fan or horror movies , but this one is just not good . It starts off with a compelling story and then ends up being a slasher flick with characters so annoying , protagonist included , that you can not wait for them to die . Although a lot of time and money was spent on special effects , it is not a redeeming factor . As an obscure military leadership saying goes , `` You ca n't polish a turd . ''
 Until now , there was some debate aboutPlan 9 from Outer Spacebeing the worst movie ever made . Well , the debate is over ... The Descent -LRB- Unrated Widescreen Edition -RRB- wins that prize hands down ! There 's definitely something wrong with a movie when you find yourself rooting for the monsters more than the victims . And how come all the monsters look like mindless male brutes ? Hmmm ... Thank goodnes for the FAST FORWARD button , and even more thanks for the STOP button . Now , if I can just find the FORGET button !
 Taking the classic James Cameron ALIENS premise , except going underground , this really got nowhere , despite all the great reviews -- I got nowhere ! I am sorry but I found nothing new . Perhaps its me , I am retard ! but I felt I was robbed of time . I found it lacked story , and the moral of the story was odd . ok , in the end , the main character dreamed it all -- did she ? The Journey to the Centre of the Earth had much more imagination and charm by the rope length !
 I was really excited to rent this based on the 4 star reviews . Needless to say once I started watching it , I was bored for the first hour . Then these ridiculous looking monsters appear out of nowhere.ABSOLUTELY BORING , HARD TO SEE , and STUPID . WORST MOVIE EVER . . try Halloween orExorcist if you want a REAL horror movie .
 I read a book by Jeff Long with the same title and about the same subject . Though the book started a bit slow , it took up speed and turned into one of the best reads ever , to me . I was wondering how they would turn something so interesting and complex , and psychological into a video . They did n't . This does not , at all , represent that book . If it pretended to and I were the author , I would sue . What a travesty . Boring , schlock , Hollywood representation , turning every interesting story into the outlike of a horror movie that once sold well . Please , if you like the idea of this story , buy the book . Do n't Waste Your Time .
 So , this movie starts out with a creepy scene where the main character loses her family , then some seemingly supernatural things happen ... And then guess what ? The entire rest of the movie has absolutely nothing to do with any of it . A movie where the entire first sequence has no purpose , and may as well not have been there , is already off to a bad start ... The rest of the movie is just pointless . Things happen exactly as you might imagine
 Okay . Let 's start with the good . The atmosphere was suitably claustrophobic . The background music fit the feel of the movie . The crawlers were well-designed . *** SPOILER ALERT *** Unfortunately , the movie did very little to make me empathize with the `` heroine '' . Juno had an affair with Sarah 's late husband . That was bad . But she was vilified even more for accidentally killing another girl in the insanity of a battle with some of the crawlers , then leaving the girl when she fell to the ground . I 'm sorry , but with the wound that she had , I would have expected her to be dead . But , when Sarah wounds Juno and leaves her behind , I lost all interest in seeing the main character survive , which is just as well , since the movie does n't give us any indication that she escapes the caves . Well , at least until part 2 ... .
 The peaceful life of a reclusive clan of cannibalistic subterranean cave dwellers is shattered forever when their home is invaded by a troop of foul-mouthed women on a mission to convince cinema goers that rude , aggressive , egotistical , profanity spouting twits are the new cool.Horror cliche after horror cliche is evoked as the women , several of whom appear to be high on a toxic cocktail of steroids , PCP and testosterone supplements , make several elementary caving mistakes -LRB- my favourite was the one deciding to go running through a dark tunnel she 's never explored at full speed -RRB- then go all Lord of the Flies on the cave 's inhabitants and each other , with ample servings of pointless gore.The movie has no atmosphere whatsoever to work off , so relies on jolting the audience from time to time . The only genuinely scary moment that actually made effective use of the claustrophobic cave environment is the one where one of the women gets herself wedged in a narrow tunnel -LRB- nevermind that the tunnel collapsing on top of her inexplicably helps her free herself -RRB- . To add to the fun , the opening 10 minutes or so of the movie has little to do with what happens next , before being arbitrarily evoked towards the end to justify some more gratuitous violence.In the final scenes of the Descent the protagonist detaches herself from any sort of credible plot or character motivation , and a laughable twist is inserted into the final moments of the film with all the aplomb and originality of a derivative grade 2 creative writing exercise.The production values are good , and this comes from Britain , which may be why it got far more attention than it deserves . A nightmare , but for all the wrong reasons .
 This movie -LSB- now a DVD -RSB- was made in 1958 and it covers the pilots who flew over the Himalayan mountains from Burma-Tibet-China ... this movie lacks genuine art/direction for the various tableaus look so flimsy throughout the entire film ... every GI was spit-shined and plenty of booze for all hands -LSB- is there a war going on ?? -RSB- ... Victor Mature is almost in every scene as a hard-bitten Commanding Officer but shows hardly any emotion even when annoyed ... the cast around him is second string all the way except for Ward Bond ... and as for singer Johnny Desmond , he is totally forgettable in the role of a pilot ... on the bright side the Chinese actress LiLi Hua is perfect in her virginal/traditional role and very easy on the eyes , too ... the story/line is good with a tearful ending for the only survivor to arrive in the USA ... I think it is over/priced for the final product ... this here movie could have been Vic Mature 's sayonara to his long and wonderful film career ... SSGT CHRIS SARNO-USMC FMF
 Oh , God , do I remember seeing the dummy 's face in the ads . That was the scariest thing about this movie . I was probably about 8 or 9 at the time . I remember watching `` The Incredible Hulk '' on a Friday night and the commercials came on . This face appeared on the screen and I thought it might be the show , but it was n't . They kept zooming in on him and I got scared . From then on , every time I saw the ad , I would switch the channel or cover my eyes . And over the years , whenever I 've seen the ad , I 've nearly jumped out of my skin . Yeah , Fats was SCARY !
 Whenever anyone I know blathers on about how great an actor Sir Anthony Hopkins is , I tell them to stick this in the VCR . It 's a horror movie , alright
 This was before Hannibal embarked on a reign of terror , rife with Vintners Quarterly chatter and soap opera stare-downs . Back when he was a shy lad on the stage , slathering his porcine frame with ectoplasm and whipped butter . He could n't get a date unless he was standing under a palm tree and one hit him on the head.Could he?Of course he could . The 1970s were a very dull decade
 One of my all time favorite movies has been edited for television recorded extended long play , and packaged as though nothing was done to it . do n't buy this tape wait for the dvd version that should be coming out soon .
 `` Magic '' poses the question of whether ventriloquist Corky Withers -LRB- Anthony Hopkins -RRB- and his dummy Fats are two separate entities or Fats is just an extension of Corky 's twisted psyche . Alas , the answer is telegraphed too soon so whatever suspense director Richard Attenborough is trying to muster is drained away . Anthony Hopkins does n't help matters by chewing the scenery in a performance that 's neither terrifying or funny . Ann-Margret is essentially wasted by being called upon to model tight sweaters which , in retrospect , is not entirely a bad thing . Hight point of film is Burgess Meredith as Hopkins ' agent . Author William Goldman should sue the screenwriter but be adapted his own book .
 I really wanted to like this movie . I 'd heard about it for years , and being a fan of subtle horror as opposed to thestandard blood and gore crap , I must have unconsciously expectedthat this was a lost gem with the great Anthony Hopkins . It is n't . I have n't often encountered films that are deservedly obscure but this is n't one of them . It is really disappointing to see Hopkins ' talent wasted on a one dimensional mess of a character , the schizophrenic Corky , and see that really creepy dummy Fats , and realize what this film could have been if any imagination or effort had been into it.This was undoubtedly a chore for Richard Attenborough . He had rich material , great actors -LRB- Ann Margret , the late Burgess Meredith and of course Sir Anthony -RRB- , and emerged with an unbelievable clunker that at times borders on sheer absurdity.The whole turn of events from the beginning of the film is beyond belief . We first see that Hopkins ' character Corky is ashort tempered , quirky man who has aspirations to be a magician . He is laughed out of numerous clubs and booed constantly to his angry dismay . Then just a little later on the film we hear he 's been on Johnny Carson . And yet he 's still `` scared of success '' and does n't want to make it big?None of this makes any sense.The `` love affair '' between Ann Margret and Corky is ridiculous . All the sudden Corky , who is certainly no catch , decides to take up residence while hiding from his agent in a cabin structure deep in the woods that just happens to be run by the girl he loved in high school . He behaves like temperamental , freaky jerk and all the sudden Ann Margret falls in love with him and wants to leave her alcoholic husband for him . By the end of the movie he 's killed two people and Corky still thinks he can just leave and have a happy life with her.The only remotely effectual part of this movie is the relationship between Corky and Fats , and there are some chilling moments . There are some bone chilling scenes as we see just how insane Corky is , unable to make decisions without Fat 's illusory confirmation and constantly being tormented by him . Fats is also amusing , though . He talks like a little mafioso.The ending is sad , true , but not that sad if you look at it logically
 This is overall a real hoot ! Anthony Hopkins is superb ! `` Fats '' the dummy steals lots of the scenes.The question that crosses my mind is which is more frightening the Dummy or Ann Margarett trying to act!Burgess Meredith is great as the manager . One point of interest is the horrible score by Jerry Goldsmith . He throws in a great harmonica riff when we see `` Fats '' , but during some of the more `` romantic '' scenes the music is so cloying it would make Yanni blush.Don , t miss the extras where they talk with the real `` vent '' that worked with them on the movie.If you like movies that are a bit `` outside '' this is a must have for any collection.Pete Cavano
 Gangland Seasons 1-6 is your usual glamorization of the Gang Life , Of Street scum , Of what Liberals feel sorry for `` The Disenfranchised '' , The so-called victims of Capitalism according to the bleeding liberal , the Activist Judges , It gets 5 stars For INTEL that can be gained to fight fire with Fire . I do n't want to hear the same usual defense of the Fatherless children , the haves and have nots . I grew up poor , I never thought of Fighting the Man , I rather be the Man than Some Poor Excuse , Poor Victim.And Join the Communes and Ranks of Animals and sociopaths on bent on the elimination of their own peoples and neighborhoods , I do n't want to hear `` Sociologists '' talk about the Discrimination of the Blacks , Hispanics and so fourth and the banding together in Defense . All Weak justifications of Joining a Gang . You have Jesse Jackson -LRB- Like Sharpton , Race Baiters -RRB- Half Brother 's Connection to the Underworld shown here , so it is informative , but is it History ? I think the History Channel Like lots of Television has given in to What 's Hip ? and Sadly that is Reality series and History of Street Trash .
 Indepth information about PadrePio - but the story could have been told in the usual 90 mins.This man suffered with the stigmata for 50 years ! Locution - Read hearts - Heard confessions for 18 or more hours a day - people waited days to have him hear -LRB- read their hearts -RRB- confession .
 This is a terrible movie , both from a religious and artistic point of view.From an artistic point of view , it is often incoherent , the plot line jumbled , the characterisations inconsistent . Also , many things are changed around in the film , that would have been more potent had they retained the details of reality they were denied here.From a religious point of view , the story flat-out lies regarding Saint Pio and events in his life , aspects of his religious beliefs , and comes very close to slander regarding fictional events portrayed in this film . The film portrays his father as confessing to adultery -LRB- this can be nothing but fiction , as confessions are sacred and sealed - plus , his father and mother were very devout and saintly and devoted to one another -RRB- , and it portrays Saint Pio as having some sort of romantic obsession with one of his spiritual children . Nothing of these sorts took place . Ever!From an artistic point of view , the device of an elderly priest harassing Saint Pio on his deathbed is almost humorously clumsy and facile . I could not laugh , however ; because this is also another untruth . No such person visited Saint Pio.From a religious point of view , I also found this story device distressing . The film strongly implies this man is the devil or one of his emissaries - and yet , Saint Pio begs him to hear his confession . This would not happen . Saint Pio literally battled satan daily , and the devil never won . And yet , in THIS film , Saint Pio is portrayed as wailing , `` Why does he -LRB- the devil -RRB- always win ? '' . Sacrilege.I wish I had my money back . I wish I had the two hours of my life back which were spent watching this lying , clunky , ambling trash bin of a film . The filmmakers clearly have an agenda against religion , shown at every opportunity - lecherous priests , money grubbing religious , etc. . My skin felt like it was crawling , watching this -LRB- and yet I felt I must , to be truly fair in my summation -RRB- . They portray Saint Pio as an athlete bounding up stairs even in old age - in reality he slowly shuffled due to his stigmata wounds . Some of their jabs are subtle , others devious -LRB- see above examples -RRB- and still others are outright slaps in the face - of our dear Saint and of the Church . I felt anger watching it , but most of all sadness , and traces of the evil - some of its lies were so sneaky . If you have n't read every book about Saint Pio you possibly could - you might not know just how badly some of the events of his life are twisted , here.Saint Pio asked his spiritual children not to give him a black eye . This film gives him a black eye . I hope you will not buy it . Please seek out a documentary or a book made by those who loved and knew him , instead . This film did not have the participation of such . Perhaps you should ask yourself why .
 So excited to receive this DVD and watch the life of Padre Pio ... and So disappointed when it was ALL IN ITALIAN and did n't even have sub-titles ! The cover and title of the DVD are in English . All the reviews were in English . No one mentioned you you needed to speak a foreign language to listen to this DVD . VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 Yes the movie is `` beautiful and touching '' as another reviewer stated . However , it is also quite wrong . I have read just about every biography of Padre Pio published in English -LRB- and there are many -RRB- and can assure you that you must read credible biographical works before you see this film if you want to know the real Padre Pio . Then if you still want to view this movie , you can sit down and spot the outrageous errors in the movie.Question
 This is a very , very long film , but poor performances make it longer . $ 24 is a lot to pay for an incomplete story line .
 I 'll start this review much like I did with ` Harry and Tonto ' , by being completely honest with you . I personally feel that Sidney Poitier is an extremely overrated actor . I find him rather stiff and when he does get into varying displays of emotion he feels forced in my opinion . I know that this a minority opinion here , but it is mine and I stand behind it firmly . He reminds me much of Nicolas Cage , very mannered and just the type of actor who does things from the book rather than from the heart . There is a difference , and that difference is that at least Cage has delivered two very Oscar worthy performances . Poitier was not so lucky.With that said , if I were Poitier on Oscar night back in 1963 -LRB- Oscars would have been held in 1964 , but whatever -RRB- I would have been ashamed to look out at the audience and see my competitors , Rex Harrison , Albert Finney , Paul Newman and especially Richard Harris and know that I robbed them of an Oscar with a performance that is n't even in the same league as theirs.The film is also quite choppy and much undeserved of the Best Picture nomination it managed to rack up for itself . It is decent at best , but it never really takes off like it could have . ` Lilies of the Field ' tells the story of Homer Smith , a traveling handy-man who gets hustled into building a chapel for a group of German nuns he stumbles across in his travels . The nuns are lead by the very bossy yet very genuine Mother Maria . She has survived the Nazis and has retained war wounds so-to-speak , but while her interactions with others may seem stern and unsociable she has a tinge of weakness in her voice that plays on her fragility . Homer is apposed to staying , wanting his days wages and then to be off but Mother Maria fights him every step of the way until he decides to stay and finish the job . By the films end both characters learn to let their pride rest and embrace the love of others.The script is n't very deep , just riding on the surface of subject but never breaking into the type of character study this could have proved itself to be . It seems somewhat empty until the last few moments when some purpose is breathed into its lungs . Poitier tries to deliver here , but you can tell that he is trying and that kills a lot of the experience . The only performance I really found worthy of mention was that of Lilia Skala who played Mother Maria . She really got into the heart of this woman and managed to make her seem real to me . ` Lilies of the Field ' is raved by many , considered a masterpiece and a landmark in film . It is a landmark in that it provided us with the first African American Best Actor Oscar winner , a feat not to be repeated until 2001 when Denzel Washington won for his performance in ` Training Day ' -LRB- and since both Jamie Foxx and Forrest Whitaker have taken home top honors -RRB- , but aside from that there is nothing impressive about this movie -LRB- and Poitier 's win was very undeserved and thus very unimpressive -RRB- . I know Oprah wo n't be happy with me for this , but it had to be said ; sorry .
 I think the point of this film is about faith . Everyone likes a good miracle movie . Right ? Well , not quite . There was plenty of cringe worthy moments regarding race . Mr. Ashton calling Homer ` boy ' and then telling the nuns that Smith was lazy and shiftless-but still wanted him to work for him . -LRB- Weird . -RRB- I hated the scenes where he was just shuffling to please them . And I did n't understand why Mother Maria simply could n't say ` Thank You ' especially when she was begging for everything . Out of all the good roles Poitier has played , they give him the Oscar for when he played a good field slave doing what he was told . Whatever .
 ordered this DVD for the holidays . Purchase was confirmed . After received 4 emails that the DVD would be shipped shortly , the company cancelled the order stating they did not have the item .
 rotten to the core , rotten to the core , rotten to the core and oh yes , did i say ROTTEN TO THE CORE !!!!
 THE DVD WAS A GIFT AND I AM EMBARRASED THAT IT DOES NOT WORK . IT WAS PUT IN 3 DIFFERENT DVD PLAYERS AND NO GO . I WANT ANOTHER WANT SENT TO ME FREE WITH NO COST FOR POSTAGE AS WELL . I WANT IT SENT EXPRESS .
 Of all the DVDs that I have purchased through Amazon , I have neverhad any difficulty before . Upon receiving this DVD , I put it asidewithout checking it -- it was so nicely packaged . Upon receiving arequest from Amazon to review the purchase , the DVD was unwrapped , but it would not play on my machine , showing an ERROR message.The vendor had sent me -LRB- in Norfolk , VA -RRB- a Region 2 copy -LRB- forEurope , Asia , etc. -RRB- . Yes , when I went back to the listing on Amazon , it did specify `` Region 2 '' , but that would have meant nothing to me , even if I had noted it.I give a 1 Star rating because the system will not accept a 0 Star , and I guess the nice packing deserves 1 Star.The vendor takes no responsibility for the goof-up , and it has costme more -LRB- $ 5.00 for Priority Mail -RRB- to return the DVD in order to get apartial refund . Am I happy ? Heck no !
 Was n't as good as I thought it would be . Disappointing to say the least .
 This is one of my favorite movies , so was very disappointed when a format was sent that would not play on my standard DVD player . I am in the process of returning it and hopefully will be able to exchange it for the correct format so that I can enjoy it once again .
 The other user comments are technically correct . The film is great ... in its original version . `` Deadly China Hero , '' however , is a clipped version of the film `` Last Hero of China . '' I highly recommend the original film instead of this one , which cuts out several crucial scenes and important subplots . There 's no reason to settle for this hacked-up version .
 When I first put this DVD in I noticed that they cut away the opening , then the movie starts and I ca n't believe my eyes as the quality of the DVD is even lower than my VCD version , this is just frustrating to watch . The subtitle can not be change or removed since it is fixed onto the movie , the subtitle is in chinese and english use at the same time , the quality of the image is so below par that the subtitle at times ca n't even be read . Another thing is the audio , you ca n't switch between Cantonese and Mandarin like on my VCD , yes this too was fixed to cantonese only . There is no extra features , you might as well buy a VHS tape , which would probably be an improvement on the picture quality . It does look like they tranfer this movie from an overused VHS tape with no other intention then to sell it to unsuspecting `` customers '' -LRB- read victims -RRB- .
 Deadly China Hero is a poorly edited version of the original Last Hero in China . I 'm glad so many people like it but it lacks about 15 minutes of the original movie and they are the minutes that make it a cohesive movie instead of a jumble of martial arts fights . This taking of a classic martial arts movie , chopping it up , and then releasing it under a different name has got to stop ! People deserve the chance to see the original movies !
 I bought this film on a whim , since the store I went to did n't have ` exactly ' what I wanted -LRB- OUATIC 2 fer sure -RRB- SO I figured I 'd watch the last in the series since OUATIC and America was a HUGE disappointment for me . I have yet to make up my mind on Jet Li films . And this put me in the negative state -LRB- again -RRB- The story was slow and unmoving , the characters were not interesting , the fighting was sparse -LRB- why else get a kung fu film ? -RRB- and the last fight with Jet in a chicken suit -LRB- JET LI IN A CHICKEN SUIT !!!!! -RRB- was the last straw . I 'm sorry , but if Fist Of Legend was his best , then this must have been by far his worst . `` I would n't buy this DVD with YOUR money !!! ''
 I am writing this review without having even seen the movie itself , for the shock I got as I received this product was enough . I got the dvd , and the first thing that hit me was that the cover did not fit on the box well . . why ? because it was printed on a home printer , and when I opened it , the product itself apparently was burned at home as well . Basically , I paid for an original movie and got a bootleg .
 I love some of Jet Li 's work -LRB- esp . in LW4 -RRB- , but this movie was just terrible . Way too much wire-fu , the plot was unintelligible and it seemed like the whole film was in fast forward . The only saving grace was the horrible job of translating on the subtitles . Example
 It seems like a large company produces these videos -LRB- probably in the 70 's or 80 's -RRB- but it I still ca n't believe that this is part of a series ! Is seems like someone made them in their basement . I ca n't attest to whether there is really great sewing info in it , because I ca n't force myself to keep watching it.The woman is reading from a script like a first grader that just finished hooked on phonics . Extremely monotonous tone , I ca n't stand to watch her and I keep falling asleep ... really falling asleep!Other people had mentioned how boring it was , but I did n't think boring mattered if I just wanted sewing info . Boy , was I wrong.The other goofy thing they do is start `` showing '' you how to read the back of a pattern package , but then they forget to zoom in on it so you ca n't even see what they are pointing to.Why so much money ? This video should be a $ 10 movie -LRB- or less -RRB-
 Poor production from the early-mid 80 's can not be corrected with a `` remaster '' attempt . I purchased it directly from the company a few months back . With the greatest respect for the lady giving the sewing instruction who can be your best friend 's mom up the street , the production values are so low and filming techniques so outdated as to be useless to observe . They make use of a mirror on her work surface , a camera does not go right into her work much of the time and contrasts are low . Editing was also very choppy at times . The resolution is so poor that I could not see critical details . It just is n't easy to see what she is doing half of the time.Good solid information is given for beginners but I can not recommend this product . Not good value for the price . I honestly believe the company should scrap it -LRB- and the series assuming the rest are like this -RRB- and start over .
 I was eager to find a DVD that should show me how to sew ! But I was dissappointed when I received my DVD . It was probably recorded way back in the 80s . I had really problems following the steps the Lady showed . I found it rather boring to watch , and it is still standing on my shelf , and I 'm not sure , if I will ever watch it again . I would rather recommand a sewing class to someone , who wants to learn how to sew , than paying almost 50 $ like I did for this old and boring video . It 's not worth the money !
 Boring , speaker very unenthusiastic , not enough sewing information
 Waste of money . I purchased all 7 and gave them away . Hard to watch .
 See the cover ? What does it remind you of ? Me ? National Lampoon style movie . This ai n't it . This is an independent film . Yes , there is nudity , but not the Playmate variety . Yes , there is drinking & drugs & wanton sex . This is not however one of those slick productions we 've all grown to love . This is a poorly lit & acted movie . The lead character will stop & randomly talk to the camera while everyone else he was just speaking to ignores this , ala Ferris Bueller without the charming scamp . These are normal , everyday people who got together to make a movie about a guy on his 30th birthday taking stock of his life , his friends , family & generally how he 's living & finding himself wanting more all the while discovering it was right before his eyes the whole time . Not fairy tale style tho . In the deleted / extended scenes , he tells the camera that at parties such as his , it 's best to carry around an empty beer bottle so he has a legitimate excuse to leave the conversation cause he needs a fresh one . I say skip this . Seriously , do n't bother unless you need more angst in your life .
 I accidently orded blu-ray instead of dvd . I have sent two e-mails asking how I can exchange this and have had no response to either of them . At this point I 'm very unhappy with Amazon and whoever else I ordered this from . There is no return address . We were looking forward to the ninth season and are unable to watch it . I do n't think I will be ordering any more from Amazon.com
 I am confused . I read most of the reviews about season 9 of Smallville , and I just do not understand how anyone can rate the various elements as they did - that is to say , as great , well-acted , great plot lines , and so on . To start with my worst impression , the character of Zod as acted -LRB- euphemism , that -RRB- by Callum Blue . I found Blue to overact without fail ; to have consistently repeated annoying mannerisms , especially facial mannerisms around his mouth and lips , positioning his tongue in the weirdest way I have ever seen in an actor , and very distracting . I also found him repulsive physically , and can not understand the attraction of Mercer toward him . Alotogether , he spoiled every scene he appeared in . Ugh.Now - as for the plot - or plots . To me , the story line was a most confused , illogical , unbelievable mish mash of stories , somehow engineered to get us through every episode while pretending to be interesting , `` advancing '' the story in an orderly procession . Hm . Many scenes were either repetitious or unbelievable , again , shoved in the strange story line to try to tie it all together . My reaction to every episode has been WTF , and an impatience to get my viewing done with -LRB- to justify the expense of buying this season -RRB- . I suspect that several reviewers forced themselves to like the story and to write a gushing review , instead of telling it like it is
 Smallville 9 is a loser the entire season , not merely a few episodes . `` Kneel Before Zod '' is a thorougly unlikeable character ; I think I would dislike even the person behind the portrayal , as the British accent is just so totally alienating . Season Nine is the `` chick-flic '' year
 what started off as an interesting tale of the beginning of superman , has become nothing but an excuse for unnecessary violence -LRB- are they trying to turn this into a slasher movie ? -RRB- and a total hash up of a genesis . buckets of blood , making it almost like a superman meets `` saw '' plot . this superman origin plot is totally incoherent , rediculious and even at some levels quit laughable and not to mention tedious . we have a martial expert lois lane , who even at one point dons a superhero costume . most of the characters seem to know clark kent 's `` secret '' , so it would then seem unnecessary for him to eventualy have a secret identity and wear glasses . where are his trademark glasses ? . so far two of the central characters , who are pivotal to the superman legend , namely jimmy olsen and lex luther , have been rediculiously killed off . come on , jimmy olsen suppose to be work with clark and lois at the daily planet while superman dons his trademark costume and saves the day on many adventures . not to mention the most rediculious killing off of superman 's most infamous arch-enemy lex luther . just does not make any sense . lets not forget one of the most laughable character changes , lana lange has now become a superhero , with superpowers and ability to fly , even before clark is able to fly . at the end of the day this is not a plausable , supeman origin tale but rather a mess with gore added for no logic reason .
 Please beware that this DVD that I purchased for use in the UK is the wrong region number . It was sold to me who live currently in the UK but it only works in region 1 DVD players which made me really unhappy to know that to watch it I need to change settings of my DVD player but it has to be watched at once because I wo n't be able to change settings again and again as the appliance can malfunction after that . The return policy should cover this type of problem and refund 100 % in those cases . It was not advertised that it would be a problem to play it in the UK which was really not a good sign . All customers have the right to know exactly what they are paying for.I am disapointed with amazon and this company for letting that happen .
 NEVER even got my order now they are telling me it is no longer available yeah season 9 of smallville dont think I will be ordering from amazon again !!!!
 Smallville season 9 is downright the worst season of Smallville . The plot is not interesting at all . The plot of Smallville has really gone downhill . However , the finale episode showed great promise . I believe that where smallville really got messed up , was when Micheal Rosenbaum -LRB- Lex Luthor -RRB- wanted to leave the show . In my opinion `` Lex Luthor '' was a big reason why the first 5-7 seasons of Smallville where so good . I think if the producers could convince Rosenbaum to come back , that would turn the show around.Overall , I thought season 9 of Smallville just was not very good , however , I have hopes that the 10th -LRB- and final -RRB- season will be great !
 When the Eighth Season of Smallville concluded , I wondered how the show could sink any lower . The show 's writers had drawn out the Doomsday plot arc all season , then blew it on an anti-climatic finale . Unfortunately , they did n't get back on the right track until very late in Season Nine ... literally , the season finale.This season continued the pattern of featuring more obscure Superman comic book characters , including Metallo , The Dark Archer , Roulette , Toyman -LRB- a return appearance -RRB- , and the Justice Society -LRB- in the seasons only other passable episode -RRB- . Though I applaud the show for trying to feature more aspects of the Superman mythology in lieu of the `` freak of the week '' angle , the fact of the matter is that these character just do n't resonate as much -LRB- and thus do n't create as much drama -RRB- as the major villains of seasons past . When I think of Superman baddies , the hierarchy is Lex Luthor -LRB- done -RRB- , Zod -LRB- don ... twice , actually -RRB- , Brainiac -LRB- done -RRB- , Doomsday -LRB- done -RRB- , and maybe Darkseid -LRB- hinted at as the Season Ten primary enemy to Clark -RRB- . The other guys/gals , at least to me , are just fill-ins . The primary story arc of the season , though , focuses on the return of Zod -LRB- this time in body , not spirit , form -RRB- and his army of followers . Though the acting of Callum Blue is wonderful in channeling Terrance Stamp 's movie Zod interpretation , ultimately his character 's angle feels overly drawn-out -LRB- including a romance with Tess Mercer that is utterly ridiculous -RRB- and does n't produce any real drama until the very end ... once the fate of his character has already been decided.Plus , it would n't be Smallville -LRB- broadcast on the CW network -RRB- without the nauseating love triangles that only serve to create a little hollow drama or sexual tension . Oliver/Lois , Clark/Lois , Clark/Chloe , Oliver/Chloe , Tess/Zod , and Tess/Oliver are all covered this season , and none of them are likeable whatsoever , usually treading over already-covered ground or going in completely ridiculous , outrageous directions.In terms of acting , Tom Welling -LRB- Clark -RRB- and Allison Mack -LRB- Chloe -RRB- turn in solid efforts , but Erica Durance -LRB- Lois -RRB- is still sickening , as is Justin Hartley in portraying Oliver Queen . Blue , as mentioned , is a joy to watch , but his primary foil -- Cassidy Freeman as Tess Mercer -- pales in comparison -LRB- again -RRB- to Michael Rosenbaum 's Lex Luthor.Thus , despite an incredible finale that came out of nowhere to actually whet my appetite for the 10th -LRB- and final -RRB- season , this installment in the series was another monumental disappointment . I can only hope that the writers/producers build on `` Salvation '' and deliver a more consistent final effort that will make we WANT to tune in ever Friday night , not doing so like a chore .
 I have a strong connection with excellent speed . The show stopped at least 4 times due to signal disruption . I have no problems with connection at any other time . When the video did play , the video was high-def half of the time . I purchased high-def , but it was not good sound or video quality . The price and availability are the advantages .
 The faces in the close ups are cut halfway so you basically only see their eyes and you miss a lot of stuff happening in the scenes . I love the show . This is a rating on the quality of the video playback , Not the show .
 It was so low that I could not hear it.I turned my volume up as loud as I could get it but still had toreally listen to get what was going on . also very dark . I loveSmallville & had watched it last night on t.v. but still did notenjoy this cause I could not hear it .
 Another iffy episode worth skipping . I would n't waste my time with this episode . All because there are some special moments for Clark and Lois does n't make it worth 5 stars .
 Have watched all episodes from the beginning , own all of Season 6 , 7 , and 8 with last two in Blu Ray , and come to the conclusion that when the producers of Smallville gained rights to do the show , it was never expected to last for ten seasons . It also limits Clark Kent to Smallville , growing into his Superman identity ... . but the producers are not allowed to have Smallville 's Tom Welling appear as the red/blue/gold caped and flying Superman that everyone knows and loves.NOT ALLOWED and the writers are trying to keep Smallville going with various plots that dance around different characters , trying to keep Lana in the Smallville Clark 's life , with different enemies and issues including the not-the-real Jimmy Olsen being killed.Season Ten is supposedly the last Smallville , , , disappointed in one way as the first seven seasons were fun to watch . IF DC Comics and producers of Smallville were smart . . they would allow Tom Welling continue into the complete flying full blown Superman character that everyone expects . Could be done as a major movie ... or done as a two show introduction , , really well done ... with Tom Welling dressed and acting like Superman character , with several shows using Justice League characters , Superman with Lois , etc. etc.Movie Superman Returns did n't go anywhere . Smallville and Tom Welling , with good writing and stories could carry Superman for the next decade ... Bet season ten does n't have Welling in red/blue Superman outfit and flying . Any takers ?? Season 9 is not as good as 8 , which was n't as good as 7 which was the end of the Smallville 's good stories . . hate to say it because I 'm a fan and enjoy watching the show . Personally may wait till it gets cheap in Blu Ray to buy , having watched once , it 's not something to invested premium dollars to buy . .
 This 9th season is just embarressing . Confusing , nonsensical , illogical , and just plain lazy writing have ruined what was once a fun and enjoyable show . I own and have watched every season of this show and it has definately been getting worse . It 's feels like a 12 year old is writing these episodes now . Rather than come up with creative ways to move the story along they rely on characters acting like idiots who have no idea what they should be doing . Or worse yet , doing the opposite of what they would normally do just so they can get to the next scene . Ahhh ... who cares about continuity ! Who cares about logic ! Who cares about whether these episodes make any sense ! Not the amatuers who write this show . Tom Welling , you should be ashamed of this 9th season . What exactly are you executive producing anyway ! Do you even watch these episodes ? Chloe and Tess are trapped inside of Watchtower when it goes into lockdown and NOBODY is notified that there is a problem at Watchtower ?!?! Where 's Clark ? Where 's Oliver ? Clark can save a kitten in a tree 10 states away but has n't a clue when his home base goes into lockdown due to a security breach ? At least give me a plausible reason why not a single superfriend can come to the rescue , that 's all I ask . That 's just one of dozen 's of examples of just plain lazy script writing in this unwatchable show !
 Ok , so they had a good thing going for a while with the super villains in season eight , but rather than actually finishing a story line , they drop it and start over with something else . LAME
 After season five this show should have ended but it kept going and going and going , turning into a teen drama like Dawson creek . I was so happy when they ended it last Friday and refuse to watch the finale . Instead I will savor the first five season 's of this show . I hope everyone is happy that Smallville is now done and over with .
 Superman use to be a family movie set for the young adults.You are now sending the wrong message to the young adults by adding sex to your movie.Know you have changed it to an adult movie.We buy these kinds of movies for the whole family and now you have lost my interest , by doing the wrong things .
 The character of Superman has always been one of great moral ethics , courage , and inspiration . Not inspiration to just comic book readers , but to real-life athletes , the character 's fellow comic book heroes , and to the average day-to-day person living his or her life . The tv show Smallville has done a pretty good job showing the viewers how one teenager with extraordinary abilities can change and inspire a world . at least , up to season 7 . The show has always had a knack for unrealistic and often ridiculous moments -LRB- Smallville , a supposed `` small town '' , only being practically 30 minutes from Metropolis , one of the biggest cities in the DC Universe ? Clark not going to college yet SOMEHOW getting a job at a internationally-successful newspaper ? The `` death '' of Lex Luthor in Season 8 ? The extended and awful Clark-Lana relationship ? -RRB- . But season 9 has definitely topped off the list of stupidity on Smallville . The writers must have confused the optimistic , inspirational , and heroic Superman with the depressing world and character of Batman . Clark wearing the same red jacket and blue t-shirt did get old , yes , but to change the core nature of the character Superman into some selfish , moody , and whiny jerk ? Someone should admit him to Arkham Asylum ... The show has honestly not been the same since Clark left high school.Also , the thing that is so comical about these last few seasons is the fact that Superman is supposed to be the hero that inspired all of the other heroes . In the world of Smallville , by the time Clark Kent dons the classic costume , every other hero is bound to already be saving the world , leaving Clark or `` Superman '' to whine about a kryptonite-powered Lana -LRB- thank you , season 8 ! -RRB- . No , but the real review is about Season 9 alone . While Season 8 is worth at least 2 stars for the decent character of Davis Bloome , Season 9 has absolutely no redeeming value . Callum Blue 's Zod does not come off as evil , or even as a nice addition to the cast . He ca n't even hold a candle to Michael Rosenbaum 's `` Lex '' or John Glover 's `` Lionel '' . Zod was already done in seasons 5 and 6 ! Also , -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- Lois finding out Clark 's secret BEFORE he even becomes Superman ? That is pushing it so much that it 's beyond over-the-top . The best part of season 9 was the episode `` Absolute Justice '' . There , the viewers at least saw a glimpse of maybe an inspiring hero that Clark could become . It seems ever since Clark left high school , he has been focusing more on saving Kryptonians -LRB- guess we can say goodbye to `` Last Son of Krypton '' -RRB- than his friends and family on Earth . Overall , a rating over 1 star would be too generous for Smallville
 Where to start ? Shall I begin with the same `` Metropolis street '' set -LRB- with no skyscrapers in sight -RRB- being reused and reused again to the point of absurdity , or the shoddy writing , cliche dialogue , and shocking new lows in special effects quality ? As a long-time Smallville fan , I was appalled to witness the DRASTIC drop in both production and writing quality that make Season 9 a laughable mess of an embarrassment to a series that was once great . Save yourself the time and money and DO NOT subject yourself to this haphazard mash of laziness and television network under-funding . Hopefully Season 10 will give Smallville the send-off the show deserves , mark a return to LOCATION SHOOTS -LRB- as should be the NORM -RRB- , and help us all forget that the inexcusably poor Season 9 ever existed . I have been a huge Smallville fan over the past decade , and am accordingly a big supporter of the show , but I can NOT in good conscience endorse the cringeworthy piece of GARBAGE that is Season 9 !! And to The CW
 This is the 2nd time I have received this product and it still does n't work ... All others do ... I will have to send it back
 Spoiler alert there are zombies everywhere . This was a lame attempt at a scary story , but yes Clark and Lois have a moment ... again . Do n't worry though this moment will be forgotten in the next episode like it always is . Oh and Green Arrow is on drugs , which is kinda interesting because he went through a drug phase in the comics after he started killing people . Though Ollie in Smallville mostly just very angsty and self-centered right now . Smallville once and awhile has some good writers get to do some very interesting plot lines but this is n't one of them .
 I am sorry Smallville but all those touching moments do n't make up for you having some terrible writers most of the time . So yeah this episode has a moment in the end but yeah its also not worth watching . Just move on to the next .
 Each new episode of S9 constantly amazes me at how awful this season is . It seems that following the show for 8 seasons and any dvd sets before s9 are now worthless to the overall story for those previous seasons do n't seem to matter to the show creators any more . They are simply creating a new show in S9 with no concern for the story they have been telling these past 8 seasons . Personally , I blame the focus on Lois this season for dismal ratings and utterly horrible storytelling - and I 'm not the only one who thinks this if the ratings are anything to go by . Come on , being on Friday can excuse some of a drop , but wealth of viewers that departed this show this season compared to last is mindboggling . Season 9 pretty much killed any notion that Smallville can come close to what it was like barely a season ago in s8.Worst of all , is Smallville 's idea that Superman is a thug who has no qualms about being violent to women . Holding Tess over the edge of a building ? Gleefully destroying the Two Towers with no thought for the humans scurrying out of the way on the street below ? Arson ? That is not the Clark of Smallville season 1-8 and I prefer that Clark to the black suited violent thug he is currently . I ca n't imagine how DC signed off on this version of Clark and I for one have no desire to see anything related to Superman , movies or otherwise , because of Smallville season 9 . If the `` mythos '' has decided the new Superman for a new generation of viewers is a violent thug who likes lording his powers over the humans he is supposed to protect , that I can do without . Coupled with the ignorant , fame-seeking and feminsim-regressing `` Lois Lane '' Smallville is THE WORST addition to 70 years of mythos .
 You know your childhood has been ruined when you ca n't stand the sight of Clark Kent , the alter ego of your once hero . Limping into its 9th season , Smallville stars Tom Welling , Allison Mack , Erica Durance , and Justin Hartley.The season starts with Clark Kent -LRB- Tom Welling -RRB- acting like a Grade A jerk to everyone in his life that ever meant anything to him . He is training with his psychotic father to fulfill his destiny , finally , right ? No . We still do n't get our Superman , not even close , he still ca n't fly and he wears Batman black as his `` Blur '' costume.Clark Kent is figuratively dead leaving Chloe Sullivan -LRB- Allison Mack -RRB- and Oliver -LRB- Justin Hartley -RRB- on their own . Chloe is left to look for her lost cousin -LRB- Erica Durance -RRB- and mourn her dead husband alone.Later , we see that Lois is back with a hitchhiker that confuses me more than intrigues me . As Alia dies , she gives Clark his father 's watch . Interesting right ? Not really , later in the season we find that this plot goes nowhere.All this drama caused by Jimmy OIsen 's death . Yes , I 'll say it again , Jimmy Olsen . Not even the real Jimmy Olsen to boot , but an imposter , Henry James Olsen.The first episode is the beginning of a mess of a season . Just wait till you get to the part of the season where Clark inexplicably loves Lois . Or the part where he lost his humanity when he could n't find her -LRB- Pandora -RRB- . Also , he does n't trust Chloe , the girl that stuck by him till the end . Retcons galore!The Clark/Lois romance stinks of network interference . Only in bizarre world could this Clark Kent and this less than inferior Lois end up together . Clark is an immature totalitarian thug and Lois continues to be a buffoon.Chloe Sullivan is pushed back to the sidelines . Boobs over brains rules in CW land , I guess . The more Lois is shoved down your throat , the less Chloe you 'll see . You may block the sun with a finger , but its always there . I look forward to seeing Allison shine once again sometime soon.Don ' t get me started on villains . Zod -LRB- Callum Blue -RRB- is a joke compared to Lex Luthor -LRB- Michael Rosenbaum -RRB- or even last years Davis Bloom/Doomsday -LRB- Sam Witwer -RRB- . As the season progresses you do get some good moments with Tess Mercer -LRB- Cassidy Freedman -RRB- and Amanda Waller -LRB- Pam Grier -RRB- . All and all a terrible show . Nothing like seasons 1 through 5 where you could see a hero emerging . Smallville , thank you for killing my Superman .
 smallville hasnt been good since season 5 . im sick of seeing other people mainly women with the same superpowers as superman.in todays society you just cant have any man getting all the glory without women taking the spotlight and having the same powers.just watch the very first episode of season 9 and already you see a women with the same powers as superman even having heat ray vision.clark and lois relationship is nice but its better to have a love triangle like smallville had in season 1 with lana clark and chloe of course that didnt last long.after season 5 the show started getting ridiculous with so many people getting super powers.and exactly how many times are they gon na keep using the same excuse for women to have the same powers as superman i come from the same world as you kal-el how many people have survived this doomed planet and havent shown up till now.the writers are either burned out or just cant think up anything.proof of this is the zombie episode in this season.the guy who plays zod is about as menacing as a puppy dog.i guess they brought in this british actor to appeal to uk viewers but he is absolutely the wrong kind of guy to be playing zod.also it seems unless a man has super powers he cant stand a chance of beating a woman up in a fight on this show.because they show two normal people fighting and the woman wins the fight and exactly where in real life can this happen?unless the guy is like super old and out of shape.thats how ridiculous this show has become now .
 It is sad that this series destroyed the story of Superman.Superman did not come to earth to `` learn '' how to use his super powers . Let me explain
 Superman has always fascinated me , and Smallville used to be an interesting series . But now , Clark Kent seems more a native of Dullsville as he inhabits the great city of Insipidopolis working -LRB- occasionally -RRB- a job for which he is completely unqualified and speeding around the city tackling bad guys while dressed like a Goth flasher and still trying to figure out why he 's on Earth.Superman is implausible by definition , and Smallville has always stretched the limits of reason , to whit
 The box set IS missing a Disc with episodes 9-11 !! I am going to return it !!! I am so angry . The box was resealed and I expected honesty . I really hate returning things , now I have no choice !
 Purchased the Smallville Season 9 Blu-ray set from Amazon . When playing disc 4 there is a fault which freezes the picture . While the Season 9 set , up to then was excellent , the faulty disc totally ruined the viewing experience , hence the awarding of a lower than deserved rating .
 Smallville has had its good and bad episodes from the very beginning however , it seems that season nine is filled with the the worst episodes -LRB- save for a few -RRB- which are the result of inferior story concepts and writing . In the case of the new `` villain '' focus , Zod , the development has seriously degenerated to an appalling level . Disturbingly , the main characters have also degenerated with the worst being , most unfortunately , Clark/Superman/Kent . The series appears to have lost its primary focus of Clark becoming the true comic book hero that loyal patrons , the world over , have loved for more than seven decades . This is what happens when the producers and writers attempt to recast a super icon into an ordinary , and dull , `` reality '' hero . Perhaps season ten shall redeem the series with renewed focus on the true Superman story ...
 Season 9 is most disappointing and totally loses the plot . It should never have happened . It is clear that the script writers have run out of ideas.Daniel James Callum Blue -LRB- Zod -RRB- is a truly bad actor and the worst actor they could have chosen to portray `` Zod '' . He does by no means remotely justify or fit into the initial portrayed character of `` Zod '' . To make it simple he is no `` Zod '' and besides the demise of the story line , is one of the major contributors to the disaster of this season.The Kryptonians are supposed to be a highly evolve race . They are beyond light sabers and laser guns , yet in season 9 they are portrayed as ordinary people no different from us . The soldiers are pretty much normal GI 's wearing ordinary uniforms that are pretty much on par with `` freedom '' fighters in Africa . The US marines are a whole lot more sophisticated and better equipped than these Kryptonians . It is a sad state of affairs.If you want fond memories of the Smallville saga , do n't pursue any further seasons . Season 10 is equally disappointing .
 needs to be better packaged . it came with the case broken and two discs will not play all the way through .
 I recieved the product in a timley manner but when i played the discs they skipped and there was distortion on the screen , mixed up pixels . Im not sure if it was the DVDs or my DVD player although the rest of my DVDs play ok . .
 Not for those who like accuracy , The Baron did n't collide with Boelke and cause his death , Brown was not flying a Se5 , but a Sopwith Camel when he shot down the Baron . Did the d7 come before the Dr1 ? do n't think so . The Baron sustained his head wound from an headon pass , not from Behind . And Brown snuck up from behind to kill the Baron , not from outmanuvuering him like in the movie , I could go on but ... if you do n't care bout such things , it was a three ... S!WildBillGT of the Flight sim Squad . . The Gallant Talons !!!!
 too phoney , lots of errors in the way the movie was made , also bad lip syncing from the woman singer , they played them off as ruthless killers when in fact all other stories tell otherwise . One part shows the bullet shot to the top of his head while flying , but yet when you see him with his head bandaged up its wraped around the side of his head for a wound to the top .
 While this movie touches on some of the truths regarding Manfred `` the Red Baron '' von Richthofen and Roy Brown , the man who supposedly shot him down , it makes up 90 % of it 's material from popular tripe and the sensationalistic journalism of the era . If you have any interest in Manfred von Richthofen , or the truth , rent The Red Baron -LRB- 1988 Queststar -RRB- instead .
 Well , the French countryside they fly over is quite beautiful . That said , there are many annoying aspects to this film . It really comes off as a spaghetti Western , with the odd , foreign look of the cast -LRB- I would have thought this was filmed in Hungary or Romania , quite frankly -RRB- , lips that do n't always match the words , and props that just do n't quite cut it -LRB- `` flashlight '' and `` cigarette lighter '' machine guns , ultra-red fake blood , etc -RRB- . Most annoying of all -LRB- for me , anyway -RRB- is that the airplanes themselves are devoid of ANY wear , splattered oil , patch repairs , etc , and the propellers are painted the same color as the planes ... you 'd swear they 're plastic models done by some beginning modeller ! The casting could have been better , also
 This movie was so full of incorrect facts that we just shut it off and decided that the money spent on it was a total waste as was the time spent watching it . Just a little research would have made a half way credible movie instead of a complete farce .
 Quite aside from the historical gaffes -- which are many and well documented by others -- it 's a really lousy movie because the characters are so clumsy . Everyone is nasty to everyone else . Bad attitudes pass for ` drama . ' I thought it was the worst movie on the subject of all time , but have recently seen the newer `` The Red Baron . '' While that movie has much nicer airplanes , it has its own long list of historical absurdities -- I think it ` wins ' the race to fairy tale.But on top of that , the dialogue is so silly and the editing so chopped up that you ca n't even follow the storyline.So `` Von Richthofen and Brown '' is only the 2nd worst movie on the subject . Still awful .
 To be perfectly fair about it , NOVA 's documentary disputes the claim made by Keri Bailey `` Kilby '' in the review regarding the death of Manfred von Richtoven - so while Bailey cites undenialble proof - NOVA 's documentary shows another side of the story claiming that RAF Flier Roy Brown did not and could not have shot down the `` Red Baron . '' It includes autopsy reports and photos which neither showed nor described a head wound as cited by Bailey 's claim.This review is made by author of Blood of Scotland , M.E. Grant .
 This movie was not very good . It seemed like a low budget made for 3rd world TV production . The planes were hoaky and most were the wrong type for the time periods portrayed in the story . The story of the Red Baron was incorrect as well , and the ending was totally wrong . For a movie about history it was way off base .
 Great movie . just needed a plot , a script , some acting , some directing , etc. . However , seeing those planes fly was nice .
 Hey , just like to point out that Brown did shoot down the Baron . While some people say that he was shot down by allied ground troops , studies proved that he was shot from top down through the head -LRB- not from bottom up , because then he would have been killed by ground troops -RRB- . Brown recieved a medal for his victory . Alot of guys disagree , but when its proven , then its proven , period , end of story . Also
 There is some documenting of the workings of the US State Department - but the vast majority of this `` documentary '' is putting Mrs. Clinton up on a pedestal . I am very disappointed in National Geographic . Their documentaries are normally more substance and less propaganda .
 It 's time we consumers let manufacturers know that we 're not going to be ripped-off by substandard DVD releases . Once again , a great film has been compromised by releasing it in it 's broadcast master aspect ratio . One would like to think that the public is given more credit for having the intellect to understand the difference between a re-packaged broadcast master and a newly transfered master in the original theatrical aspect ratio.So , here 's another DVD that will never be purchased for my collection . I urge you to do the same . One day , they 'll get our message and stop trying to rip us off .
 I am in complete agreement with the viewer from MN as to the unfortunate full screen format this DVD version was produced in . What a blunder ! What a loss of visual information so important to the script ! I have had to make a VHS recording off of TCM when THEY presented the movie in its ' Letterbox format . I hope someone smartens-up and rereleases Moonstruck on DVD that delivers all the great cinematography .
 Rats . I was all ready to buy this movie , but the ephemistic `` Full-screen format '' -LRB- i.e. Pan and Scan -RRB- stopped me cold . The reason I bought a DVD player in the first place , besides the great running commentaries included with many movies , is so I could see the entire image the director intended , not some cropped 4:3 editted-for-television version.Call me a purist , but I just do n't buy cropped DVDs like this one .
 Like other reviewers , I 'm baffled as to why this is not in letterbox . I can live without super-duper extras , but I have no reason to upgrade from my VHS until a widescreen version is published . The rating is reflective of my dislike of the fullscreen formatting . The movie itself is one of the great romantic comedies-a love letter to love itself , and NYC .
 This is a fantastic movie ... I would buy it in a second ... all those features and commentary sound wonderful but I wont buy this DVD until it comes out widescreen .
 I have a toshiba Blu ray player that 's a year old and this Blu ray DVD would not play in my player because it 's so new and apparently a 1 year old Blu ray player needs an upgrade that costs $ 40 . So now I 'm reluctant to buy Blu rays . I regret getting a Blu ray player at all now . I gave this DVD to a friend and I 'm sure it 's fine , so just do n't get it unless you have a new Blu ray player .
 I know that this is a very popular film , but I never understood why . To me this tale of infidelity and ethnic caricatures , borders on offensive ! I would love to see how people would react if African American families were handled the same way . Yeah , I can see it now everyone in the film is picking cotton , eating fried chicken , watermelon and talking with a speech impediment ! Or maybe Asian families with everyone running laundry up and down the street with a rickshaw and ... . talking with a speech impediment!Please do n't start hitting me with hate comments , I am not a bigot , but I like equality for all people and the Italian 's are taking it pretty hard in `` this-a dull-a un-a-romantic comedy '' . There are a few good scenes scattered through this film , but overall it baffles me why people love it so . This film did n't offend me , but I do n't see any difference between doing a caricature of Italians or any other stereotype ! ... except that it seems you can get away with it , if it 's done to Italians ???? It just does n't seem fair to me . I only bring this to reader 's attention because with all the censoring being done , it just seems to me only certain groups are taboo!OK now about the DVD , I have the older edition and the transfer seems fine as far as full screen being the correct ratio , I did n't notice anything missing or looking off center . My rating for this film is 21/2 star ... . translation `` The film-a is-a mediocre-a at-a best-a ! '' ... Now that 's Italian ! ... Yeah right ! ; - b
 The first disc was defective . Returned it for replacement . The replacement is very slightly out of sync of video and audio at the end of movie . Shows poor quality control .
 All the men are stupid jerks who screw up their own lives and the lives of those around them . Fortunately for the safety of New York City , all of the women are wise , patient and nurturing , and manage to get the bozos back on track . No wonder my wife thinks this is the best movie of all time !
 This review is not about the movie in general . There are enough of those here already . However the DVD was very dissapointing . Purportedly the sound was upgraded to Dolby 5.1 Surround . The sound instead is washed out and the volume difficult to maintain at one level . Often volume needs to be increased to hear the actors and then reduced again as the background music swells . Almost as bad is the video . It 's as if they produced the DVD off an old , beat up print . Small flashes of white and black spots continually appear throughout the movie.I bought the DVD at a reputable retailer , but it plays like a bootleg .
 The thing is DVD is all about wide screen . Good movie , would have been MUCH better in the format is was made . This is a real bummer - stay away !!
 This being my all time favorite movie , I bought this DVD as a backup to one I already have . I was not so impressed as the main menu was different -LRB- look and music -RRB- and the contents indicated on the back cover of this `` deluxe edition '' were not there -LRB- recepies , etc -RRB- I fail to see what is so `` deluxe '' about it . I will always recommend this movie but maybe not the `` deluxe edition '' because it is nothing special . I also had problems starting it -LRB- I initially thought something was wrong with my DVD player ... have n't watched it again as my original version is much better .
 Half the original movie is missing from this edition . There is no day of Cher getting all beautiful for her date with Ronnie . Her mother 's reactions to Cher 's absence and all the interaction with other characters is missing . Just ruins the movie for me . I was so looking forward to seeing this again and now this travesty .
 I just bought this widescreen edition and feel totally ripped off !!! I own the standard format edition , and because I love this movie so much , it was worth buying again in the widescreen format . This `` widescreen '' edition is nothing more than the standard format edition with the top and bottom chopped off ! This is one time you are actually better off with the standard format edition . I watched both editions side by side , and the widescreen edition was not much wider , and missing the top and bottom of the picture ! There was actually more to see in the standard format edition .
 When I received the item it sounded like the DVD had come off the lock . I gave it to my daughter for a present and she just opened it today and it is scratched .
 her fake italian accent ruined everything ! They should have gotten a real talented italian actress to be in this movie instead .
 If you are fond of adults acting like children with little to no intelligence and even less self-awareness , or if you think the ham-fisted histrionics of Nicolas Cage qualify as acting , this movie is for you .
 i have always been a fan of romantic comedies , and i 've even been able to enjoy formulaic ones such as the wedding planner and it could happen to you , but this movie is just too awful . the acting is atrocious and cher is just way too old for the part -LRB- is she supposed to look fifty ? -RRB- . personally i love nicholas cage but there is nothing appealing about his character in this movie and the thick black hair all over his body certainly does n't help.none of this would have annoyed me greatly had the lines in this movie not been so hokey and badly delivered . i think i laughed , at most , twice , which is sad since i am easily amused if the lines are halfway witty . if you rent this movie you probably wo n't die from sheer mortification that such a bad movie could be made , but Moonstruck is certainly not a good enough movie to buy !
 An Italian guy with an itchy scalp waits for dessert to ask an Italian woman to marry him . Meanwhile his brother with a wooden hand and a pizza shop and their mother try to stop the wedding . There 's a lot of strange cultural dialogue and customs in this movie I did not understand . If you do n't enjoy listening to a lot of conversation in kitchens and bedrooms I would avoid this one .
 I think that it is wise to review this cd seperately , far removed from the movie that featured it.This being said , let 's look at the merits of this cd . First off , it featured classical music . The classical music used here was not your regular run of the mill hits that we have come to cherish , but Italian classics . This could be good or it could be bad , it just depends on your taste for C music . In my case this music never struck a postitive nerve . I guess my taste for classical music is to love the big hits of the masters . You know the million seller tunes.I really felt like this music was a waste , as far as my individual needs are concerned . The only song I really got any kind of charge from was the non-classical piece `` Moonglow '' . It really stole the show in my opinion!In all fairness , I can not ask anyone to buy this cd .
 This movie sucks big time . It was so boring , dull , unfunny and a piece of garbage . Please do not waste your precious time or waste your money on this sorry excuse for a movie . This movie makes Mariah Carey 's glitter and wisegirls looks like a masterpiece . This is the worst movie I have ever seen . I do n't understand how cher got an oscar when Glenn Close was nominated for fatal attraction . Again I repeat , THIS MOVIE IS A WASTE OF TIME , DO N'T EVEN BOTHER , IT MADE ME SICK . HORRIBLE , HORRIBLE MOVIE . STUPID CRAP . DO N'T SEE IT . VERY VERY BORING .
 When this dvd was released , somebody struck out on the idea what a dvd concept was about . The commentary 's are helpful and informative . But help me understand why this academy award winning movie is not shown in widescreen ? Or not having the input of nicholas cage and his viewpoint of the making of the film ? Did I mention widescreen?This film must adamantly be rereleased as a special addition in widescreen with full attention to detail then it will deserve five stars . Until then stick to video and save your money .
 I received Moonsturck and The Seven Year Itch for Chritsmas ordered from Amazon . I love this movie and was excited to see it on blueray . When I played it you get as far as the 20th Century announcement and then a message comes up that if you have any problems viewing the bluray go to ... . then the screen stays black . Going to the suggested website was not helpful . My niece sent it back to Amazon who was quick to send a replacement . Sadly , the replacement is doing the same thing . I have no problems watching other blurays nor The Seven Year Itch -LRB- ordered from Amazon at the same time and looks and sounds great -RRB- . I do n't know if both blurays came from the same manufacturer . She will be contacting Amazon about it , since they wo n't speak with me because I did n't order it . If you take a chance on this product open it carefully because you may have to return it .
 totally unacceptable . I would not buy this movie until they come out with a version with the Original Aspect Ratio .
 I absolutely agree with all previous reviews
 Nothing is more irritating than seeing the message
 I ca n't believe this Great Film Has not been giventhe widescreen treatment it , and we , deserve.Some extraswould be nice too .
 I love this movie , it is just great and delightful to watch over and over.However the Video Transfer is a HUGE dissapointment . It is the worst blu ray ever!I do not know why people try to justify this video transfer by saying that `` it is a 25 year old film '' ... that is no reason for any studio not to provide the best experience with the new technology . Most of the fans are double dipping anyway -LRB- I had the DVD from some years ago -RRB- . The Excorsit is over 30 years old and it looks really good on HD ... Gone With the Wind is over 70 years old and it looks a million times better that Moonstruck . I know this movie is not as `` classic '' as my two examples , but at least we deserved a nice restoration , even if it included some grain and a few signs of its age , but is is horrible to see the damages on the film with black and white spots here and there all over the movie.C ` mon I doubt there will be a new transfer in years to come , I would have loved to have the best transfer.Anyway , my advice is that if you already have the DVD , skip this release !
 A cute , romantic comedy . Great scenes of Manhattan and Brooklyn . Very good character development , and Cher and Nicolas Cage work very well together . Olympia Dukakis does a great job as an emotionally deep , morally strong mother with a sense of humour . Great music too , though the 5.1 mix was not very dynamic . Sound stays mainly in the center channel , which itself was muddy , making dialogue difficult to follow at times . The video was pan and scan , which ruins it in my book .
 It 's a very interesting movie and since I was involved with a large , close knit Italian family for several years , there were many parallels to real life based on my experience ... not a bad thing at all . Very enjoyable.On the rental
 Why on EARTH has this been released in pan and scan ? I 've watched my VHS copy countless times and was looking forward to replacing it with a nice widescreen DVD . But this ? Fuggitaboudit !
 Serves me right for not checking the viewer reviews first ! I absolutely love this movie and gave away my VHS version after I ordered the DVD . So , I * still * have 4:3 screen format , not the Widescreen format I was so looking forward to . Focussing on `` content '' only would be misleading for DVD buyers , Amazon , and I 'm tempted to return it . Subtract three stars for a really irritating studio decision .
 Moonstruck is a fantastic movie ! I loved it when I first saw it and I still love it and think Cher , Nicholas Cage , Olympia Dukakis , John Mahoney , Vincent Gardenia , etc , all gave excellent performances and the plot was also outstanding but what I do n't like is that the DVD presents the movie in fullscreen and not widescreen . Okay , I know that the movie was presented in theaters in a matted widescreen format and that matted widescreen is really not all that different from fullscreen verses regular widescreen but I still would like a widescreen DVD . Or why not a DVD that has both fullscreen and widescreen ? I for one would be okay with that so until then I will keep the letterbox widescreen version I taped when it was shown on TCM ! BTW
 Note to Norman Jewison
 This is one of the best movies of all time . The only reason I dont have this movie on DVD is because it is only available in full screen . The movie is a 5 star movie but the DVD only receives 2 stars because of the lack of options for widescreen viewing . I am waiting patiently for them to change it to widescreen and until then unfortunately I suggest the same . You miss so much including the director 's vision when you watch it in full screen that it is not worth it until you can see this fabulous movie as the way it was originally made .
 The sound quality is so bad on this DVD that I am returning it . I was so surprised that MGM would release this DVD with such poor sound . It totally ruins the movie because you ca n't easily hear what the actors are saying . Also , the music is such an important part of this movie and is totally destoyed by the lousy sound which I would describe as tinny -LRB- equalized towards the upper frequencies -RRB- . I also , have this movie on an old large laserdisk , and the sound is fantastic on that media .
 The movie is superb . Putting it on DVD in full format is not . What a waste of $ $ $ ! If I pay for a DVD , I expect the letterbox format .
 I have rated the `` DVD '' the lowest possible rating , although I would give the movie the highest rating . Who makes these decisions regarding full screen versus letterbox ? With the advent of DVD 's , there is no excuse for us to miss the incredible cinematography in all it 's New York glory . I absolutely refuse to buy my own copy of this movie until it is reissued , remastered and includes some serious extras . This is one of the greatest romantic comedies of all time .
 This title , Moonstruck -LRB- BlueRay -RRB- is not widescreen , as advertised , nor are there any special features . Amazon 's return policy is quite cumbersome , so I did n't bother to return it assuming a replacement would be the same . Things such as this are becoming more common with Amazon as is my dissatisfaction . They could easily lose this customer who makes about 100 purchases a year .
 Blue Ray would n't play . Sent it back . Got a new one . Also would n't play . All other blue rays I had would play fine . Defective twice , might as well get my money back and buy it from somewhere else .
 I can not begin to express my deep disappointment in this DVD , and with NBC for producing it . Yes , as another reviewer mentioned , all the major players are here - for about 15 seconds each . Most of the winning performances are truncated to the last few seconds . There are few reaction shots . There are no interviews with athletes or experts . There is n't any of the special coverage shown during the games . Even the chapter page is amateurish
 It is difficult to find specific events in this DVD -- partly because the Main Menu is organized by Olympics Day 1 , Day 2 , and so on ; and partly because some events simply are n't there . Kim Yu-Na , for instance , is on the screen for only a few seconds . So do n't look here for her world record-setting performances -LRB- or any other figure skating performances , come to think of it -RRB- . If you know what day the event you are looking for took place , that would help . But there 's still no guarantee that it would be included.It seems that this DVD is meant for casual viewing . If you would like some sports rumbling on your TV , and you are n't particular about what , then this might be for you . It does include highlights of the opening and closing ceremonies , and of performances by Lindsay Vaugn , Shaun White , and Apollo Ohno . But they are just highlights , and you have to take them as you find them -- that is , IF you find them .
 I purchased this video for the highlights from the opening ceremonies . I 'm very disappointed in the clips that are included . I thought it would be a fun overveiw of Canada to use in my social studies class . The artistic journey through Canada has been edited so that most of Canada is missing . If you are interested in the opening ceremonies this is not the video for you .
 In my opinion , this dvd did not contain any worth while figure skating coverage . My five year old was in TEARS because we could only find five second clips of actual skating . To make matters worse , there does n't seem to be anyway to access the actual skating events , even if one is willing to pay for it . Nor does the Olympic website itself have videos of the events . I could understand if we were searching the week of the Olympics , or even that month . However , it 's been close to a year . SHAME ON YOU NBC . The Olympics are not yours .
 Too little of the the major events that I was interested in , and too much of the little events
 Typical NBC fashion presentation , covering only a small portion of the games , and predominantly their own athletes . Baffled at the lack of hockey coverage seeing as it was clearly the marquee event of the games . Do not purchase expecting hockey , if one were looking for hockey from the games CTV has a full boxed set of the team canada games . Did have nice coverage however of the opening ceremony which was nice .
 I had read several other reviews for this dvd and was left unsure about it 's content . Since it was cheap enough , I bought it anyway and I 'll hold onto it . But I 'm still mad I am unable to find a simple copy of the ENTIRE Opening Ceremony . So when it says &#34; Highlights &#34; , It really does mean just snippets of clips . Some of the bands did n't even get to finish their songs . The OVER focusing on the US team was annoying too .
 its will cost me 100 less to get the conversion of the vhs to dvd than it would to drop 200 bills to buy this from you !!!
 This film is amazing . However , do n't buy it if you want an english dub . Despite the claim in the product description , there is no dub on this copy .
 I do n't know how it happened , but I opened up my DVD case to find a pretty DVD labeled `` Lord of the Wu Tang '' in color , started up the DVD and it played `` Salsa Kings 2 '' instead of Jet Li 's Lord of the Wu Tang . I 've seen Lord of the Wu Tang by the way and it is a top notch cheesey sci fi Sunday morning karate flick with pull wires galore . The story line is classic as well and well worth any amount of sub title reading and convinced me the best chinese karate flicks are sub-titled . I 've got ta contact Amazon about the switch that happened , hopefully it works out .
 I gave 1 star for Jet li , cause he is my favorite , but a guy in a boulder shooting him with lightning ? Come'on , this movie is bad , Jet li is the man and Chingmy Yau is hot ! , but this movie was just bad , too much flying . i dont know what these people are thinking giving it 5 stars , NO WAY not even close , see fist of legend thats 5 stars !
 I 'm a HUGE Jet Li fan . I love great kung fu movies . This is not one . There is NO kung fu at all . The rest is a surreal dream that includes a guy chained to a boulder and a guy that gets stabbed and asks why he was assassinated . It may be worth a laugh , but that 's a stretch .
 Ok . . I read the other reviews for this movie and I am a little confused . Was it the same movie ? The martial arts were `` ok '' in this , but nothing I havent seen done better before . The story-line was . . ummm . well , nevermind.Oh and did I mention the film doesnt end ???? I mean I didnt really care but it still sucked to cut the story line half way though.I really wantedto like this movie ... but the only good thing I can say is that some of the sub-titles are hilarious !
 ADV completely re-dubbed the English for no needed reason on this DVD , with significant changes to the voice actors . Tristan MacAvery > DOES NOT < reprise his role as Gendo Ikari - which just plain and simple ruins it . There are several voice changes with the minor Tech Assistants as well . The stupid thing is that Gendo , the Techs , and all the others had > NO NEW < or changed lines from the series !!! The approximately 5 % of new scenes for this Director 's Cut > HAD < the original character -LRB- Asuka , Kaji , Fuyutsuki -RRB- voice actors reprising their roles - These new scenes plus the old dub track for the other 95 % > WOULD < have been perfection - but they blew it!The new scenes flush out some back story on Fuyutsuki and a small bit on Kaji and Asuka , expanded EVA fight scene on Rei 's saving of Shinji , and why Kaji was ... There are some minor changes to the visuals on some scenes such as the Terminal Dogma grave yard , the dummy plug tank , and Rei 's mind chat with the Angel.This DVD does also include the 3 original dubbed/subbed -LRB- no French or Spanish -RRB- series shows -LRB- without the new scenes -RRB- , and a chat with Weta Workshop on the proposed Live Action Evangelion Movie .
 ... I own a VHS tape of this movie and the sound is about what you would expect from a 1947 Western but the quality of sound on this DVD transfer by Synergy Ent was poor to the point of being distracting ... in several scenes the sound was almost unintelligible ... In addition the DVD has no special features and just goes right into the movie as if it were a VHS tape ... if you must own a DVD of this movie I would suggest that you shop around for a better vendor .
 The only reason why I think this `` movie '' continues to actually exist is the fact that the luscious & amazingly gorgeous Elizabeth Hurley does topless nudity in the film.Other than that asset , this film is absolutely abysmal.Atrocious acting , hackneyed script , ham fisted direction and terrible lighting.It 's not even good in a so-bad-it 's - good type of way.Avoid at all costs and just download the Elizabeth Hurley nudity off of the internet .
 I tracked down a copy of this movie solely because of J&uuml;rgen Prochnow 's presence in it . It 's getting some wider distribution lately due to the fact that it 's also one of Elizabeth Hurley 's earliest movies.This is a fun movie if you like Prochnow , Hurley , or sailing , because most of the movie is set on a beautiful 45-foot -LRB- approximate -RRB- ocean-going sailboat out in the middle of the Atlantic.Also released under two other titles
 I bought this DVD because I mistakenly thought that the premise had some interesting mystery/suspense possibilities , that the attractive , recognizable cast would deliver entertaining performances , and that , even if the plot and acting failed , there still might be enough to make the film one of those movies that is fun to watch because of how bad it is . To my immediate and mounting disappointment as the film droned on , none of this was true . Save yourself from this fate . If the one-star rating does not apply to a film like this , it has no use.The movie 's plot is undeveloped , incoherent nonsense . The film opens with a loud , dark , confusing sequence at sea where the sailor is caught in a storm and someone dies . There is never any serious attempt to explain or develop this story . Later , the now down-and-out sailor suddenly agrees to ferry two loudmouth , fringe bar singers and their bothersome dog on a 4-week trip to Barbados . During the trip , one of the singers takes an unreasoning dislike to the sailor , picks one childish fight after another with him , rummages through his possessions , and comes up with a theory that he killed the person on the earlier voyage because of a love triangle of some sort . The sailor later explains away the theory to the other singer , who seems friendlier to him , and then the whole murder theory is just dropped as if it were a mistake . After many tedious , labored , pointless scenes of the three on board quarreling , facing several trumped-up , ultimately boring seafaring adversities , and doing various routine chores like hosing dog poop off the deck , there is a last-minute , psycho-type killing on board that comes out of nowhere and explains nothing . The film ends with a cryptic message on screen about the fate of the survivors that , again , gives no meaning to anything that has come before.The film is a complete failure not only as serious drama but as light entertainment . By no stretch of the imagination is it sexy , funny , or fun to watch . The superficial , loser characters could not be less interesting or attractive . The sailor is so grouchy , withdrawn , and broken-down , the hostile singer so exaggerated in her disagreeableness , the other singer so vapid and vacuous , the petty quarreling among the characters so constant and annoying , and the tone of the film so dark that there is not an ounce of chemistry or lasting good cheer among the characters . Not only is the characters ' behavior a total drag , there is nothing erotic about the situations , scenery , or wardrobe . This includes an early , short , embarrassing scene in a bar in which one singer supposedly strips but clearly does no such thing and a split-second glimpse of a perfunctory , sleepy `` love scene '' that packs no punch whatsoever . I do not know what DVD version others saw . But if the one I saw contained any nudity , I must have missed it by blinking , leaving me only the actual pathetic substance of the film to judge.Sadly , some movies have absolutely nothing redeeming about them . This is one of them . The only thing to do when this happens is to come right out and say so . There is nothing inappropriate about this . It is just the way it is . Reciting all the movie 's flaws but then giving them a pass for no reason at all , straining to conjure and contrive tidbits that are supposedly worth watching , or engaging in speculative , wishful thinking that edited scenes or `` possible explanations '' exist that , like magic , would somehow make sense of this mess , only compounds the waste of time and money from a film like this and , even worse , contributes to the impression that moviegoers are suckers.Yet , this is all that would-be positive reviews of this film have been able to do . That spending a long time in close quarters on a boat can lead to cabin fever -LRB- and that it can be even worse if the people are psychos -RRB- is hardly the stuff of true meaning or entertainment value . Including a psycho in the cast does not mean that anything goes and that all standards of quality , coherence , or enjoyability are out the window . It may sound good to throw around terms like `` personal drama , '' `` character study , '' `` psychological study , '' `` mental chess match , '' or `` undertones of lesbian jealousy , '' but it is a mockery to apply them to this dreck . Of course there can be `` fluff '' entertainment that is enjoyable . But that does not mean that anything on a screen qualifies . What is on the screen here makes perfectly clear beyond any doubt that the movie does not deserve any of these lame attempts to make excuses for it .
 Watching this , you just KNOW that important bits were edited out to protect the current reputation of Ms. Hurley . The ending just comes out of left field - adding to the impression that something was taken out . There are hints of a more than sisterly relationship between the two female leads but not enough to shore up the finale . The only saving grace is the price is right !
 Jurgen Prochnow , best known for playing the captain of a German submarine in the classic DAS BOAT , once more demonstrates his prowess in fulfilling the role of a sailor . This time , however , he portrays a washed-up sailor , and the dangers that lurk are far more insidious than the depth charges hurled at him in DAS BOAT.This time around , he is an average-Joe who is hired by two gorgeous women to give them a ride on his schooner . It 's quite a long ride - about a month or more . The 2 women are played by Elizabeth Hurley & Patsy Kensit.So , you say , sounds like every man 's fantasy , right ? To be out to sea with two lovely women all to himself - seems like a pretty good deal . Only one catch
 Wan na make a low-budget movie and make a decent gross for your efforts ? If you are not Roman Polanski and you can not top Knife in the Water for its psychological dynamics and `` who gets the girl '' tension of two men on a boat with only one woman , then the best strategy is to resort to two women and one man . The dynamics can be just as interesting , if you have an implicit lesbian relationship and one of the gals strays to bunk down the guy . Jealousy rears its bitchy little head for the odd-girl out and this leads to all sorts of plot possibilities as well as an unexpected denoument . < > What makes the ending of Kill Cruise really unexpected is that the film has had all the interesting sex scenes cut ouf of it so that the homicidal finale comes as a totally unbelievable surprise . If anyone will release the uncut version , complete with a lesbian sex scene between Hurley and Kensit , then the ending will make a lot more sense . Fat chance . The biggest unwritten rule in Hollywood is that once some actress makes it big , anything that she did early in her career that involves nudity and sex , much less Sapphic sex , is supressed for release whenever possible . What you have left , then , with Kill Cruise , is a love-hate triangle with the dynamics so implicit as to be uninterpretable and a decent acting job by Jurgen Prochnow . Do n't bother ; rent Knife in the Water instead .
 This one does n't make a whole lot of sense , but it 's still somewhat fun . Hurley and Kensit , on a larth , go off on a boat with drunken sailor Prochnow . Prochnow has a sort of shady past so there is a little bit of tension as sexual tension begins to develop between he and Hurley . Kensit seems jealous , although whether it 's for Prochnow or Hurley we 're never really sure.I do n't mind not knowing what 's going on , but I wish the filmmakers did . Twists seem to come out of nowhere with no rhyme or reason . At first , both women seem to view the skipper as a lesser being , a plaything for their amusement . Then Kensit acts like a spoiled brat for no adequately explained reason . The final twist comes out of left field . Sure , I was surprised , but if a big squid would have popped up in the last scene and ate the ship I would be surprised too . It does n't mean it 's a good ending . The mysterious coda is the only reason to recommend this other than T & A. Days later I found myself wondering exactly what did happen . I guess they deserve points for that.The DVD is pretty rare and cheap -LRB- in presentation -RRB- . If you like Dead Calm , but are sick of watching it , get this . You might be pleasantly surprised .
 This was not a very good movie . I had to sheepishly explain to my wife why we had just wasted two hours of our valuable time . I had read some reviews that indicated that this movie was actually worth watching.Nothing could be farther from the truth ! This movie was dry and boring the entire way through . And the suprise twist ? An alien encounter would have made more sense.And the ending ... If a story has to finish with a paragraph explaining or expounding the ending , then there is definitely something wrong . Unless a story is a true story or added for humor , beware of movies that end with a paragraph on the screen . It means that even the writer did n't like the screenplay.The only redeeming factor in this movie is that you get to see Elizabeth Hurley 's chest , albeit from the side only.Anybody want to buy a slightly used copy ?
 As a huge Audrey fan I was disgusted to see that Jennifer Love Hewit was cast to play Audrey in a biopic . Not only does JLH not resemble Audrey in any way but JLH ca n't act at all , in any fashion . I see this as just another chance for JLH to be overexposed as something she is not -LRB- i.e. actress , singer . -RRB- If you buy this i recomend burning it when your done .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt does n't look a thing like Audrey Hepburn . I truely believe that the producers and casting directors made a terrible call casting Hewitt . The actress who I believe reminds people of Audrey as well as looks like her is Natalie Portman -LRB- who is an exceptional actress -RRB- . Natalie would have made a much mcuh better Audrey Hepburn .
 To start with , it was NOT 100 % accurate . The film drags too much , which makes it boring . Plus , the story ends after Audrey Hepburn finishes ` Breakfast at Tiffany 's ' , and then they show a few precious seconds of Audrey helping in the UNICEF . Frances Fisher is effective and admirable as Ella Hepburn , Audrey 's mother . Peter Giles and Eric M. were also well-casted for James Hanson -LRB- Audrey 's ex-fiancee -RRB- and Mel Ferrer -LRB- Audrey 's first husband -RRB- . Pretty much everyone else is satisfying too , except for Jennifer Love Hewwit and Emmy Rossum . I admit that Jennifer Love H. has a somewhat resemblance to Audrey Hepburn , but she was too young and did n't have enough experience and enough ` glamour ' to portray the world 's greatest actress , despite the fact that she tried very hard . Emmy Rossum played a teenaged Audrey Hepburn and failed miserably . -LRB- By the way , Audrey Hepburn is one of my all-time fav . actresses . I except she 's one of yours too . So if you 're looking forward to watching this , beware ! You may be utterly dissapointed -RRB-
 How could anyone think that Jennifer Love Hewitt looks or acts anything like audrey ? who in thier right mind could see this gangly , ungraceful , talentless , squinty has-been as one of the most beloved actresses/humanitarians of our time ? Its blasphemy and I am glad this movie tanked .
 Did n't anyone have the courage to tell the puzzlingly popular Jennifer Love Hewitt that she was just wrong for this role ? By the way , Audrey Hepburn 's career did not end after Breakfast At Tiffany 's . Zero stars ! ZERO !
 Jennifer Love Hewit is realy just a fad so her trying play a legend is just seems realy silly . For while I actually liked JLH well maybey not like but I could stand her after seeing this movie i lost all resepct for her . I do n't think any one could play her , though I think Winona Ryder in some ways reminds me of her though doubt she 'd do a TV movie . Jennifer Love Hewit maybe admires Audrey Hepburn but I still think doing this movey was bad idea . She could of helped UNACEF that 's what Audrey Hepburn probaly would want to be remebered for . They did n't mention that at all -LRB- okay five second of UNACEF -RRB- they only showed two films she made and Audrey Hepburned made 27 . I fond this flim very insulting to Audrey Hepburn fans .
 If you are looking for the Audrey Hepburn Story , then this is most definately not the place . While the film is whimsical and pretty to look at , a documentary film or biography on the late actress would be far more capable of telling the story . The title role was horribly miscast , and while Ms. Hewitt tries very hard , she lacks the age , grace and wisdom to conquer such a role . I was very dissapointed in the picture , especially at the fact that they dedicated three hours to such a small portion of Audrey Hepburn 's life and only ten seconds to her work with UNICEF -LRB- the best ten seconds of the film -RRB- . While Hewitt fans are sure to enjoy her in a role that was very obviously tailored for her , I urge people in search of the `` real '' Audrey Hepburn to look elsewhere .
 I was not a huge Jennifer Love Hewitt fan before I saw this film and my opinion stays the same after seeing it . I do n't think Hewitt looks anything like Audrey , except for having brown hair and brown eyes . Plus her attempt at an accent was completely over-the-top . But my fault with this film is not with Jennifer Love Hewitt ; she should have never been cast in the role of Audrey Hepburn in the first place . Which brings me to the true problem with this film - the production . The story is not entirely historically accurate to Audrey 's life
 Whoever cast this movie sure made a big mistake choosing Jennifer Love Hewitt . She might play a sweet teen but sure could n't fill the shoes of Audrey Hepburn . She looked like a child playing dress up . This little girl obviously did n't do her homework . She never captured Audrey 's elegance and free spirit . It would take a very special person to play such an extroadinary person like Audrey Hepburn . Actually I think they should have found an unknown that would have brought a fresh look into the the life of Audrey Hepburn . Even the character that played Capote did n't convince me . I felt the movie as a whole looked as though it was thrown together which made me bored with the whole process . I felt nothing . Since Audrey Hepburn was a big screen movie star this movie should have been made for the big screen not T.V.
 1 . Movies like this live or die on their portrayal of the famous people in them . Jennifer Love Hewitt worked hard to `` get Audrey down '' -LRB- and was wildly overpraised for it in TV Guide and elsewhere -RRB- , and while she got by -LRB- maybe -RRB- , the actor playing William Holden was barely adequate if that , the actor playing Gregory Peck terrible . Similar portrayals , from OK to lousy , run through the movie . NO ONE was very good , or even good . 2 . I heard Truman Capote speak in 1973 . He was still complaining that Marilyn Monroe was not cast in Breakfast at Tiffany 's . This movie seems to say that , after the alley scene that ends Breakfast , Capote fully accepted Audrey . Why would they change that fact unless it was to enhance Hewitt 's presumption that she could really play one of the great film actresses ? 3 . A three-hour running time -LRB- including commercials -RRB- and they could only get to 1961 , then just tack on some film of the real Audrey late in life ? Who invested in this . Conclusion
 I saw this movie on television . I was really excited because I thought it would be interesting and Audrey Hepburn is one of my favorite actresses . Well ... This movie was AWFUL !! Why on earth would they pick Jennifer Hewitt to play Audrey Hepburn . Natile Portman might have been a better choice . As others said , the girl who played the younger Audrey did a pretty good job . Perhaps Miss Hewitt is a better actress in other shows and movies , but not this time . This movie could almost be classified as a comedy ! She did n't even keep up her fake Audrey voice throughout the entire movie , and when she did use it she sounded like Audrey with one word ` CAT ' . The actors who played Gregory Peck and William Holden were a joke ; they were awful and did n't look or sound like either Peck or Holden . The movie showed none of Audrey 's later life . If you missed seeing this on television , you did n't miss much . If you still want to see this , rent it ; you might be sorry if you buy it first .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt certainly has a lot of courage to take on a role that she had to know would bring her more criticism than acclaim . Or she just is n't that bright . It is sure to be the greatest mistake of her career . It is noticeable how much effort she puts into portraying Audrey , but she does it void of emotion . And as if Audrey Hepburn was only a paperdoll . Not a woman with a real story to tell.Audrey Hepburn was admired for much more than her looks and talents . She was a woman who suffered and survived many things ! She was courageous , intelligent , generous , the list goes on and on ! Hewitt 's performance reflects NONE of this . It takes more than doe eyes.Hewitt needs to stick to fluffy teen movies and Neutrogena commercials until she matures as an actress . I did not find her looks or mannerisms to reflect Audrey 's very much , but more because Hewitt was obviously trying so hard , it did not seem to come natural at all . Maybe if she was n't such an obvious wanna-be and had relaxed , she would have done a better job?Many people say , well * who * could have portrayed Audrey and my answer is -LRB- I am sure I will get flamed for saying this -RRB- , I would have much rather seen Julia Ormond in this role . I know she was n't supposed to be portraying AUDREY HEPBURN in her role as Sabrina -LRB- the remake with Harrison Ford -RRB- , and at the time her performance was so reminiscent of Audrey that it irritated me - BUT after seeing THIS horrible `` movie '' with JLH it made me appreciate Julia Ormond so much much more ! I think she would have done a splendid job . Ormond really captures Audrey Hepburns softness and warmth of character and heart . Also , I agree with the previous review that suggested Natalie Portman . Perhaps Natalie Portman as a young Audrey Hepburn and Julia Ormond as a mature Audrey Hepburn ? Can we please reshoot this film?Jennifer Love Hewitt showed us her stuggle which was a distraction to the story . Poorly produced and researched as well - you miss out on so much . You are much better off buying the A&E Biography tape -LRB- much better than the Hollywood Collection , Audrey Remembered -RRB- and reading Alexander Walker 's biography on Audrey Hepburn.It would have been refreshing and enjoyable to see a story based on Audrey Hepburns life , not documentary style and maybe some day we will . However , this movie is not worth the buy and not worth the watch , unless you are curious to see just how bad a job Hewitt did . I 'm really not trying to just slam JLH , I happened to like her on Party of Five .
 If I had all that money I could produce and star in a poorly written movie about one of the best actresses to ever grace Hollywood -- but that does n't mean I would or should . JLH 's casting of -LRB- surprise , surprise -RRB- herself as Audrey Hepburn is , believe it or not , a new lowpoint in made-for-tv movies . Her only physical similarities are brown hair and eyes . She is too short and busty to play the 5 ' 7 '' waif-like Audrey . It was more like dress-up playtime for JLH than any serious attempt at portraying any truths about Hepburn . Her accent was inconsistant and nothing like Audrey Hepburn 's smooth and enchanting voice . She was the opposite of graceful , poised , and captivating . Her acting was more suited for a high-school drama club play than a movie about such an amazing woman . This was poorly acted , poorly casted , poorly written , poorly directed , and so very inaccurate ! -LRB- I could go on and on . -RRB- I wasted 3 hours of my life on this when it aired on tv ... hopefully something good will come of it in my ability to help you save your money . Do n't waste a cent on this frothy nothing of a made-for-tv debacle !
 Though Jennifer Love Hewitt delivers great performances -LRB- or not -RRB- in Teen flicks , she must be bold to try to accomplish such a role in an Audrey Hepburn biopic . I 've watched all of Audrey Hepburn 's films as well as researched many of her biographies , and believe Jennifer Love Hewitt did a poor job in portraying the hollywood legend . The movie was n't grounded , it did n't have a good feel to it , they did n't contribute a lot of the things that was most important to Audrey ... except to show the rise of fame . The other actors portraying other characters in the hollywood era looked nothing like the characters themselves-including Jennifer Love Hewitt portraying Audrey Hepburn . Jennifer Love Hewitt 's look is of no resemblance to the beautiful Audrey Hepburn . If not for the hair from the Breakfast at Tiffany 's set-they might as well have had Whoopi Goldberg portraying Audrey Hepburn . I was VERY disappointed in spending $ on this film . Not worth owning . To satisfy the curiosity of movie goers , worth a view for half the movie-I 'd bunk the rest . In my opinion , it was a ludricous portrayal of the beautiful , classic legend . To what honor shall Jennifer Love Hewitt have portraying the legend ? An unknown actress would have suited more than she . She 's too bubbly-and her own usual character shows through too much to make her Audrey Hepburn impersonation fall through . She brings in too much of her `` own '' look and smile to Audrey 's , the classic smile she poses for every one of her films . Not genuine . Not believable AT ALL .
 What an awful movie . Audrey Hepburn can never be portrayed well enough by one actress today in a movie . There are many actresses that hold some of her qualities , but never all of them . Certainly not Jennifer Love Hewitt.Speaking of the `` leading lady '' , it 's a sad tale about how she won the role of Audrey in this film . You see , the young actress fancies herself to be an Audrey for the ages , but even she knows it 's not true , so she bought the rights to the movie , produced it and cast herself as Audrey . She is no Audrey Hepburn.Where Audrey always was always so unsure of her looks , Hewitt takes the ` character ' and makes her devoid of that emotion . Other qualities of Audrey lack as well . Hewitt should stick with those TV series for FOX ; although they 'll still fail , they wo n't be as bad as this movie.Another alteration for Hewitt 's casting was the flashback-from-Breakfast-At-Tiffany 's situation . That stunt painted over some of her finest work , including the fabulous ` Wait Until Dark ' and tosses it into a small paragraph at the end.You may think I am being a harsh judge , but worse criticisms have been uttered . Audrey Hepburn , quite possibly the greatest actress to ever work in Hollywood , should never be handled with such , for lack of a btter word , stupidity . This movie handles her with just that .
 Jennifer Love Hewitt as Audrey Hepburn ? AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGHHHH !!!!
 Very disappointing ! They could have chosen a more poised and sophisticated actress to play Audrey ; Jennifer Love Hewitt 's portrayal is an insult ; in my opinion .
 JLH did a terrible job at portraying Audrey Hepburn . She seemed depressed most of the time and the insecurity depiction was too much . JLH looks NOTHING like Miss Hepburn so I do n't konw why she was given that part . She does not have the elegance or the grace of Miss Hepburn , and she did this head shaking thing waay too much . Her accent was off most of the time , and her singing -LRB- although it 's good -RRB- sounded nothing like Miss Hepburn . They should have played a recording instead ! Overall , I was disappointed and , as others have already said , Natalie Portman would have been a much better Miss Hepburn .
 Sadly , this movie is suppose to be the story of one of the greatest acting and fashion legends of `` all time '' . This movie is so poorly done , it is in no way an honor or tribute to Audrey Hepburn.Being the acting and content of this story is so poor , the smart thing to do is proceed to Amazon books and order , `` Enchantment
 I could not get passed the fact during the whole movie that it was Love Hewitt ACTING as Audrey . I did not get into the role at all . The accent was off and everything . I spent the whole 3 hours sitting there not watching the movie , but only pressing pause during the commercial ; thinking I might actually want to watch it later . They better put one of Audrey 's other movies on the DVD along with it in order for me to buy it .
 The Kind of Disaster That Can Destroy A Legend 's Reputation.Oh where to begin ? The casting was beyond reproach , I do go on the record right now as saying that Miss Hewitt made a valiant `` attempt '' , but failed miserably.Nobody with any sense of who and what the real Audrey Hepburn was could sit through this debacle without becoming ill . The characters -LRB- I use that word , because any passing resemblance to William Holden , Bogart , Mel Ferrer , Kay Kendall , Billy Wilder , William Wyler , Truman Capote , etc is so pale and insulting , that all that is left is a `` character '' type , not a real person -RRB- all react to this fictional Audrey as if she is eminating the most extraordinary Star Quality , but WE NEVER SEE IT!Miss Hewitt is hopelessly unable to generate any lustre or vivacity as Hepburn . The dates are screwed up , the design elements are amateurish , the faux costumes draped on Miss Hewitt make her look like a five year old playing dress up in a drag queen 's closet , and the attempts at recreating scenes from Roman Holiday , Breakfast at Tiffany 's et al are so pathetic they do n't even merit examination.STAY AWAY FROM THIS TRIPE !! If you are an Audrey fan , you will be scandalized , if you know nothing of Audrey , go rent some of her movies , this one will teach you NOTHING about her.This has to rank up there with previous horrible choices like Cheryl Ladd portraying Grace Kelly , or Lynda Carter failing miserably at portraying Rita Hayworth . If you want a good or at least decent recreation of old Hollywood stick to movies like Chaplin -LRB- flawed , but at least a good performance by Robert Downey Jr. -RRB- , or even Marilyn with the Emmy nominated turn by Catherine Hicks -LRB- who gets most of it right -RRB- , or heck , even Ann Jillian as Mae West -LRB- gutsy attempt -RRB- . BUT NOT THIS MISERABLE FAILURE !
 ... compared to this piece of tripe.A lot of people -LRB- including me -RRB- thought Audrey slaughtered the film version of My Fair Lady . Personally , I forgave Audrey for that error long ago . Is this movie her payback?Jennifer , get over your self . Your a horrid actress . I can not believe you have gotten as far as you have in your career . I never thought anyone could miscast THEMSELVES.Since JLH played Audrey , here 's some suggestions for future movies about legendary actresses ... Starr Jones as Bette DavisCindy Crawford as Katherine HepburnRosanne as Marlene DietrichBea Arthur as Marilyn MonroeElizabeth Berkley as Ethel MermanTori Spelling as Judy GarlandIf JLH can play Audrey , then my list is very plausable .
 I was saddened to find out that Jennifer Love Hewitt was cast to portray Audrey Hepburn . She had no right to even try to compare to Hepburn . It is a poor excuse for a biography and it angered me to see Hepburn 's life so poorly portrayed .
 Disclaimer
 First , I will give Jennifer Love Hewitt some credit ... She did a wonderful job at slaughtering the story of a true film icon . But then , what do you expect from the co-executive producer who just happened to cast herself in the lead ? Hewitt makes no secret that she 's an Audrey wanna-be , and this movie just shows how hard she 'll try -LRB- and how much money she 'll spend -RRB- to be Audrey.I agree 100 % with the reviewer that mentioned she would have rather seen a `` documentary style special . '' So much of the ` Audrey Hepburn Story ' is not even accurate and I think its a shame ! Get the real Audrey story from RELIABLE sources ... like A&E 's biography or Lifetime 's Intimate Portrait !
 Do n't bother watching this movie . The facts are all wrong . The acting is not all that god . JLH tries her best but falls flat on her face . If you want to learn about Audrey read on of the many books written on her or watch the A&E biography .
 Whoever cast this movie sure made a big mistake choosing Jennifer Love Hewitt . She might play a sweet teen but sure could n't fill the shoes of Audrey Hepburn . She looked like a child playing dress up . This little girl obviously did n't do her homework . She never captured Audrey 's elegance and free spirit . It would take a very special person to play such an extroadinary person like Audrey Hepburn . Actually I think they should have found an unknown that would have brought a fresh look into the the life of Audrey Hepburn . Even the character that played Capote did n't convince me . I felt the movie as a whole looked as though it was thrown together which made me bored with the whole process . I felt nothing . Since Audrey Hepburn was a big screen movie star this movie should have been made for the big screen not T.V.
 This film did nothing to portray Audrey in the best light possible . sub-par acting -LRB- Natalie Portman was the obvious choice !!! -RRB- , and the directing was ` off . ' Also , that `` moon river '' crooning had to be a JOKE ! Buy or rent one of Audrey 's REAL films , and you 'll be much better off .
 When I first heard about this `` special '' on TV , I was very skeptical about anyone trying to portray Ms. Hepburn . Boy , was I right . I turned it off after about an hour and taped the rest ... I never even bothered to finish watching it ! It 's one thing to `` act '' Audrey and dress like her -LRB- Nickelodeon 's Kid 's Choice Award presenter JLH was donned in a very Audrey style frock . -RRB- But it 's another to actually have the guts to TRY to portray such a legend ! Who could possibly be compared to Audrey anyway?I think many Audrey fans would have rather seen a nice documentary style special ... such as the `` Hollywood Collection - Audrey Hepburn
 I wondered when I watched this movie why anyone who had the reckless incomprehensible desire to produce a biopic on Audrey Hepburn would have cast Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role . Then I saw that she was the producer.If I were trying to be ugly , I 'd say that Ms. Hewitt 's portrayal amounts to a cheap knockoff of the completely unique Audrey , but that 's not really true . It was more like one of those expensive Hollywood star dolls put out by The Franklin Mint . The clothes and pose are close but the indefinable essence is missing particularly from the face , which is vacant and doll-like bearing little resemblance to the real thing.This movie had one of Audrey Hepburn 's swains say something like , `` Just let us look at you . '' And it was true that Audrey Hepburn was something to look at , but the most vital part of her considerable charm was the fact that she was looking back , engaged , interested , fearless , which is why she did well as characters with questing spirits like Holly Golightly , and like Sister Luke and even Princess Ann . She made you feel the absolute need she had to connect with the world and other people.Ms . Hewitt would have done well to try and capture that essence rather than busy herself with copying the Hepburn mannerisms and accent rather poorly . The one time she comes close to the spirit that was Audrey Hepburn is in the scene where an older actress is trying to help her line readings for the part of Gigi on Broadway . For one brief , all too brief moment you felt the character 's eagerness to learn , her satisfaction and joy at having mastered something difficult . And I thought , `` Yes , it could have happened like that . `` I do n't know who directed Ms. Hewitt , but she was not well served . Too bad .
 This is a great movie - I have it on VHS and I saw it on Broadway . The DVD version is shovelware ! No bonus material at all . No subtitles - no alternate languages - no bios - nothing ! It is listed as the widescreen version , but it is presented in standard format with the picture and credits running off the side of the screen . To add insult to injury , you have to turn the disc over midway though the movie . Wait for somebody to bring out a better pressing .
 I gave 1 star for Jet li , cause he is my favorite , but a guy in a boulder shooting him with lightning ? Come'on , this movie is bad , Jet li is the man and Chingmy Yau is hot ! , but this movie was just bad , too much flying . i dont know what these people are thinking giving it 5 stars , NO WAY not even close , see fist of legend thats 5 stars !
 I 'm a HUGE Jet Li fan . I love great kung fu movies . This is not one . There is NO kung fu at all . The rest is a surreal dream that includes a guy chained to a boulder and a guy that gets stabbed and asks why he was assassinated . It may be worth a laugh , but that 's a stretch .
 Ok . . I read the other reviews for this movie and I am a little confused . Was it the same movie ? The martial arts were `` ok '' in this , but nothing I havent seen done better before . The story-line was . . ummm . well , nevermind.Oh and did I mention the film doesnt end ???? I mean I didnt really care but it still sucked to cut the story line half way though.I really wantedto like this movie ... but the only good thing I can say is that some of the sub-titles are hilarious !
 This film is amazing . However , do n't buy it if you want an english dub . Despite the claim in the product description , there is no dub on this copy .
 I do n't know how it happened , but I opened up my DVD case to find a pretty DVD labeled `` Lord of the Wu Tang '' in color , started up the DVD and it played `` Salsa Kings 2 '' instead of Jet Li 's Lord of the Wu Tang . I 've seen Lord of the Wu Tang by the way and it is a top notch cheesey sci fi Sunday morning karate flick with pull wires galore . The story line is classic as well and well worth any amount of sub title reading and convinced me the best chinese karate flicks are sub-titled . I 've got ta contact Amazon about the switch that happened , hopefully it works out .
 Let 's be frank
 I bought this DVD because I missed seeing it at a local theatre that features old films , but I was disappointed in that the story was n't good or interesting . However , I wanted to see the dancers , the Step Brothers - I think they were called , where they did that fantastic dance down the stairs . That was unbelievable ! Also wanted to see beautiful Lena Horne , but disappointed that they did n't have her in beautiful gowns . So , other than the Step Brothers dancing , I was bored .
 Fish Hooks !!!? A portly George C. Scott reprises his role from the 1970 classic Patton . Too bad this movie is awful . Briefly stated , this is a sequel that should not have been made . The flimsy dialog , poor editing , and cumbersome made-for-television format do no justice to Francis Ford Coppola 's original epic . Be sure to note the expanding belt-line ... only a few months in movie-time , but Scott looked like he 'd been hanging out with Marlon Brando for the 16 years between films .
 So which reviews relate to which of the 12 versions Amazon is offering ? Based on the utterly lousy picture and sound quality of the version I purchased -LRB- 2003 DVD by Diamond -RRB- , I must assume those who rated this mediocre TV movie any higher than a 1 have a different version from the one I bought . Multiple freezes and jumps in the picture -LRB- and of course sound -RRB- did n't help.Some reviewers who were n't happy with their purchase decided to toss the DVDs or resignedly hold onto them instead of returning them , figuring it was n't `` worth it '' to do so . Even if the thing cost only $ 3.95 , Amazon pays the return shipping . Too bad everyone did n't return their crummy copies at Amazon 's expense -- maybe Amazon would then get a clue that it is n't nice to offer sub-par DVDs to its consumers AND that maybe they should rewrite their programming so that reviews written PERTAIN TO THAT SPECIFIC VERSION ONLY.Regardless of the release , I do n't know why this film was even written and produced . It added nothing to our knowledge of Patton 's life except to give him a mistress and show how he died . Too much of the script was a rehash of some of Patton 's more pithy dialogue from the original film -LRB- but delivered with less panache and conviction -RRB- , and the rest was embarrassingly cliched . The cast 's stilted acting seem to indicate they knew they were conscious of the poor writing . Richard Dysart 's Eisenhower was unintentionally funny in his forced delivery , like a banty rooster trying to discipline and humiliate a much larger , smarter , wiser fox.Bottom line
 Although the movie itself is good , this particular version has EXTREMELY poor quality . It was CLEARLY not professionally made . Buyer beware .
 I would give the rating of the movie *** stars , but the picture quality of the DVD is dismal . It is almost not watchable . The picture is blurry , like watching an old TV broadcast with a rabbit ear antenna .
 I enjoyed Ladislas Farago 's similarly titled book . The book details Patton 's activities during the last months of the war and continues to his untimely demise . It also briefly explored the conspiracy theory 's surrounding Patton 's accident . Unfortunately the movie concentrates on George S. Patton Jr. 's time as military governor , thinly veiled attempts to militarily rehabilitate German POWs incarcerated in Bavaria , and blatant animosity toward the Soviets . Additionally , the film spends an awful lot of time on a paralyzed Patton , complete with flashbacks , imobilized in his hospital bed.It was great to see George C. Scott reprise his role as Patton . The problem was that it was easier for a late 1960s Scott to be made up to appear as an older general in PATTON than it was to tackle the problem of an older and more stout Scott as Patton in the 1986 television movie . Scott was just too plump for the role and those overly puffy white eyebrows were more appropriate for Santa Claus than Patton.Remember too that this was a television movie filmed in Great Britain . As such , the budget and associated production was not that of the original motion picture . The US military vehicles are obviously from museums and private collector collections as the gray-green paint is absolutely perfect . Likewise the GIs appear to be wearing less authentic looking period uniforms . Additionally , where the original PATTON was filmed in a variety of Spanish locations including beaches , desert , and thick forest , LAST DAYS is mired in limited British locations . In one scene the painted matte background of the Bavarian Alps is phony and distracting.Although I can not imagine anyone other than George C. Scott playing the part of Patton , he was not physically ready to take on the role . Remember that the previous year Scott also portrayed a very chubby Benito Mussolini in MUSSOLINI
 The original Patton motion picture is a masterpiece and one of my favorite movies . George C. Scott is a genius and one of my favorite actors . I was happy to find this movie on Amazon on Demand , but was disappointed with the movie itself.-Looks like a low-budget made for TV movie which it is.-Casting was poor . Outside of George C. Scott these were a bunch of B or C actors . Richard Dysart as Eisenhower was particularly bad.-As noted in many other reviews , the video quality was poor.-Way too long and way too depressing.I was hoping this movie would cover more of the postwar Patton and less of George C. Scott lying in a hospital bed . If they cut off the last third of the movie , it might be four stars.I recommend you pass on this movie , at the very least stop watching after the accident . He suffers paralyzed in a hospital bed and dies . There is nothing useful after that point and there is a LOT of overacting .
 Good sequal to `` Patton '' . Worthy addition to the original . The quality of the dvd however leaves alot to be desired . My copy looks like a copy made from a VHS tape . But , for 1 cent & shipping I guess I ca n't complain .
 This film is not worth the shipping and handling . George C. Scott gives a fabulous performance of a simply miserable script . The production values rival a poor film school project . The supplementary characters are obtuse and poorly developed ; Patton 's wife is both whiny and soporific . If you 're a fan of the original , then you 'll hate this . If you crave a `` Lifetime Original , '' then I suggest this movie .
 Watched movie till halfway point and then just quit playing . Tried several times with no success and even moved to a different machine . Only paid $ 5 so I should have suspected something . Not worth the effort to mail back to seller .
 I found this movie very disappointing . I guess after Patton anything else would be hard to compare . That said , I had high hopes given the fact that I enjoyed the original so much . I did not even get half way through it before becoming bored with the plot . Stick with the original , you will not be sorry .
 I debated about how I wanted to rate this DVD . On the one hand the movie is very good but the quality of the picture and sound is very , very poor . This was a made for TV movie on CBS many years ago and to be honest this DVD looked like it could have been recorded right off TV or from a second generation or more VHS tape . I knew I was in trouble when I saw Brentwood put this out . I had bought a few other TV show movies made into DVD 's by them that were equally horrendous in quality . Sometimes content was even missing as if they went to the bathroom during a commercial and got back too late to start recording again . The poor picture and sound quality is only magnified on a widescreen TV and good sound system . The picture even had a tendency to shutter which makes me think all the more it was made from a VHS tape , and a poor one at that . Its too bad an otherwise outstanding movie was torpedoed by a bad transfer . DVD 's often have special features and all you get here is a bad bio of George C. Scott set to music that must have come off a record player . Buyer beware .
 Teenage Monster is not a good movie . I bought it as an Anne Gwynne fan , hoping for a few campy midnight-movie chills . However , this movie is dull , and almost sad in its ineptitude . Where other movies can triumph despite limitations , this one 's script is too poor , and not ambitious enough to be entertaining.The liner notes explain many of the movie 's problems ; there were reasons why some talented people cranked out a movie this cruddy . One of its few virtues is good acting by Gwynne -LRB- even though she hatedhatedhated the film -RRB- as the Monster 's mother and Gloria Castillo as the manipulative vixen who brings about the Monster 's ultimate demise.The Monster is unscary , played by a 50-year old man in boots to make him seem taller . And nearly all of his dialogue was re-dubbed as grunts and hoots to make him seem more like a bestial killer than a thinking being . This would be okay , except for the fact that sometimes he CAN talk reasonably well , just because the script needs him to convey a point . I could buy the dubious idea that the women close to him understood his gibberish , but the inconsistency grated on me.Added to these glaring inconsistencies are the movie 's stagnant direction and lack of creepy atmospherics . The sum total is kind of a bore.A side note - It is called Meteor Monster almost everywhere on the web , but goes by its alternate title of Teenage Monster on the cover . This is somehow strangely fitting , as many of the people involved with this movie probably hope it stays hidden.The DVD transfer is excellent . Trailers include Teenagers From Space , Robot Monster , Carnival of Souls , Giant From the Unknown , and Cosmic Man . They are the best part of the disc .
 Anne Gwynne was one of those Hollywood supporting players who appeared in a lot of movies , but was seldom recognized . She normally ended up playing romantic leads in B-movies - often a weak person , but with a feisty streak in her that made her too hot to handle for her insipid male co-stars . Made later on in her career , TEENAGE MONSTER has very little to recommend it , except as a poor imitation of I WAS A TEENAGE FRANKENSTEIN . Gwynne tries her best as a parent , but has little to work with .
 This monster actually scared me when I was a kid . A few years later , when I was in my early teens , I sat down with some friends , to watch it , having told them it was really scary . They laughed at the kid 's 4th of July `` sparkler '' that was supposed to pass as a flaming meteor and I was SO embarrassed . The hairy monster evoked more laughs . But , no one pointed out , or maybe even realized , how boring this ridiculous sci-fi western was . `` Teenage Monster , '' or `` Meteor Monster , '' as it was titled when it came on TV in the 60 's and early 70 's in L.A. , does n't seem bad out of incompetence , but rather because the producers wanted it made for a buck fifty . It 's kind of a joke on the public , and I suspect that the only people involved in this movie who even try , are those not in on the joke . So , this is just another look back at my youth , via a very crummy old movie.As I recall , the sound and picture on this dvd are excellent and far better than crap like this requires . I also think the only extra is the trailer.If you 're curious , just do n't pay a penny more than you 're comfortable shelling out for a really bad old movie , and you should n't be too disappointed .
 I have never seen the American version , but I loved the original British `` Queer as Folk '' . It was funny and real . I did n't just believe in these characters , I felt like I knew them . Series 2 is more than a disappointment , it is almost a betrayal . It is not just that the action seems contrived , but so do the characters . I could n't believe a minute of it . If you were a fan of series 1 you will probably have to see series 2 , maybe with lowered expectations you will enjoy it more than I did .
 I have never seen the British version , but we liked the American `` Queer as Folk '' . It was funny and real . Series 2 is a disappointment , the action seems contrived , and so do the characters . We could n't believe a minute of it . If you are a fan of the American version you will probably have to have lowered expectations to enjoy this .
 I loved the original Queer as Folk series . Great characters . Interesting plots . Terrific writing and performances . And , although Stuart was a truly reprehensible character , he was fascinating to watch and I believed him . On top of that , as someone who works in the comic book industry professionally and was a Doctor Who fan in my youth , I identified with Vince -LRB- perhaps a little too much on too many levels -RRB- . I was so caught up in the original series on DVD that I watched the last four episodes in one sitting ; I found it that compelling.I could n't wait to see the follow-up . I have to admit that I came away very disappointed . There were numerous individual scenes that were powerful and/or funny , but they were not bound by a cohesive plot nor by consistent characterization.If I were to sum it up in one quick explanation , I would say it suffers from the `` Broadway Damage '' syndrome . -LRB- `` Broadway Damage '' is a gay romantic comedy which is a flawed movie that I still enjoy . The biggest problem is that the movie has the ending that the audience wants it to have , but does not make sense in the context of the characters as they are presented . `` Free Enterprise '' suffers from a similar problem . -RRB- In this case , the movie has the ending that I think the author thought the audience would want , but to be honest , I thought it was wrong on many levels . -LRB- Or , perhaps it 's the ending the author wanted it to have , but did n't know how to get there in a believable way . -RRB- I should also note that the blurb on the back of the DVD packaging paints a much different picture of the contents than is what is actually contained in the 90 minute movie . The description makes the movie sound like a suspenseful thriller , which it is not . The blackmail plot , while one of the more interesting elements , is merely a subplot that totals maybe eight minutes of screen time . And the whole `` Stuart crossing the law for revenge '' element is not anything like it sounds , and does NOT tie into the blackmail plot directly . -LRB- Such as it is , it 's also not one of the more believable elements , either . -RRB- I find it curious that writer Russell T. Davies , who created such rich , interesting , and believable characters for the first series could undermine them so thoroughly in the follow-up . Not only does Stuart spin completely out of control to the point of being unbelievable even in the context of Stuart -LRB- his whole `` revenge '' plot does n't make much sense in terms of his character . His motivation is murky at best , and I did n't buy it at all -RRB- . Hazel and Bernie stoop to illegal activities in order to help Vince in what I believe was intended to be a humorous side story , but only succeeded in undermining their characters . Nathan shows brief glimpses of a working brain , but remains more dedicated to his reproductive organs -LRB- which is in keeping with his character , so I ca n't object to this -RRB- . And Vince -- well , he does n't seem to learn anything . Every time it would appear that he has finally grown up and realized that his obsession with Stuart is unhealthy and counterproductive , he immediately caves in and goes back to being whipping boy/lap dog . It all leads to a conclusion that I did n't like nor believe.The cast remains charismatic , in spite of the material with which they are given to work . The direction is solid . The sheer filmmaking of the final scene in Manchester was visually interesting -LRB- although I kept wanting to hear the sound of Doctor Who 's TARDIS in order to tie the images together with Vince 's character , but alas , such was not to be . At least that would have tied elements together , although how many people outside of the UK would have understood that reference is questionable -RRB- . The editing was solid . Locations well chosen -LRB- although I 'm not convinced they used the same set for Stuart 's apartment . It did n't look the same to me . I did miss seeing Vince 's home . He was defined only by his job in this installment -RRB- . All in all , a well produced movie , but at its core is a script that does n't quite work . Too bad , really.Stick to the original . A great investment of time and money . Rent the follow up first to be sure you want to purchase it .
 Helen Hunt was good , but what could her character have liked about Andrew McCarthy 's character ? At best he was annoying . And where was the comedy ? Mocking someone for nearly drowning -- how is that funny?The Amanda character was rather creepy.The best part was Helen Hunt singing Buffalo Gals like Donna Reed in It 's a Wonderful Life . In fact the best parts of the movie were the scenes from It 's a Wonderful Life.Not a movie I would recommend .
 Really mediocre romantic comedy featuring a brown-haired Helen Hunt before Mad About You and As Good As It Gets , Kelly Preston before her career surge , and Andrew McCarthy on the downside of his Brat Pack run . Shows up occasionally on cable , and best left there .
 this movie with its magnificant cast and its thrilling story could be recommended like all films made by master-director Damiani - but I suffered when watching the story because they sent me a copy with a rather poor image-quality -LRB- like a view through strong softening lenses -RRB- ... a pity . .
 Light Speed Biology
 A disappointing movie
 I 'm a fan of Ian Richardson 's from the FU series and when I saw tapes were finally available of him doing Sherlock Holmes I immediately bought them . They 're AWFUL . He does n't play Holmes well at all and the action in them is slow and stagey . Even the damn credits take too long to roll at the beginning . Mothers , tell your children not to do what I have done -- SAVE YOUR MONEY and watch Jeremy Brett instead . Richardson seems like a natural for this role , but it 's a disappointment .
 I made the mistake of watching this with my kids and family after church one Sunday . I had no idea there would be a rape scene ! For kids stick with the Halmark version with Matt Frewer .
 I could not watch this movie all the way to the end . I found the acting to be sub-par especially the American actor . I was hoping the scenery of old England would hold me through the movie but the scenery was n't even good . The Sherlock Holmes series that aired on television was better than this DVD . Perhaps I can give my DVD as a gift to a non movie buff .
 It seems the object of the writer was to see how much he could rewrite and still keep some connection to the original story . For example Blessed and Booth 's characters were changed from father-daughter to husband-wife just so Lestrade would look foolish for arresting the husband for the wife 's murder . Nothing in this film works so I gave it to charity . If you want an Ian Richardson Sherlock Holmes get The Sign of Four .
 I am little disappointed about this is . This is the exact same movie as &#34; Lassie &#34; I bought in November - just different cover.I love the movie but I am disappointed about the &#34; misleading marketing trick &#34; . That 's why I only gave it a 2 stars .
 When I first heard there was an upcoming Lassie release I got my hopes up . I hoped it was the beginning of proper season sets of the classic Lassie series . Of course , like most Lassie fans , I 've learned to hope for the best but expect the worst . There 's not many details on this listing yet , but from the cast list it appears to be the 2005 movie . So , instead of what I was hoping for , Lassie fans get a release of a recent movie , which is already available on DVD -LRB- ASIN
 In this sequel to the original Stratos 4 anime , our four heroines are finally able to take a breather from the constant bombardment of Earth by alien space seeds . Uh , let me correct that , no rest is given when one of the Comet Blaster orbiting satellites is hit by a piece of space debris . There 's no way for it to be saved and it 's too big to burn up in the atmosphere so it must be destroyed before it hits the Earth . As two Comet Blasters man a desperate mission to rescue the space stations crew , Shizuha , Ayamo , Mikaze , and Karin set out to vaporize it.The two episodes on this dvd really did n't do much for me . They did not extend the story of the original series or bring anything new to the show . Instead of meteors , we have a space station . It was a little funny but I think that Stratos 4 is pretty much played out . Unless you take it in a different direction and get away from the whole meteor blasting business . This is kinda like a skimpy dessert after the main course .
 Whatever became of It `` Working Girl '' Melanie Griffith , who defeated her rival Sigourney Weaver and won the heart of Harrison Ford ? She married the younger Antonio Banderas , who decided to direct her as a quirky killer housewife turned Hollywood diva . `` Crazy in Alabama '' is a bizarre blend of two stories-a housewife who killed her husband & flees ; to Hollywood , and that of a young Southern boy who is a witness to racial tensions and participates in the civil rights struggle of the '60s . The stories could 've been melded well ; instead , there is a constant , choppy bouncing between them.The voice-overs of the housewife -LRB- Griffith -RRB- and the boy -LRB- Lucas Black -RRB- are intrusive , an excuse for the director to tell instead of show.It 's also heavy-handed . The housewife also carries her husband 's head in a hatbox for most of the movie -- which does n't make sense . It 's never explained why she 's dragging the evidence of her murder everywhere she goes . The young boy 's interracial friendship-and his growing maturity-could have been touching.His story is more compelling ; Lucas Black is a talented young actor.He 's convincing in his character 's growth . There are excuses for celebrity cameos from Meat Loaf , Robert Wagner , George Foreman and Rod Steiger ; but it does n't further the movie . Melanie Griffith is n't convincing as an abused housewife or a mother of a large family ; she 's barely shown with her children , and there 's no emotional connection . Instead , she plays a Southern belle Auntie Mame ; campy , a drama queen , all glitter without substance . `` Crazy in Alabama '' has only two redeeming points-the soundtrack is wonderful and the civil rights plot , while good , could 've been handled better . As Antonio Banderas ' directing debut , it 's no wonder he now only promotes his perfume/cologne line and voices Puss in Boots for the Shrek movies .
 The DVD included an interview with director Antonio Banderas . I mention this because he introduced some of the movie 's out takes . In doing so , he said that the original rough cut ran three and a half hours and that cutting it to its present length was very difficult . I am of the ` shorter is better ' film school , but , in this case , I would be curious to see the long version . I suspect that Carzy in Alabama 's heart wound up on the cutting room floor.In the movie , as in the book , thirteen-year old Peejoe -LSB- Lucas Black -RSB- narrates two stories . These are two life-altering events that happened to him in his hometown of Industry , Alabama in 1965 . One is about about how his Aunt Lucille -LSB- Melanie Griffith -RSB- kills her abusive husband with rat posioning , parks her seven kids with her mother and drives to California to be a star . The other concerns his witnessing the killing of a young black boy by the local sheriff during a sit-in at a local public swimming pool . Both stories are about the high price of freedom.Carzy in Alabama is very professionally done . It 's equal parts sweet and bitter-sweet . The bad thing is that it also has very little substance . Imagine that you are driving down a long , tree-lined driveway . You arrive at a large , beautiful house . You are impressed by your surroundings . You enter the house , which is beautifully decorated , except for one glaring detail - there are no furnishings . You find there are not even any clothes in the closets . That 's what movies such as Crazy in Alabama are like . Impressive looking yet sadly empty.This hollowness is not the fault of the actors . What we see of them is quite good . I suspect that the only way to really judge their performance would be to see the rest of the footage . There is a scene during Lucille 's trial where she points at a woman in the gallery . She says that she knew all along that this woman , her best friend , had been having an affair with her now dead husband . As if to prove the point , the woman flees the court room in tears . The problem with this scene is that it 's the first and last time the audience sees Lucille 's best friend . So , the moment lacks impact . I ca n't blame Banderas . In fact , he seems to have had little problem in directing the cast or in supervising the photography . I ca n't point the finger at the book 's author , because I have n't read it . There is only one place I can lay the blame . The movie 's distributor was afraid to release a three-hour version of a film that was n't very commercial to begin with . -LSB- You can tell when a studio has a problem picture when the trailers have virtually nothing to do with the storyline . -RSB- I believe that , if you know you are going to lose your investment , why does it matter how long the product runs ? Is n't getting praise from a limited audience some kind of consolation?Because it is so badly edited , Crazy in Alabama is unable to tell either of its two stories well . You do n't get enough background to relate to Lucille 's insisting she had no other option than to kill her husband . She comes across as self-centered , which surely was not the movie 's intent . The civil rights story has the picture 's most moving and dramatically interesting moments , but this tale gets quitely put in a corner about three-fourths of the way through .
 Ugh , this film is a Hollywood stinker of the worst sort . Director Antonio Banderas throws stylistic flourishes in your face at every turn , but he has no feeling for emotional depth . Two murders occur early on in the film , and there is not a single honest emotional reaction to either of them . Later when Melanie Griffith must seduce an offish police officer in his podunk jail , the two of them just fumble clumsily through the scene , not bothering to make a moment of it believable.Banderas , of course , can only be blamed for about half of the trouble , as the rest is generated by the inept screenplay . There is nothing in the story , for instance , to ever convince you that Griffith 's character is a real mother -- let alone a mother of * seven * children . Her squalling brood , which she never has to interact with on-screne , seems thrown in simply to make her character more sympathetic . Worst , though , is the story 's split personality ; it does n't know if it wants to be a quirky black comedy or a serious drama . It drags in issues of racism and domestic abuse and does no justice by them . Screenwriter Mark Childress , also author of the novel , is as bad as any politician parading `` the children '' to enliven the latest Washington DC scare-crisis and fill the pork-barrel .
 `` Crazy in Alabama , '' the directorial debut of Antonio Banderas , tries desperately to live up to its title yet simply emerges as deep-fried Southern malarkey garnished with social significance . What the plotters had in mind with this overbaked concoction is truly beyond the powers of mere mortal understanding.The Mark Childress screenplay is a textbook case study of narrative schizophrenia run amok . Melanie Griffith , obviously past her darling ingenue stage and heading into the career sunset of doddering , crazy aunt roles , plays the stereotypical Southern lunatic who has decapitated her abusive husband , packed his head in a tupperware container she carries with her in a hatbox and headed off -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- to find fame and glory in the spotlight of 1960 's Hollywood . Almost tangetially , the film also concerns itself with her nephew , Peejoe , and his experiences that summer involving a clash between blacks and whites over a segregated swimming pool in the small southern town in which he lives.To say that the filmmakers fail to coalesce these elements into a coherent whole would be a masterpiece of understatement . This actually seems to be two completely different films rubbing up against one another and not liking each other very much . The audience , as a result , is left in a state of headscratching and , occasionally , even jawdropping confusion.Unfortunately , the film fails to work as either a freewheeling black comedy or as an incisive social document . As in so many films dealing with the issue of civil rights , the blacks play secondary roles in their own story , standing in the background as part of a mob rather than stepping forth as fully developed , fully rounded characters in their own right.It also seems odd that a film which approaches this issue in such highminded and reverential terms tries , at the same time , to pass off a serious mental illness as a quaintly admirable example of freespirited non-conformity . The film suffers from a terminal grinding of tonal gears . Who could ever imagine that the same film would feature a recreation of an appearance by Martin Luther King Jr. and the filming of a `` Bewitched '' episode - and believe that such a coupling could ever result in a meaningful marriage ? It is a testament to the utter absurdity and hopelessness of the entire enterprise.Drawing a parallel between a woman who cuts her husband 's head off and a group of black people fighting for equal rights and uncritically calling both examples of `` freedom '' equal to one another insults those involved in the noble latter cause . And not all the scenes of phony emotional uplift at the end - a scanning of tear soaked faces at a ludicrous trial , a shot of Griffith , standing through a sun-roof riding off into the sunset , arms raised in a victory salute - can mitigate the tastelessness at the film 's core . `` Crazy in Alabama '' simply proves that , for an offbeat film to be successful , an attempt has to be made to blend the disparate elements of plotting and tone into an organic whole . As it is , `` Crazy in Alabama '' is merely weird without being any fun .
 I ordered this movie and another as region 2 not understandin what that meant . When I received the movie it would not work and I could not figure out why . I emailed Movie Mars they explained but since it ws my fault it was not worth returning . I think they should make a side caption for region two explaining it . If I would have known what it was I would not have ordered it . These were a Birthday gift . I had to reorder the right region so I had to wait and give the gift late . Plus I just threw away the othe movies !
 Possibly the worst movie ever produced ?
 I am not a fan of Melanie Griffith at all , in fact , the only film I really like her in is `` Working Girl '' . It 's not that she is a terrible actress . She is just annoying . So why did I waste over 2 hours of my time watching this movie ? I am now asking myself the same thing . I was n't sure if this movie was supposed to be a comedy . If it was , it was n't even funny . Griffith , plays Lucille , a woman who is beaten by her husband . She kills him and cuts his head off ... Why ? I have no idea . Maybe she 's crazy ? She then decides to leave her 7 children in the hands of her mother so she can go out to Hollywood and live out her dream of becoming a glamerous actress . She takes the head of her husband along for the ride ... why not ? Nothing else makes sense so far so why not make less sense . This film is just a mishmash of nonsense . She wins a lot of money in Las Vegas right before she gets to California . She eventually gets her big break ... She is on t.v. Then , she gets caught . . eventually all criminals do . I do n't know what the ending of this movie is all about ... She goes free ? when she was sentenced to a term in prison ? Maybe the book is better , I hope so , cuz this was a boring movie . I watched it on cable ... thank god i waited that long.The only bright spot was Lucas Black , the boy from Sling Blade . He is one of the best child actors right now . I hope to see more of him in films . He is very charming . I personally would n't recommend this film .
 This is not a condemnation of Initial D 4th Stage which is awesome . This is to warn people who care about such things that Funimation is flat out lying on their DVD boxes . They claim that the DVD 's are 16:9 and they 're not , they 're 4:3 widescreen . Instead of filling the entire TV or even having black bars on the top and bottom , I have black bars on all four sides of the screen and it makes it useless to watch this on a large TV . I never would 've bought this if I had known what was in store for me after I popped it into my player .
 Invisible Ghost was released in 1941 10-years after Bela Lugosi became a star on the rise starring as Count Dracula in the horror classic Dracula . Fact of the matter is Lugosi never really fully capitalized on the success of Dracula and while his career did sort of go downhill after Dracula he was still making movies under Universal and having a pretty good career , but he never had a character quite as Iconic as Dracula . He starred in quite a few movies with Boris Karloff in the 30s , but around the 40s is when Lugosi hit Poverty Row , which was a slang for low budget studios.As much as I love Bela Lugosi for me Boris Karloff is the king of the horror genre , but even for those who prefer Lugosi his career never quite took off like Karloff 's and let 's be honest ; Lugosi was a better actor than given credit for , but he does n't have the range Karloff did . By the time of the release of Invisible Ghost , Lugosi was starting to hit hard times . He did star in a few movies for major studios , but in general he was reduced to a small role that was beneath him and in a lot of the movies it was a role that essentially any actor could have played . Lugosi appeared in the RKO release of The Body Snatcher with Boris Karloff in 1945 and by this time when Lugosi had a role in a movie under a major studio it was either a cameo or in the case of The Body Snatcher he was just sort of there and had no lines at all or in this case very little dialogue . So that shows you how Bela Lugosi went from this greatness to struggling for roles , which was really quite a shame.Even when Bela Lugosi would get a starring role in a movie by the likes of Universal like The Ghost of Frankenstein , by that point the series was now seen as a B-movie rather than an A , but even with a movie like Ghost of Frankenstein being seen as a B movie it 's still light-years ahead of Poverty Row . Despite the fact Lugosi was reduced to Poverty Row he was still making some enjoyable movies . The best way to describe this movie for a modern audience is if there had been VHS and or DVDs Invisible Ghost would have been a movie that went DTV.The screenplay by Al & Helen Martin is quite poor ; while not the worst script out there it was poor with weak characters and an even weaker plot . Nothing is explained plot wise and the characters were rather boring . Lugosi plays Charles Kessler and we find out his wife left him for another man we also find out she was in a car accident and the guy died , but she lived . For some reason the Gardner keeps her hidden and she sometimes wanders off and when Kessler sees her he becomes hypnotized and kills people.The reason the Gardner keeps her hidden is he does n't want Kessler to see what she 's become since it seems she has some brain damage . Wow great explanation . And why exactly does Kessler become hypnotized and go on a killing spree ? Well your guess is as good as mine . Truth is by a certain point of the movie I was n't really paying full attention so if a reason was given I must have missed it . The biggest flaw with the movie is we know Kessler is the killer and it take away from the movie.And what I find funny is people are being killed in the house and yet not one person suspects anyone else and nobody bothers to lock their doors . I do n't know about you , but if people in my house are being killed I 'm gon na be suspicious of the other people and make sure my door is locked . Invisible Ghost really is just an idiotic movie.Director Joseph H. Lewis fails at brining any suspense or any tension . In fairness he does n't much to work with . Making something out of this script would be no easy task . But the one good thing I can say is the actors are n't half bad . For such a low budget flick the acting was n't bad well some of the actors were poor , but some were fairly decent . But even with that Joseph H. Lewis never is able to get much going.Over the years the horror genre has had many great suspenseful and scary movies , but there 's just something about horror from the 30s and 40s that has never been captured again . These movies often had this really eerie look that was loaded with atmosphere and again over the years many horror flicks have had that , but not like they did in the 30s and 40s , but Invisible Ghost really has none of that at all.Many have called Invisible Ghost the so bad its good movie and I suppose you can make a case for that , but for me this was just so bad it 's well bad . There are moments that are fun in how bad they are , but in general I was just bored . Invisible Ghost only runs at about 65-minutes , but personally it felt a lot longer . It 's quite a shame Bela Lugosi got stuck making movies like this and it would get even worse for him in the 50s . To go from starring in Dracula and movies along side Boris Karloff is a huge drop in the acting food chain.I can see how this movie would appeal to some viewers , but for me it was just mostly a waste . You can find so many better horror flicks from this era that it 's best to just skip this . The only reason to watch it is if you are a big Lugosi fan like I am . Lugosi was excellent , but he has such lousy material to work with there 's only so much he can do .
 The oddities of this Monogram semi-horror film begin with the title ! The `` ghost '' in question is NOT invisible , and is not really a ghost . Also , the shadow of an ape appears on the main title card . -LRB- Do n't ask me , I 'm only the reviewer . -RRB- The various plot twists contain no supernatural or science fiction elements , and yet are even less plausible than those of other Monogram horrors . The director , Joseph Lewis , displays almost none of the talent he showed in his later films . Only the presence of Bela Lugosi makes this one worthwhile . The role of `` Dr. Kessler '' is a Jekyll/Hyde character , so Lugosi is playing a normal , likeable guy during most of his screen time , which makes this one of his more unusual roles . Also , Clarence Muse is good as the butler .
 Even Bela Lugosi could n't save this turkey . The plot is idiotic , the supporting cast is dreadful , and the film is incredibly boring . Definitely not a classic .
 What a pathetic , degrading waste of talent on the part of actor Bela Lugosi , cast ludicrously in what comes close to equaling such bottom-of-the-barrel schlock as BRIDE OF THE MONSTER . And yet ... and yet ... if you love Lugosi 's mellifluous , Hungarian-accented intonations -LRB- as I do -RRB- , just sit back and ignore -LRB- or `` enjoy '' -RRB- the film 's imbecilic dialogue , implausible plot , stilted acting , and utterly hilarious direction , and allow yourself to be carried away by the erstwhile treasured voice that gave Bela Lugosi the fame and stature he so rightfully deserved back in the 30s from such memorable films as THE RAVEN , THE BLACK CAT , THE INVISIBLE RAY , SON OF FRANKENSTEIN and , of course , DRACULA .
 Bad film , which wastes the talent of Lugosi . Film is obviously low budget -LRB- where were you for this one Universal ? -RRB- , and some scenes are too dark . A better film is Killer Bats -LRB- a.k.a The Devil Bat -RRB- .
 I am so disappointed with the Eebee DVD . I bought it based on a review in Parents magazine , and also from the reviews posted here . I feel Eebee DVD 's are geared to children age 3-15 months when babies are just starting to move around . Little Eebee could not hold my toddler 's attention . It was a waste of money for my 2 year old
 I am so disappointed with the Eebee DVD . I bought it based on a review in Parents magazine , and also from the reviews posted here . I feel Eebee DVD 's are geared for first time parents , when their babies are just starting to move around . It gives you some great ideas of things to do with your new explorer . My 16 month old is an avid Baby Einstein watcher -LRB- LOVES them ! -RRB- and was not interested in this DVD AT ALL . Not even little Eebee himself could hold my toddler 's attention .
 Only gave this two stars because the filming was so good . This is programmed propaganda because in the actual event , the squad was composed of African Americans . This is another case -LRB- and I have examples galore ! -RRB- of Hollowwood turning out a `` Propaganda Product '' and passing it off as a documentary . Please note how the glowing reviews such as L. S. do n't mention this major change in the film , though she says that the `` actors are perfect for their roles '' . Right.Here is an actual event in history where all parties are known , film and photographs and transcripts are availible , but De Palma and Penn just ca n't tell it as it happened because it would reflect badly on a minority population in the U.S.A. . The race of the perps is an important aspect to the film because it had been less than 25 years earlier that the U.S. Army had been integrated.Not content with portraying all Vietnam veterans as baby killers and psychos , De Palma works to make sure that any crimes committed in Vietnam are laid on the feet of Mr. White Man . This is like filming `` Tora , Tora , Tora '' and having whites in Zero 's bombing brave Africans on the American Ships ; with Denzel Washington playing Admrial Nimitz ! Also please note that race of the victim is not changed .
 In 1967 and 1968 , I was squad leader in Vietnam in the 25th Infantry Division . This is yet another Hollywood movie that portrays Vietnam combat vets as perverts , and heartless killers . Nothing could be farther from the truth . War is brutal and ugly and the Vietnam War was no exception , but young Americans served honorably in Vietnam as Americans have in other wars . Yes , these things may have happened , but they were the exception and not the rule . It seems that most of the movies I 've seen focus on the same negative themes . If you REALLY want to know what the war was like , the only DVD I could fully recommend is `` Dear America , Letters Home from Vietnam '' . This DVD contains actual Vietnam War footage , which is mixed with letters home read by Tom Berenger , Robin Williams , Robert Deniro , Michael J. Fox , Martin Sheen and many others . Please see this video if you really want to begin to understand what combat vets experienced and how they conducted themselves .
 CASUALTIES OF WAR is one of many Vietnam War movies that came out in the late 80 's as a result of the success of PLATOON . Unfortunately , it is one of the weakest . It 's one of those movies that has a great premise -LRB- and cast - Michael J Fox and Sean Penn -RRB- but it is poor in it 's final execution . By orders of Sgt Meserve -LRB- Penn -RRB- as retaliation to the death of his friend during combat , a U.S. platoon raids a village and kidnap a vietnamese girl . Then they take turns raping and eventually kill the girl . One of the platoon , Private Errikson -LRB- Fox -RRB- refuses to participate , and even goes as far to report the incident to his superiors . However , in typical twist of military fate and honor , he is branded as a traitor and is threatened by his the men in his platoon . Errikson/Fox endures a multitude of harrassment and is even almost killed . In some documentation of the making of this film , it was reported that Fox was unhappy with his character 's lack of retaliation during the hazing sequences when he is branded a snitch . Fox had suggested to the director , De Palma , the scene where Pvt Errikson hits Pvt Clark -LRB- actor Don Harvey-EIGHT MEN OUT -RRB- in the face with a shovel out of frustration after an attempt is made on his life with a grenade . The story is based on a true account , however , the movie does not justify the end means . Penn 's character is not likeable at all and very scary . Fox is always a presence , but perhaps the brutality and meaningless of what is done to the girl is not watchable as the Vietnam War itself is all ready a contoversial subject . To put this scenario in the forefront of what is all ready an unpleasant theme validates the proverbial `` two-wrongs-don ` t-make-right '' .
 A Vietnam film based on a true account , starring Michael J. Fox and Sean Penn - you ca n't go wrong , right?Well unfortunately , they did.The film is a true account of a small squad of long-range troops in Vietnam . They are your typical GIs of the time - their battle experience has made them fed up and angry.The movie opens in a dark , dense jungle . Michael J. Fox , that crazy little critter , gets himself stuck in a hole leading directly into an enemy underground tunnel ! He is rescued by the Sergeant , etc.After a likeable member of the squad , `` Brownie '' is killed off guard in a village harbouring Vietcong -LRB- he was my favourite character of the whole film , funnily enough -RRB- , the squad Sergeant -LRB- played brilliantly by Sean Penn -RRB- is bitter and remorseful . He has the idea to kidnap a young woman for the entire squad to rape once they set out for their next assignment . This is his idea of `` payback '' for what the Vietcong did to their friend.Basically , the film is about poor old Micheal J. Fox and his moral dilemma - does he follow suit and rape the girl with the others , or does he go with his gut instincts and risk being ridiculed?Well , of course , he does n't , and the rest of the film shows him trying to expose the others to the authorities.The acting on Michael J. Fox 's part was good enough - I would n't expect Fox to be able to play a soldier this well , to be honest.Sean Penn gives by far the best performance . He 's a rowdy young kid -LRB- he 's only 20 years old in the film -RRB- , basically , and you can never tell if he 's a good guy or not ... he drives the movie on if you ask me.So , why did I rate this only two stars ? Well , simply put , there is so much of this film that is bad.First of all , the action - there is n't much of it , but they did n't really bother in the opening scene with the dreadful pyrotechnics - we 're talking little white clouds of smoke reminiscent of 60 's films . Mortar shells I would exepct , would have far worse impact than is portrayed here.Another thing is the script in general is just badly thought out . The serious subject matter gives way to typical Hollywood crap - a hand grenade causes a huge over-exxagerated explosion in a camp toilet and Fox is thrown about 20 metres into the air . And lives . Without a scratch.The characters in general -LRB- mainly the other squad members -RRB- are bland and forgettable . You just find them more irritating than anything else ...
 `` Casualties of War '' is based upon a true life incident during the Vietnam War in which an innocent Vietnamese girl is raped and murdered by a U.S. army squad . The girl is victimized in `` revenge '' for a previous attack upon this squad by the Viet Cong . All but one soldier in the squad participates in the rape/murder . That soldier is played by Michael J. Fox . Fox is excellent as the sole conscience amongst the squadron.Fox 's character is so horrified by what he sees , that he is compelled to report this atrocity to his commanders . As a result , he is vilifed by his peers and by certain superiors . A trial of the other squadron members ensues . I will not give away the outcome.Sean Penn as the instigator of the rape/murder is brilliant in his portrayal of the sadistic and ruthless soldier . And Thuy Thu Le who plays the murdered Vietnamese girl is obviously a talented young actress with great emotional depth . The rape scene itself is quite graphic and disturbing.But unfortunately , the way in which the Vietnamese girl 's role is written and directed makes this character more unbearable than the rape itself . And that should NOT be . The rape is a horrific and vile act . But this girl 's continual whimpering , coughing , clinging , and totally passive behavior is what finally became unbearable for me as the viewer.De Palma and David Rabe give the Vietnamese girl no strength , smarts , or even a smidgeon of dignity . The girl has the opportunity to flee when Michael J. Fox 's character unties her . But she does nothing but run back to him and thus sets herself up for more torture by the rest of the squad.Perhaps that is how the incident actually happened . But in the most effective dramas , the audience can identify with its protagonist . In this movie , it is almost impossible to do so because the protagonist is so completely weak and witless . The filmmakers have given me too little to care about in this girl upon which an entire story is based . That is why `` Casualties of War '' merits only two stars .
 CASUALTIES OF WAR -LRB- 1989 -RRB- Directed by Brian De Palma . Script by David Rabe . Score by Ennio Morricone.Starring Michael J. Fox , John C. Reilly , John Leguizamo , Ving Rhames , Sherman Howard , Amy Irving , Stephen Baldwin and Sean Penn.This , based on a true story -- or rather something written during the Vietnam War for The New Yorker by someone who wanted to undercut morale and hinder the War effort -- film tells the story of a group of five soldiers who , when sent on a recon patrol , four of whom kidnap , rape and then murder a Vietnamese girl . Upon returning from the patrol , the fifth soldier names names and testifies against them before a military committee resulting in their conviction.By 1989 , The Left was horrified that , due to the Rambo films among others , their Vietnam War smear on American soldiers -- that they were all drooling drug addicted incompetent suppressed homosexual Nazi baby killers -- was being discredited and discarded to the trash heap of false history . So , digging up Comrade Rabe who spent the Vietnam War years creating the smears that The Party used to aid their Little Red Brothers in North Vietnam to write the script , this film was produced portraying American Soldiers as being drooling drug addicted incompetent suppressed homosexual Nazi baby killers.Utterly stuck in a fraudulent past , the film might just as well be made in 1969 rather than 89 for all that it acknowledges that 20 years have past and the Communist conquest of Indochina was a humanitarian disaster of Biblical proportions . But no . Communism may fall in Moscow but Party Discipline goes on forever . The film is so retro that , at one point , a character actually paraphrases John Kerry by describing the Americans as Genghis Khans.Really.As might be expected , the adherence to the Party Line hurts the film dramatically in many ways . DePalma 's two main battle scenes are off in a way that is hard to put one 's finger on -- presumably because his sympathies are with the Reds rather than the Americans who are so incompetent here that they kill as many of themselves than they do of the enemy . In any case , there is no suspense or verve in these scenes . Rabe 's dialogue ... especially in the first 30 minutes is very bad and very fake in that Clifford Odets sing song repetition rhythm sort of way with characters basically saying the same thing over and over again while stopping short of clapping their hands while doing so . Why DOES the Left feel the need to repeat everything at least three times in their melodramas ?? A core belief that the rabble are so ignorant that they can only be indoctrinated by constant repetition ?? My my such affection for those they claim that they are trying to liberate.The film does not really come alive until the hour long kidnaping rape and murder sequence which DePalma/Rabe linger over with graphic detail and disturbing almost and probable gleeful relish . This sequence is far more brutal and detailed than anything in say THE KILLING FIELDS or indeed any filmed ... of the very few ... Communist atrocity in American film from easily 1970 to the present day , indicating , since the Reds did the similar and worse as their ideology dictated to literally millions of Orientals like the girl here ... and still do to this day , that DePalma/Rabe really do not give a damn about this girl 's tragedy other than as someone to be exploited , used and discarded for the Party and the Cause . If these criminals had not raped and murdered her , DePalma and Rape probably would have done so themselves ... which in a way they do ... While Fox and the actress who plays the girl are quite good -- though at one point she is dubbed by Amy Irving , one can not say as much for the rest of the cast . While Penn 's reputation is an utter mystery to me -- here his performance is a bizarre cross between Huntz Hall and Rondo Hatton -- , one should attempt to be fair and state that no one has any real characters to play . Everyone is an old Moscow generated propaganda construct of how the Left likes to portray the American Military . In general , the American soldier is either a hysterical incompetent or a faceless bureaucrat . If he is Black , he is either a victim of racism or high on pot -LRB- and hence absolved of any responsibility of their involvement in the War -RRB- . Fox plays the decent but impotent American -LRB- presumably the noncommunist Democrat -RRB- who is incapable of stopping his fellow Americans from `` raping Vietnam . '' And the four criminal soldiers are respectively ... a sergeant -LRB- played by Penn -RRB- who is an effective soldier but also insane and with suppressed homosexual tendencies -LRB- He is driven over the edge when his beloved Black friend is killed by the Vietcong -RRB- aka the Gay smear , a corporal who is racist and talks of exterminating all the Vietnamese aka the Nazi smear , the third soldier -LRB- played by Reilly -RRB- is close to being retarded -- unlike members of the Left who are all `` intellectuals '' and finally the fourth played by Lequizamo who is just easily led -- unlike the Left who were all `` rebels . '' It is all so narcissistic , masturbatory and very familiar . DePalma liked this film so much that he recently remade it as REDACTED only changing the setting to Iraq.NOTE . Modern viewers of the film may be upset by DePalma having the truth about the crime being revealed and action taken only when Fox tells it to a Chaplain . That would have to changed today with the Priest being portrayed as a drunken pedophile who tries to rape Fox.A Hollywood supports the troops film.See it or not
 The movie was well made and acted . Sean Penn was excellent as usual as well as M.J.Fox , but I did n't like the anti-war message . The entire film was set up to give the `` anti '' message from the beginning and portrayed most of the American soldiers as heartless killers and rapists . There were philisophical speaches right in the middle of patrols and only one American -LRB- Fox -RRB- was portrayed as a human with a concience.The film was `` based '' on a true story , and we all know these kinds of atrocities happened even among our fine American soldiers , but I prefer a more realistic portrayal.If you want to see real men , in real situations and speaking like real men speak to each other then see `` Hamburger Hill '' . I do n't need all the anti-war hype to understand that war is bad . War is terrible for everyone involved , and I do n't need speeches or in-your-face explanations to realize that . All I ask for is realism.If you want a philisophical and whiney film then it 's ok , but I wanted realism and do n't think it delivered as well as many other war dramas .
 First off , I sincerely respect Penn 's acting skills ; and , while I like Michael J. Fox personally and find him appealing in lighter roles such as `` Back to the Future , '' he projected to me the aura of one of those soldiers destined not to survive the rigors of prolonged combat . With my respect for Penn undiminished , far more than in other films of the genre that I 've seen , I could never stop seeing these `` soldiers '' as actors playing a part ; the female victim was the only character who allowed me to totally suspend disbelief -LRB- all the worse for me -RRB- . As another reviewer observed , casting the roles of participants of a real-world atrocity with actors of a different race seems to go beyond my idea of permissible Hollywood license and deep into propaganda territory . Portraying genuine minority heroes with white actors would provoke outraged protests from whichever community was denied their rightful reflected glory . If this film is to be taken seriously as history , as it strives to be , I do n't accept that they needed big-name star power to attract an audience , or that they just could n't find any actors of the appropriate race talented enough to play their real-world counterparts . `` Whitewashing '' the racial component in what purports to be a true story is , to the extent it was done , inexcuseable . The producers could have easily fictionalized anything they liked and populated it with a squad of the most popular and convenient societal scapegoat figures imaginable and made a movie representative of the issue -LRB- s -RRB- they wished to address . But , instead , they chose give their creation the added dramatic weight of a story that is supposed to have really happened as presented , forcing you to witness an atrocity that is not fiction . I believe that the price demanded for such additional dramatic weight is the utmost faithfulness to the facts , including those that the creators might wish were different.Rape and other atrocities have been commonplace in warfare for as long as there has been warfare , and no side can claim innocence . That 's an age-old truism . It 's not pretty subject matter , but neither is just about anything else in war . When your life has been reduced to little more than grim survival , and virtually all moral landmarks have been eradicated for expediency , except to follow orders , normal social conventions ca n't seem very real , anymore . Like most of the audience , I was not in that situation , so , like most of the audience , I can only be disgusted by what I see unfold in this film . I find violence against defenseless non-combatants to be particularly objectionable . No doubt , far worse things have been carried out in times of war , and I 'm relieved that I do n't have to carry the memory of them around with me as I 've carried the memory of the atrocities portrayed in this film around with me for the 20 years since I saw it in the theater . It received favorable reviews , and I was anxious to see Penn in another film . But , in hindsight , I wish I 'd never seen it . I would have been more comfortable watching a symbolic , representative piece of fiction than having to bear in mind that the experiences portrayed by the actress in this film actually happened to someone.I knew that war was an ugly , arbitrary , violent , tragic , and often sadistic place to be without seeing this film . I 've read All Quiet on the Western Front , countless non-fictional accounts of WWII , viewed numerous historic war documentaries utilizing contemporary combat footage , and watched countless Hollywood products such asPaths of Glory , Apocalypse Now - The Complete Dossier -LRB- Two-Disc Special Collector 's Edition -RRB- , Platoon -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- , Full Metal Jacket , and myriad other films -LRB- of all genres -RRB- . And , while I was fortunate enough not to have to be in this kind of environment , myself , many of the people who 've passed through my life had all manner of personal experiences to tell me about WWII , the Korean War , Vietnam , and Desert Storm . I learned all that a person really needs to know about war without this film . All I can say this added to the pile was a mild case of post-traumatic vicarious stress disorder , a condition that , for all I know , exists only in me from watching this movie . I ca n't think of who needs to see this film . If you 're already emotionally numb enough not to be bothered by it , then the message will be lost on you ; and if you 're at all sensitive , this will just upset you . It does n't work as an action movie , since the central crime runs through virtually the whole thing like a huge scratch on the print ; it does n't give you any satisfied sense of justice being done in the end , because the system is just as bad after the experience , and the punishments , when they were n't dismissed on technicalities , were ultimately dwarfed by the crime . I wo n't totally trash this film because it is photographed competently , and the acting is fully adequate . But I ca n't recommend one of the few films I wish I could erase from my memory .
 This the the absolute worst war movie ever made . It is full of HORRIBLE acting -LRB- Sean Penn is no Tom Berringer in Platoon ! -RRB- . The film is full of geographical inaccuracies -LRB- a train on the side of a mountain in Vietnam ??? -RRB- . Trust me , save your money . This is blatantly an anti-war movie and has no purpose other than for some hollywood celebrity pundits trying to make soldiers look like criminals .
 I was there for two years , there are very few if any real facts in this movie , on the Extras Disc the advisers and statisticians did not tell the truth ... The movie is a lie !
 This movie is nothing more than propaganda . If one looks at 2.59 million males -LRB- the number of Americans who served in Vietnam -RRB- mostly between the ages of 18-29 , under any circumstances , one is likely to discover many heinous and shocking acts . While any human being should be shocked and emotionally disturbed by the brutal rape and murder portrayed in this movie , only a fool would be * surprised * that such incidents occurred . Based on U.S. crime statistics -LRB- 200 + rapes per 100,000 young males per year -RRB- one would expect at least 5,000 rapes for 2.5 million American young males in a one year period -LRB- Vietnam tours were generally a little over one year -RRB- . Moreover , it should not take incidents like those portrayed in _ Casualties of War _ to make one wary of going to war . If more balanced war movies like _ Hamburger Hill _ and _ Saving Private Ryan _ make a person think war is glorious , then that person needs his -LRB- or more rarely , her -RRB- head examined.One thing that does not bother me much is that while the actual perps in this incident were black , the perps in the movie are white . The fact is that there were probably similar or worse incidents amongst white soldiers , simply given the sheer number of soldiers . On the other hand , I do not believe that emphasizing incidents like the one portrayed in _ Casualties of War _ is fair to veterans of any race and of any war.I give this movie two stars instead of one because it does portray an actual incident -LRB- even though it implies the lie that such incidents were commonplace -RRB- , and because it is decent as a morality play .
 Bian De Palma makesthe mistake of hiscareer by doing twothings . Making a judgement on a warhe doesnt understandand by counting onMichael J Fox to carry the film.Its such a whiney mess of a film that I use it to annoy my wife when she asks whats on television.Its actually that bad . Sean Penns acting in this film will go down in history as one of the great and mighty pieces of overacting and caricature . It will be used in acting classes for yrs to come as an example of how to butcher a part beyond recognition.I have read the reviews for this film and am astounded that one single positive review was written.A biased , lousy mess that will be forgotten . Look at what its selling for used and you will see for yourself .
 Anyone who thinks that taking one of the many aspects of war as a guide could possibly tell the whole story is a fool . Anyone who comes to any negative conclusions based upon this movie -LRB- which I fear is the case since many in our PC culture watch this crap -RRB- is a fool !! Anyone who believes this is the way it happened is so shaded from reality that they should get down on their knees and praise the Good Lord that brave people are able to take care of the problems they refuse to honestly deal with.Anyone who is n't troubled by this movie is insane , but anyone who believes that this movie tells anything about Vietnam needs to get a grip . To believe this movie gives any piece to the puzzle in the whole story of Vietnam War or even a small glimmer into the story of a group of soldiers -LRB- much less the valor of other soldiers -RRB- is so sadly ignorant of reality - they must reside in a comfortable place protected by such soldiers or in the misguided realm of liberal Utopian BS . This movie is CRAP !! This movie is Hollywood want-a-be great , but ends up insulting people who cared about our country . This is BS!This movie does not depict what happened . If you are entertained by crap and lies like this to further your silly ideas , then this movie is for you .
 This movie stinks . It was so bad that I hope I never have to watch it again for the rest of my life .
 An average rating of 4 stars before me ?!? Have our standards sunk so abyssmally low ?!?!? Foxx ca n't act period !! He has no brain and no talent . This , like every other roll has tried to set him up as some macho superstud which he is n't ! -LRB- trouncing Heidi Klum in Spin City ? NO WAY ! Would n't happen -RRB- He has a very good agent ; that 's it ! Back to the Future-2 , maybe 3 stars stretching it . But let 's face it . His emmy was a pity-ploy only becaue he has a disease . His best rolls are child-like because he 's so infantile . This roll , for him like every other is affected and phony.For the smear piece this is against our military , this is n't even a good attempt.Depalma no less , good a rep as he has , should have hired a military advisory for this 1 , which he obviously did n't ! There are too many problems and protocol issues to count . And I assert these with a military background of my own.DePalma should have chalked this 1 up to a failure and never even released it . Just paid the paychecks and flushed it.Penn & Foxx were the only big names in this film I think to elicit viewership . The rest of the cast are a bunch of no-names who , almost certainly , for their lack of talent , at least for this one , we , hopefully , wo n't see in too much else.Some of the takes with Penn/Spiccolli -LRB- Fast Times @ Ridgemont High roll -RRB- and his phony accent being so thick as to be almost unintelligible are so bad as to be ridiculous . The scenes where he 's , most significantly , viciously barking out orders to `` kill the prisoner '' ; to anyone with a scintilla of brains , the obvious question is , `` if he 's justified , why does n't he do it himself ? '' If this question were logically answered , there would be no reason at all for the movie ; which maybe would be a good thing?The scenes even after Foxx 's character is finally granted a hearing , as a Private First Class is telling captains to go screw themselves ? These go so far beyond being grounded in reality as to be laughable.If someone gave me this movie I would n't even attempt to sell it it 's so stupid & unrealistic .
 Totally unbelievable and bad in all respects . Really worthless . Only reason I give it two stars is because the -LSB- Vietnamese girl -RSB- is not bad to look at when they first abduct her .
 This sucked!The WORST English dub EVER!Crayon Shinchan is long TV series that lasted close to 12 years in Japan . Funimation did NOT purchase the entire series just a handful of episodes , so you do n't see how the stories and characters developed and changed over the many seasons.The English dub they made changed the entire dialogue and Americanized practically ALL the characters and situations to an extreme low brow humor . Granted the original show did have a lot of puns , and low brow humor as well , but Shinchan did retain an innocence for his mischief , being the focus that he was always this incredible force of fun shaped as a 5 year old boy . True fans of the manga and series should NOT buy this lame production by Funimaiton .
 This video only maintained my daughter 's attention for about a minute -LRB- if that -RRB- ! I found it to be pretty boring actually . There 's hardly any talking , there is no music , and ` Eebee ' and the lady do the same things over and over , so it gets boring after about the third time they do something -LRB- i.e. pouring cheerios out of a long container -RRB- . I wish there was more talking/interaction or at least some music .
 Parents please be aware that many studies show that the more television children under five watch the less likely they are to engage in creative play . -LRB- DVDS being basically the same thing -RRB- . Dimitri Christakis the director of the Child Health Institute at the University of Washington quoted in the book Parenting Inc , states
 I found this movie very annoying . The plot is quite slow since the daughter likes to bust out in spontaneous orgasm periodically . Also , there is n't really a plot in my opinion . I know the synopsis states a detective is looking for what happened to Laura ... blah blah blah ... but it tends to focus on the detective being tied up , then the daughter has sex with him tied up , then she pukes on him , then she has sex again with him tied up then she pees on him , then they sit down for a family dinner . The daughter narratiates throughout the movie and I found her voice to be rather high and annoying plus I felt the narration was pointless . It seems the movie was made more for shock value than anything else . It shows mother doing daughter with strap on , daughter having sex with man tied up releasing various body fluids upon him , the father -LRB- dressed as a mummy -RRB- doing the daughter ... the movie tends to revolve around sex ... and the reason ?? I do n't know but I do n't feel it adds to the movie . I guess it is to impress upon the viewer that the mother/daughter pair are demented ?? Anyhoo ... I did n't get much out enjoyment or anything else out of the movie . The black and white filming was done nicely but that 's about it .
 I have now watched the immortal -LRB- ???????? -RRB- SINGAPORE SLING!I love Horror movies , so much so I comb every store thatsells them here in BLISTERING HOT LAS VEGAS . I was starvingfor something in horror I had not seen.So I looked at my FAV.place-AMAZON I scrolled down movies and low and behold I seeSINGAPORE SLING , and not only that but all these rave reviews!So I took a chance and bought it before viewing -LRB- Amazon readersI can not stress enough how irresponsible that is -RRB- The moviewas at only one store out of 14 I shop at -LRB- that alone shouldhave told me something -RRB- but hey ? All these RAVE reviews fromAMAZONERS could not be wrong ? OR COULD THEY ! Well I have nowseen SING 6 times -LRB- which to it 's credit I am not saying it ` shorrible for I would not keep trying with it -RRB- but all thereviews of OUTSTANDING-BREATHTAKING , and ONE OF A KIND ??? I am just lost.First the good points , so I do n't come offlike a JERK!The director has talent , no debate there.The3 actors are just that . . Actors and not nobody 's who cameoff the street.The cinamatography was very , very good.So you see I am trying with this but what I do n't like -LRB- well besides shelling out $ 23.95 -RRB- is I am having a hardtime following this story , and have now watched it 6 timeshell ! It 's playing now while I type this.The acting fromthe women -LRB- who are very attractive mind you -RRB- is sometimesdare I say it , DARE!DARE ! Over acting abit with the blink/blinkof the eyes and the finger over the mouth miming the sshhh!motion -LRB- a lil overdone you ca n't say it 's not or you have notwatched this movie -RRB- the young daughter especially narratingto us can sometimes be annoying.So anyway I just wanted toput this review in for someone who has not seen this toread a review that does not give this 5 stars -LRB- 5 stars ??? -RRB- but only 2 -LRB- 1.5 to be honest -RRB- In a nutshell this is what you aregetting.A gorgeous black & white movie of a story of a motherand daughter who take in this stranger to have sex , vomit andS & M ; with on every level , and yes there is a plot twist foryou detective fans.So if you love David Lynch ERASERHEADand David Cronenburg 's Naked Lunch , Terry Gilliam 's Tidelandthan this is your cup of coffee . For me I am to simple Iguess for this movie is on my shelf right between Silenceof the lambs and Candyman -LRB- I do my films by year -RRB- and thismovie looks very out of place.I do n't know ? Maybe it 's mebut `` WHEW '' I can remember COUNTLESS of times looking at myceiling taking a deep breath and saying `` LET 'S GO ! '' 20mininto this after the 6th viewing.Snore-aping Sling !
 We were able to see this DVD for free , which is an appropriate price for a silly movie based on the adventures of two stoners . Their goal is to watch THE SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION and start their own business based on an infomercial . They enter rehab to see the TV , get caught up in some other crime , basically wander around . There are one or two very funny scenes , one that I found extremely disturbing and offensive , and a happy , if implausible , ending.If you already have pay channels and it 's on , or if someone else offers to lend it to you , it 's not a total waste of time , but do n't spend money to see it .
 This reminded me of Dude , Where 's My Car ? just a little bit but this is much better that it but not a classic . Danny Masterson -LRB- The 70 's Show , Dracula 200 -RRB- and Ronnie Warner -LRB- Threshold , Rock Me Baby -RRB- play two guys who live in a crappy apartment and get hassled by their landlord , played by Jonathan Banks -LRB- RSVP , Dark Blue -RRB- because they havent payed their rent in awhile . The 2 of them are fans of a guy on a commercial , played by John C. McGinley -LRB- Scrubs , Se7en -RRB- and want to be exactly like him . They wind up getting into whacky situations and what not . They go into a rehabilitation group since they smoke pot alot but eventually get kicked out . Darrell Hammond -LRB- SNL , Scary Movie 3 -RRB- plays Masterson 's brother -LRB- with an annoying voice -RRB- who works for a restaurant that is a piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- . Mekhi Phifer -LRB- ER , 8 Mile -RRB- plays the 2 guys friend Big Daddy -LRB- his cell phone ringtone says it all -RRB- and he supplies them with the good stuff . They also get into a mixup when they are supposed to make a suitcase drop into a mailbox for Big Daddy but it goes haywire . Terry Crews -LRB- Friday After Next , Badassss ! -RRB- is amusing -LRB- forgot his characters name -RRB- as a thug who thinks he can rap good . Crews trying to rap and cant is hilarious . Some of it isnt funny which doesnt leave much but it has its moments ... nothing special except for Kristen Miler 's scene where she forces Warner into bed and makes love to `` Jesus '' . Also starring Ashley Scott -LRB- Walking Tall , Into The Blue -RRB- , Jason Stuart -LRB- Gone Postal , Space -RRB- , Mo Collins -LRB- MadTV , Jingle All The Way -RRB- , David Faustino -LRB- Married With Children -RRB- , Constance Miller -LRB- George Lopez , Tortilla Soup -RRB- , Stephon Fuller -LRB- The Terminal , Fire + Ice -RRB- , Paulo Costanzo -LRB- road Trip , Scorched -RRB- and Jaleel White -LRB- Family Matters -RRB- .
 Just got done watching it and ... yeah , pretty horrible . There were a few moments that made me slightly chuckle , but that 's about it for the laughs department . I had a feeling I should n't waste my time by the first 5 minutes , but went through with it anyway . I would infinitely recommend Smiley Face over this any day . This movie is just creepy and pathetic in comparison .
 iguess you have to be stoned to enjoy this moviebecause any other way its just bad its just not interesting , not funny , not worth it
 There 's about 15 minutes of horror film . But the rest of the 2 hours is made up of 2 confused people trying to come to terms with their histories which are related to the horror story portion by analogy -LRB- and the man 's brief contact with the dead children -RRB- . There was supposed to be a psychological reason behind the horror -- but it did n't strike me as particularly insightful . Instead it was dreary . The acting , even by Jun Ji Hyun , was dreary . The actions by the characters were dreary . The only sign of life comes from the fianc&eacute;e -- a strong , dynamic performance by attractive Yu Seon.TO see Jun Ji Hyun at her best , I recommendMY SASSY GIRL , DAISY , orIL MARE .
 In the world of Lifetime movies , a genre populated by `` based on real incidents '' docudramas , women in peril thrillers , and prurient `` ripped from the headline '' scandals or crime stories , they occasionally break the mold to adapt a popular fiction . In my mind , some of their more successful ventures have been these literary adaptations -- `` The Tenth Circle '' and `` The Memory Keeper 's Daughter , '' for example , worked as stand alone movies even if fans of the books were disappointed by the oversimplification of the presentations . I think those who were intrigued by David Ebershoff 's bestseller `` The 19th Wife '' will likewise be displeased by this by-the-numbers accounting -- but more problematic , the film may also fail to appeal to newbies with no connection to the source material . This seemed a ca n't miss entertainment combining murder and polygamy , but the story is stretched too thin and the principle characters tend to be completely unbelievable.The novel 's hook is that it paralleled a modern murder investigation with a historical examination of one of Brigham Young 's more rebellious wives . `` The 19th Wife '' benefits tremendously with the casting of Patricia Wettig -LRB- Thirtysomething -RRB- as a compound wife charged with murdering her husband . Unfortunately the film actually centers around Chyler Leigh -LRB- Grey 's Anatomy -RRB- , a young progressive who sets out to prove Wettig 's innocence . Enlisting her childhood friend and Wettig 's son , Matt Czuchry -LRB- The Good Wife , Gilmore Girls -RRB- , the two start to unravel the truths of the case and deal with unresolved feelings of betrayal and resentment . Wettig does well , as you might expect , and Czuchry is appropriately bitter having been cast out as a boy -- but they are , by far , the best things about the movie . Leigh is the single most unbelievable representative of a polygamist sect ever put on film . Raised on the principle , she is so extraordinarily modern and free -- at home to openly disregard any aspect of the lifestyle that inconveniences the plot . Oh , it made my head hurt!By itself , though , it 's an interesting enough story even if the final revelations lack a bit of conviction . But the film also tries to incorporate the Brigham Young aspect into the plot by having Leigh read the elicit diary of a woman ahead of her time . At about 95 minutes , it is really just too little time to represent either story very effectively . This is where fans of the novel are likely to be up-in-arms , the story really becomes a skeleton of the complexities you might have admired about the book ! Surprisingly , I 'm still going to give this a nominal recommendation only for Wettig 's fans -- we do n't see her often enough and she ca n't be held guilty for the sins of this unremarkable TV movie . KGHarris , 2/11 .
 Here 's the real review . There is only one DVD , not the three pictured . The lighting is awful , barely able to make out that there are two people dancing . The footwork is never shown close up . Teach very basic steps of too many dances . No intermediate or advanced moves here . Each disk is $ 25 on their web site , but most material is available for free on line on u tube .
 I was excited to find a Christian-based sitcom to enjoy with my children . We watched them . They definitely were Christian based , but they were annoying . These are definitely not role models for my girls . I would not want my girls acting like them . The one is so loud and flighty . They both seem really into themselves and very superficial . I would love for more Christian sitcoms to become available , but this one did not make the cut for me . I 'm disappointed . I had such high hopes .
 The acting was bad , especially those of the supporting characters . The actors were n't helped by some awful dialog . The plot was rediculous , though some of that was intentional . The low-budget special effects were silly , and not in a good way . In short , do n't waste your money on this stinker .
 Weak story , Characters were not interesting or engaging and Vampire rules were silly . Also tired of the Gay = slutty and incapable of an adult relationship . Ca n't we do better ?
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for a friend of mine , although i wanted to watch it as well . From the description of the movie i thought it would be entertaining and funny . Well the movie was pretty cheesy to say the least . The special effects were not good at all , the plot was thin -LRB- what can you expect from a gay vampire movie ? -RRB- . There was one hot scene in the movie . Other than that it was just not something i would want to watch again . Have a bunch of friends over for drinks and watch it , that would be entertaining !
 This trip down memory lane did not work for me . What was funny when I was a child , now pretty much not at all . Fodder for Goodwill .
 Little Disapointed seems to be old material from all his other videos Just an older Billy on stage
 It had been a while since I had heard his jokes and standup show . But I did not find this DVD as funny as I expected it.Yes , O'Connolly is unpredictable , but not `` Robin Williams '' umpredictable . It seems more as if he rambles around , goes on the tangent and forgets what he was talking about , and then his jokes lose momentum.Something no one has mentioned is that the producers did not put a lot of effort in the CD . There are no `` Chapters '' to identify the main themes of the show . For foreign speakers or hearing impaired , there are no closed captions . There are no extras . Nothing . It 's just a DVD which says `` Play '' , and there you go ... Hopefully this helps you in your decision .
 I was expecting a lot more humor . Actually , the last 5 minutes is the funniest and only made me grin .
 Billy Connolly
 Unlike all other Billy Connolly dvds ; this one failed to offend Catholics , Muslims , women , gays , schoolteachers , foreigners and the ` Good English ' Society . My wife , children and our local priest were not offended by this ` Big Yin ` offering.This is suprising for a Clydeside comedian who has a ` no taboo ' regime with his comedy.the reason that no offense was taken is simple.DVDs from USA do not work in the UK.Oh yes it took yonks to deliver and the girls at work got a bit spooked with the packaging from Frankfurt airport.Fingerpost in St Helens is still at war with the Hun.It does have a nice box though !
 This video was just ok . I give it a D + maybe a C - . Shaq 's comedy series have been really good but this was not as good as the others .
 I love comedy , but this particular video , in my opinion , has overplayed the use of foul language/cursing - no cussin . There was more cursing than real jokes . I was mostly disappointed with the host , Mo'Nique . The best comedian on this series by far was Paul Mooney , and Corey Holcomb bringing 2nd place . The others were ok , again in my opinion .
 Monique was a bit to much . Didnt really enjoy her on the mic . Loved Paul Mooney piece it was way to short . And the last comedian Corey was funny . But I wouldnt recommend anyone else to buy it . If your buying it to hear Paul Mooney 's Piece your better off waiting until his new stand comes out next month . Monique ruined the DVD .
 Well for starters monique 's stand up always involve male bashing because by the looks of her I can understand and the other comedians were garbage as well -LRB- except for paul mooney -RRB- . This was by far the sorriest shaquille o'neal comedy video in his production , I definitely do not think this video was funny .
 Do n't like most of these movies ; description inadequate so I did n't have a way to know what type of movies were on it .
 When I ordered this set , there was no information except Gordon Scott so I ordered . There are several Tarzan sets , but be careful because they all seem to have the same movies.If you just want good Tarzan movies , get the Johnny Weissmuller ones . I already had all the Weissmuller and Lex Barker Tarzans so ordered this because it said 5 movies and Gordon Scott . Actually , it is Tarzan vol 1 and Tarzan vol 2 in one package . I already had Tarzan vol 2 so now I have duplicates.Volume 1 : Tarzan of the Apes -- Elmo LincolnElmo was the first movie Tarzan and this is a silent movie so obviously old.Tarzan and the Green Goddess -- Bruce BennettA gentleman Tarzan in -- Guatemala ? Need I say more?Tarzan and the Trappers -- Gordon ScottNot the best Gordon Scott but at least a sample if you do n't have any of his movies.Volume 2 : Tarzan the Fearless -- Buster CrabbeTarzan 's Revenge -- Glenn MorrisThese 2 movies are not Johnny Weissmuller quality and very old but watchable . They do give you a different look if you collect.The main reason I wrote this review is so you would know which movies are in the set . I know I do n't like to order blindly . They are not expensive so worth it if you collect Tarzans . Otherwise , get Johnny Weissmuller .
 Even though I am 55 years old all the `` Offically Great '' Tarzan movies were made before I was born . Yes I do own this set that I picked up for about 3 or 4 bucks at a discount joint just for the Elmo Lincoln 1918 `` Tarzan of the Apes '' . The rest of these are nothing more then fill-ins of a number of off-beats that played the Big T over the years . In my youth Tarzan movies were always on TV , mostly on Sundays . In those days only one person was recognized as the real Tarzan ... OK class lets say it togeather ... `` Johnny Weismuller . '' I have both the MGM and the RKO DVD sets . As many know Johnny played Tarzan from 1932 to 1948 -LRB- after that he busted on the scene as `` Jungle Jim '' -RRB- ... and yes he was the best . The MGM efforts are outstanding . `` Tarzan and his Mate '' was and still is the finest Tarzan movie ever made and well worth seeing , many parts of the movie were shot on location in Africa and taken from another MGM classic `` Trader Horn '' . In 1939 I could never understand how a movie like `` Gone with the Wind '' could win the years ' Academy Award over a movie like `` Tarzan Finds A Son '' one of the real Weismuller classics . Talking about classics `` Tarzan 's New York Adventure '' broke the box offices but also ended the years of MGM doing any more Tarzan movies as WWII was about to break out and Maureen O'Sullivin -LRB- The only real Jane -RRB- went back to England to be with her husband before he entered the was against Hitler!If you want the best Tarzan movies then the MGM set is what you should get , not this sorry set . Some trivia ... how many knew that it was Johnny Eck the half boy from the movie `` Freaks '' who had no legs and therefore walked on his hands that played the prehistoric freaky bird seen walking in the jungle in the Weismuller classic `` Tarzan Escapes . '' `` Enjoy '' Joe Kopeck
 The cover of this DVD shows Tarzan standing with a lion . The movie with Gordon Scott that featured that scene was n't even one of the five movies . This is definitely not what it is portrayed as being . I was looking for Gordon Scott movies -LRB- in color -RRB- , but these were black and white movies that featured several other `` Tarzans '' . Only one had Gordon Scott in it , and it was not the movie that was pictured on the cover of the DVD . This was a birthday gift for someone who has been looking for Gordon Scott Tarzan movies for years , and I thought I had finally found the `` perfect '' gift ... not so .
 I do n't like it at all it is an embarrassment to Tarzan and he ca n't yell and he 's too civilized for Tarzan . If you like Tarzan movies do n't choose this one
 This is easily one of the worst shows I have seen . With only 45mins to work with there is no character development and the monster designs and fight scenes are nothing special . The final battle is contrived and nothing is resolved . I 'm a die-hard fan of anime and it was actually painful to watch this . I reget getting it . With all the good stuff out there pass this one up and get something else .
 I can say that this a bad anime.the animation quality is average and the story is dull from start to finish.There isnt any heat or excitement and it doent have a real ending .
 In this particular OAV , two scientist/professors , Komada and Koshigaya are on the trail of a rare virus that is known as the `` the demon virus . '' A few things that complicate their already difficult mission are three facts . The first one being that Komada has become infected by the `` demon virus '' and is running out of time before it consumes his human soul . The second fact being that something or some one is running around Japan and eating the livers of several young women . The third being that the young woman who Komada has developed strong feelings for is kidnapped.The story is nothing new from so many anime stories , the characterization is n't all that believable ; however , the art is very good and so are the voice-overs -LRB- Urban Vision tends to due a very good dubbing job in general -RRB- . All in all due to the lack of originality in the story , the lack of good transitions in some scenes , or the believability of the characterizations , and the less than satisfactory ending , I think that two stars is an accurate rating .
 There 's good hooror anime , and there 's bad horror anime , there 's no in between . I 'm not a huge fan of horror anime , but most anime has a horror touch in it . I 'm also not a fan of the `` kiddie '' anime that 's taking over our airwaves . I ca n't really say what I do like because there is a chance I 'll like anything . I go by my first impression , I give any anime a chance . With that in mind I watched Biohunter . The cover box is very misleading , it makes you think this film was directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri -LRB- Ninja Scroll and Wicked City -RRB- when it really is n't . However , Kawajiri did write this flop of a film . I do like Kawajiri 's earlier work like Ninja Scroll and Wicked City , he always has a horror like story in his films . But Biohunter felt like an updated version of Wicked City , and a bad one at that ! Wicked City is a great 80s Anime film , it 's very graphic , but it was groundbreaking along with Akira and Vampire Hunter D. Biohunter is similar to Wicked City in many aspects . What made Wicked City so good was it 's originality . Originality is something Biohunter does n't offer . It 's story is simple
 Regardless of what I have read here , I think this movie is not on the same technical or artistic merit as Akira or Ghost in the shell are . The graphic art is very poor , the story telling is also very badly done . Any one that is not a japanimation fan but does like pictures like the above mention , will find it as disappointing as I have . I do not recommend this title . do n't waste your money .
 Chronicling the ` final ' two days in the lives of a group of teenagers who make a suicide pact , `` State 's Evidence '' simply does n't work . Considering it is a direct to dvd release , i was more then willing to make allowances for budget etc. but where the film truly fails , is in the actual script . The filmmakers want you to feel sympathy for these people ... something which is next to impossible , considering their selfish and arrogant behavior throughout the movie . in the final act , we are supposed to simply forget that the ringleader of this group actually brought about the terrible events that happen -LRB- in what i can only assume was supposed to be a big twist of an ending , but could n't be more predictable -RRB- , and actually feel sorry for this young man . Acting wise , it was n't bad for the most part , though there were definitely moments of overacting . The last 10mins of the film seem thrown together as an afterthought , like the writers ran out of time to tell the story , so they shoved in as much as they could in the final few minutes . The main example of this , is the fact that one second you see one of the main characters counting out pills , struggling on whether or not to kill herself , and the next she is completely forgotten and never mentioned again . The filmmakers did n't even make a cohesive ending.A similar themed film , `` Elephant '' , while i also did not enjoy that , succeeded in making you feel outraged , but also a sense of compassion for the main character . The characters portrayed here lack any redeeming values ... being so incredibly self-absorbed as not to notice how much destruction they are leaving behind them until ... of course ... it is too late .
 I do n't know what these other reviewers are thinking of . I 'm a fan of Ian Richardson but he 's awful in this and this version of the story is likewise awful . Save your money because it 'll be a waste if you buy this tape . I know , I know , you 'd think he 'd be great at this role but it 's a big disappointment .
 I have just about every workout there is and like a challenge . The only workout I got with this video is from pushing the fast forward button because she puts a 2 to 3 minute break between every set . There are 3 workouts and each workout is only about 8 minutes if you leave out the breaks . PLEASE do not waste your money Please . I am sending this back . I have never ever done such a bad workout . It is really ridiculous that this ever got released .
 I bought this only because it had 5 stars w / great reviews . What a disappointment once I received it and watched it . As the other reviewers have written
 This DVD is a waste of money . I brought this DVD based on the 5 STARS reviews ; the reviewers must be Lisa 's friends and associates . There are no instructions for variations of levels . The DVD says so many reps for beginners , intermediate , and advance ; but , there are no cues as to when and what levels should be doing what . There is no consideration for a learning curve or alternate ways of doing certain routines . There are way too many breaks for such a short workout routine . I purchases this DVD for an intense workout at home when I am unable to go to the gym ; will have to invest in another Kettlebell workout . Lisa is making hand over fist on this DVD at the buyers expense .
 This is the worst DVD - total waste of money ! I agree the only way you would give a 5 is if you were here friend and felt obligated . I have never written a review but could n't stand it this time . There is very little workout time and mostly rest periods with a blank screen while mortuary music is playing in the background . I think she definitely knows what she is doing , just a shame she made it so boring . F
 This workout is a waste of time . I was excited when I saw all of the reviews before the dvd came out , nothing like what the postive reviews said . You barely break a sweat or get your heart rate up do to all of the pauses . The camera work is horrible . Very boring workout . I will no be buying the second video .
 Kettlebell Bombshell with Lisa BalashI too was very disappointed with this DVD . I own quite a few workout DVDs as I like to exercise in the privacy of my own home . I 've really gotten into kettle bells so I was excited when I read the reviews . It seems to give good instruction , but that 's about it . The workouts are n't much of a workout . There are three minute rests between moves . I could drive to McDonald 's and eat a cheeseburger before she starts on the next one . I guess you could hold the remote and keep fast-forwarding , but I have better things to do . This is the only workout DVD I 've ever requested a refund for . The long , positive reviews must be from friends and business associates .
 This DVD is awful . I have never written a review , but after 5 minutes of this DVD I could n't believe I wasted my money . Maybe a beginner might enjoy this , but certainly not someone who has exercised a day in their life . There is no need for all the breaks except to waste your time .
 The entire DVD seems to be more instructional than anything else . There is n't much of a workout at all . In between some of the movements there is a splash on the screen while a huge amount of rest time goes by and this is where you are told how to workout using what has been demonstrated . And by told it says that if you are a beginner you do this many sets and if you are intermediate you do this many and if you are advanced you do this many but that is it . There is n't much to follow after that . Even the warm-up in the cardio section leaves you cold.All in all I am still in search of a basic kettlebell workout that requires a little bit of effort . I was hoping this was it .
 Do n't waste your money . The only way to make this video a decent workout is to repeat each sequence by yourself during the 2 to 3 minute rest periods which follow each 1 minute of exercise . Terrible . Do n't know who gave it five stars . Perhaps the friends of the instructor !
 I have been a exercise dvd junkie for years , Kettlebell dvds also . Although I like the exercises presented , I have some issues with her form . I know from personal experience , if you do n't have your form correct , you can cause injury to other parts of your body as I did with my knees . Also , if you 're advanced , you will be working out without her instruction , as she only does the beginner workout with you . Normally , trainers will either let beginners know when their time is up and continue on with the advanced exercisers . Lisa stops working out at the beginners level , which leaves you still working out by yourself , hopefully , finishing in time for the next exercise . I did pick up some good exercises but do n't use this dvd as often as I would have liked . I will be sending it down the `` resell '' road .
 The title 's great - the cover is great - the instructions are mostly great ... There 's no mention at any time of a warm up or a cool down - just grab your kettlebell and get after it I guess . The breaks between exercises ? Weird , uninformative , and ... well , I know enough not to just sit down during that 30 - 60 - or 120 second break -LRB- yeah , up to 2 minutes of nothing but a timer -RRB- , but since the breaks are never addressed in any manner whatsoever , I can see people doing the set and sitting down which would n't exactly be healthy . I really wanted to love it , but I think the shortcomings outweigh the good points , at least for me ! I 'm selling mine back to Amazon !
 I purchased this dvd hoping for a complete kettlebell workout . This is not that video . She has 4 different segments or `` workouts . '' You would have to do all 4 just to feel that you had worked out with a kettlebell at all . The exercises are very short with very few repetitions and the breaks in between the exercises are way too long . The instructor states that she is really feeling it and her cardio was up . I was really bored and not feeling any sweat or cardio at all . Save your time and money and skip this kettlebell dvd .
 I do n't understand how a DVD that has n't been released yet has received so many reviews-all of them great . Has this DVD been released elsewhere ?
 First of all , I 'm going to put my dignity on the line and admit that I likeTail Stingto some degree , and have even watchedDeep Shocka few times by choice . So when I say Stinger is one of the most piss-poor pieces of junk I 've ever seen then , hopefully , my warning urging all to stay away will be heeded.Not long ago I picked upCentipede , which was released by Maverick/CreepFX as well . It had its share of flaws , but in the world of low-budget creature features it was pretty good . So I decided to give Stinger a shot -LRB- for $ 3.74 total -RRB- . I would say I wish I never had , but then I would not have the ability to give it the damaging review I now present . This movie seems to be virtually unknown , and I can honestly say it should remain in the void of obscurity . Do NOT salvage this title from the void by giving it a chance.The pacing is terrible . There are long stretches of silence and people wandering around a cramped dark interior without the slightest hint of suspense . When people deliver their lines not only does it seem like they are reading them , but contemplating them as well . The abundant computer effects are the worst I 've seen . I know a lot of reviewers say that about pretty much every low-budget creature feature that utilizes computer technology -LRB- even if it 's really not that bad -RRB- , but in this case the statement is 100 % true . The scorpions look like shiny black CG balloon animals . The movieGlass Trapmay come to one 's mind , but the CG ants in that are leaps and bounds ahead of the scorpions on display in this dreck . On top of that , the scorpions constantly let out a generic recycled roar that everyone has heard before countless times . Do n't even get me started on the digital sub and minisub.If the movie was n't bad enough , the DVD adds insult to injury . Many movies in this genre are made with home video in mind ; therefore , when they receive a full frame transfer it is either the way in which it was shot , or at least manages to keep enough visual information in the cropped transfer to ensure it is n't too annoying . That is not the case with this movie -LRB- unless it had the worst DP in film history -RRB- . Every shot looks cramped with visual information flowing way past the constraints of the image . There are reaction shots where only half of the person 's face is in the frame , or not at all . One scene in particular comes to mind . A character is telling a story and the camera pans over to show someone next him , but instead of actually seeing that person the audience is left staring at a blank wall . It is an atrocious transfer.Don ' t let the synopsis , semi-neat cover art , or low price cloud your judgement as it did mine . The movie and presentation are all-around terrible .
 I was n't expecting much when I rented this DVD at Blockbuster , and I was right not to.It takes place in Antarctica , but none of the actors look like it is cold outside . CGI is ridiculously cheesy -LRB- typical of a SyFy movie -RRB- , far too many closeups of the actors ' faces on the outside shots -LRB- clearly an attempt to conceal the fact they are on a movie set -RRB- and SPOILER ALERT ! the worst `` robot Hitler '' CGI you can imagine.Nothing that happened in this movie surprised me one bit , and it is clear to see why Dominique Swain 's and Jake Busey 's careers circled the drain at least a decade ago.The only reason why I gave this film TWO stars instead of ONE is because the premise of the film attracted me
 If you can imagine a script written by 6th grade boys for an adult audience then you 've seen this movie.Hitler and fellow Nazis build a massive caverned city with super advanced technology beneath Antarctic ice without being seen and despite all the implausibilities -LRB- impossible -80 degree freezing conditions , needing massive resources , not being seen while doing so -RRB- . Over a period of decades they exist and manage to capture Antarctica researchers to experiment upon . Their goal is to destroy all of the world with this space ship they constructed under the ice . All is foiled by a couple of captive researchers disarming all the Nazis and escaping to freedom . Really bad post edited CGI of a hole in the space ship dooming it to fall.Really bad effects - ice looks like styrofoam cutouts , toy models for the buildings and vehicles . Equally bad acting and dialogue . Has Jake Busey and a lot of actors experienced in video shorts & TV spots so that should prepare you . Actors could only manage a few words of dialogue at a time while simultaneously forgetting what facial expression was suppose to go with what they said . Cheap props like laser guns with post edited flashes and sounds effects like they were purchased at Toys R'Us .
 I watched as much as I could of this dreck , wondering why Jake Busey and Dominique Swain would waste their time working on such nonsense . Bad acting , poor effects , silly dialogue , and a totally improbable scenario here .
 `` Nazis at the Center of the Earth '' is just bad . Not bad in a `` good '' way . Not so bad that it is funny . It is just really , really bad . I actually did force myself to watch it all the way through , but could n't do it in one sitting -LRB- it took four -RRB- . I generally like Sci-Fi movies that other reviewers pan , but this is one case where I really wish my better judgement had won out.If you really must see every bad movie ever made , here is what you can expect : No plot spoilers from me
 I was warned by many that this is a one star movie at best . Silly me I had to see for may self . If there is someone you do not like then you can recommend this movie to them.Not that the premise is bad enough , that of Nazis surviving in the underworld but the film itself had cheep graphics and stilted dialog . The actors looked like porn star rejects . They did not even try to be campy . The gory parts were pathetic and anatomically incorrect.Do not let your fast forward button over heat.I am going to cut the review short before I barf .
 What to say about this movie ? Terrible , wooden , hack acting . Bad/uneven lighting . Terrible CGI special effects . Hitler 's over-acting head on a bad CGI robotic body . Nazi UFO . Hack job rip-off ofIron Sky.Frankly , the special features , for what they are , are actually more interesting than the movie itself . Not that they 're super-interesting . But thee are features on pre-production , cast & location and one on the main production . Each one is all of about 5 + minutes long.And there 's a commentary track.But those are about the only special features and hardly salvage this stink-burger . Overall , I 'll rate this one a ` pass . ' I might pick up Iron Sky at some point and see if it 's any better , what-so-ever . One can hope . But the general premise is hokey to begin with , so I 'm not holding out much hope on that one either . = o \
 I ca n't believe how awful this movie was and I love zombie movies . It was like watching a SyFy movie of the week . Waste of $ $ $ $ . Sucked .
 You 've heard of B rate spaghetti westerns and B rate scifi , Well I give this `` D '' . Gary 's son needs to get a really good part with some really good acting in it , or he is gon na be type cast forever . Like the first guy said , If your a fan of really bad Scifi , then this movie is for you . I should have rented it before I bought it . It would have been cheaper , and it would n't be in my collection . On a better note , The Asylum does put out some pretty good B rate stuff . Later Dudes .
 I am a big fan of Asylum 's super-cheesy dreadful movies . I and my friends love to get together with some beers and popcorn and laugh at the ridiculousness of movies like `` Abraham Lincoln vs. Zombies , '' so we were looking forward to this movie featuring zombie Nazis and mecha-Hitler . Sounds like a great time , right?WRONG . ALL OF THE WRONG . This is a disturbing movie with multiple scenes of sexual violation and explicit and graphic violence . I love the ridiculous , but this is n't even ridiculous . It 's just horrific and disgusting and made everyone at movie night feel complicit in the violence . Not even the appearance of mecha-Hitler at the end could save this movie . I am extremely sorry to have ever wasted $ 4 and 2 hours of my life on this , and would suggest that anyone looking for a cheesy good time stay far , far away from this . You ca n't laugh at this . You ca n't make fun of it . You just have to sit there while zombies rape women and Nazis peel people 's faces off . If you like that , then I guess this is your movie , but if you 're just looking for a fun time with friends , pick literally anything else .
 The Asylum has the reputation of putting out quickly produced rip-offs of major studio movies . Well they have gone across the Atlantic to `` borrow '' their next production . A Finish/German/Austrailian co-production called IRON SKY in which as a last ditch effort to save the 3rd Reich in the form of a base on the moon comes to fruition in 2018 when they return.The Asylum moved the new base to Antarctica and into the earth , added Josef Mengele , some flesh transplants and flesh eating bacteria bombs to this mess . I like some of the Asylum films because they are fun and SOMETIMES are pretty good . But after recently seeing IRON SKY this was painful to watch.The sets were pretty much non existant using warehouses for all the interiors -LRB- do n't think a cinder block wall would be found inside a UFO -RRB- . The only effects that worked were the air battles at the end and the `` machine '' Mengele is trying to get to work . This one is best LEFT at the center of the earth !
 To say this movie is the worst movie I have ever seen would be a compliment . It is simply too easy to just give a review like that , so I will explain why . The acting
 Wow , truly how many plot lines can you put into a single movie ? We start with the creation of the 4th Reich by escaping SS troops and scientists . Then we get zombie super troopers , forced abortion as a cure , a nazi spaceship , robo-hitler , etc. . . Do n't pay more than $ 5 for this movie , that includes shipping . It had a few funny moments , but not many . The special effects were n't too bad , at least it was n't a rocket on a string with a fire cracker in the tail . The actors were mostly supporting actors tossed into leading roles , or more like co-leading roles .
 With a title like this , how can a cult film fan turn it down ? After all , who else would this film be aimed at?Unfortunately , a cool title and wacky premise is all the movie really has going for it . I mean , it is just barely interesting enough to sit through -LRB- and that 's being generous , judging from the reviews here and other sites -RRB- . The wonderful folks at Asylum -LRB- a cult film company that makes Full Moon look like Paramount -RRB- must think cult film fans are real idiots and will greet anything cheap and offbeat with open arms . Sorry , but you need a bit more than a snappy title and crazy ideas to make a cult classic . It 's all in the execution.The plot -LRB- if you really care , and if the title had n't tipped you off -RRB- is about a bunch of scientists in Antarctica -LRB- nobody in this movie looks cold -RRB- who are captured by Dr. Josef Mengele and his Nazi goons , who have been living under the frozen surface for decades . How have they been living there for so long ? By swapping out body parts of course ! Fresh body parts are hard to come by in Antarctica , so Mengele has employed a traitorous scientist , Jake Busey , to lure scientific teams into the hands of the Nazis . This newest batch is wanted , not just for their parts , but their scientific expertise . You see , the Nazis are still hellbent on world domination , and they need to get their robot Hitler up and running before they can proceed with their `` Fourth Reich '' scenario . Hitler 's head has been preserved , and attached to what looks like the evil `` Cain '' robot from Robocop 2 . Will our scientist heroes free themselves from the clutches of the Nazis and stop their dastardly plan ? Of course they will ! Like they 'd make a movie where the Nazis actually succeeded in their plan and took over the world!Again , plotwise , it 's schlock heaven , but realitywise , it 's crap . One of my biggest gripes about this -LRB- and so many of it 's kind made these days -RRB- is that CG is relied on for damn near EVERYTHING ! I realize in this day and age , that this is the most economic way to get a film made , especially a cheap exploitation-type film ... But I really do n't care . It 's lazy and looks terrible , absolutely terrible . It looks so bad that it is a major distraction , and half the time you 're wondering if you 're watching a movie or a Playstation game . Of course , anymore the lines are becoming blurry between the two.But other than that -LRB- which is a big deal -RRB- there is n't much else engaging going on . There 's alot of crazy stuff you could do with the concept , but it 's all kinda halfassed here . The actor playing Mengele is decent , as is some of the mutant Nazi makeup -LRB- yes , the only thing that is n't CG ! -RRB- , and those things very well may be the only things that kept me -LRB- barely -RRB- holding on for almost 90 minutes.You 're much better off revisiting Ilsa-She Wolf Of The SS , an exploitation flick done right ... and on about a third of the budget of this film !
 Ok , anybody who know this studio , knows that they have been putting out lots and lots of bad movies in the last few years.Most of their movies ... end up as drink coasters as you surely dont want to endurethe viewing pain again.But in the last year or two ... they have managed to go from 0 -1 stars rating toa 2-3 star rating as once in a while they get lucky and have a decent flick.There are a lot of problems with this movie , and as per the extras , its a firsttime director also ... The story promise is good and we expect some good stuff . I really wanted it to workafter spending hard earned money for this.This is what i got : Music
 This film is painfully bad ; it has nothing that is n't a clishay , and badly done at that.Nazis excape to a warm forested underground world , have flying saucers and disintergration guns . Hitlers head is grafted onto a huge robot body , and he plans to infect the ` non arian ' countries with flesh eating bacteria.The head on a robot sceens are just campy enough to watch on youtube for schear weirdness , but the other 120 minutes of this flick are torture to watch . 5 NEGIVITIVE stars !
 This DVD is a compilation of short excerpts from Christmas themed Veggietales videos . Some of the `` songs '' are n't even complete songs , just a portion of another video that has singing . A lot of cutting and pasting different scenes together to make a `` complete '' song . Not sure how 30 seconds of a musical number can be called a song . Portions seem to simply cut off in mid sentence . There are no traditional Christmas songs so its only a `` sing-a-long '' if your kids are familiar with the previously released Veggietales Christmas videos . My daughter loves the traditional Veggietales videos but lost interest in this within minutes . The very end of the DVD has 3 traditional Christmas songs that simply play the music and scroll the words across the screen karaoke style with a still background . Disappointed in this product from Veggietales .
 I mistakenly purchased this due to the similarity with the cover and STALINGRAD - DO YOU WANT TO LIVE FOREVER . This turned out to be just a pointless documentary on STALINGRAD like so many that had gone before . My bad ...
 A solid documentary with interesting new footage and invaluable testimony from participants in the battle and related events is ruined by loud voice-overs by poor actors . Both the narration and the voice-overs of interviewees are mediocre at best . If you are averse to dubbing of fictional films , you will understand that overdubbing of non-fictional work is particularly onerous . Clearly a decision was made to create a version that would be accessible to those averse to reading subtitles . But in the age of DVD it is fairly absurd not to include the original version of the film .
 After reading the generally favorable reviews of this documentary , I was anxious to view this DVD . What a huge disappointment ! This documentary is almost completely devoid of any factual information . There is some nice footage from the 1942-43 time frame , but other than that this DVD is a waste of time . Large segments show modern video of the Volga or of the snow covered steppes with repeated dialogue about how Hitler was evil , how he abandoned 300K soldiers to their fate , etc. ad nauseum . Some of the other reviewers were bothered by the voice-overs , I thought they were fine . The main problem with this DVD is that you 'll learn almost nothing about the battle . If you 've read the Wikipedia page on Stalingrad , you already know orders of magnitude more than anything you 'll learn from this documentary . There are no maps , no discussion of the strategic or operational situation , no real attempt to place the fighting around Stalingrad into the larger picture . Most of the documentary is dialogue -LRB- with voice-overs -RRB- by participants on both sides . They all basically say the same things
 The film Educating Rita is a comedy but making viewers laugh is not its only purpose . This film also tackles many serious subjects , like for example , alcoholism , the struggle to better oneself , the relationship between teacher and student , social class distinctions and disillusionment with one 's life and work . Educating Rita is an adaptation of a stage play written by Willy Russell in 1980 and was directed in 1983 by Lewis Gilbert , who later directed the film Shirley Valentine . The two main characters in this film are played by Michael Caine -LRB- Dr. Frank Bryant -RRB- and Julie Walters -LRB- Rita -RRB- , who plays here the same character she had played before in a stage production of the play . The supporting actors include Michael Williams -LRB- Brian -RRB- , Maureen Lipman -LRB- Trish -RRB- , Jeananne Crowley -LRB- Julia -RRB- , Malcolm Douglas -LRB- Denny -RRB- , Godfrey Quigley -LRB- Rita 's father -RRB- and Dearbhla Molloy -LRB- Elaine -RRB- . Educating Rita is the story of a twenty-six year old working class woman -LRB- Rita -RRB- who , before having children , would like very much to learn about herself . In order to do that , she enrols in an Open University literature course . Assigned as her tutor is Bryant , an older literature professor who suffers from low self esteem and self-pity . You do not need to be very literate or educated to understand this film and grasp its meaning , because it is primarily character-oriented , in what it focuses on the lives and experiences of its two main characters . Therefore , and at first sight , some people might even find it a bit boring , as the basic plot , outlined above , presents nothing out of the ordinary . Some background knowledge of English literature would be helpful though , although not necessary to the understanding of the main storyline . Due to the fact that the character played by Julie Walters decides to study literature , the film contains many references , made by various characters , to English writers and poets such as William Blake . For instance , there is a scene in the film , where Bryant , angry at Rita 's attitude , shouts and asks her if she has changed her name to Charlotte , Emily , Anne or Virginia . This happens because Rita 's real name is Susan but she had decided to be known as Rita in honour of a writer she admired called Rita Mae Brown . In this scene Rita tells Bryant that she no longer calls herself Rita , and one understands better the new names Bryant suggests if one has some knowledge of literature . The names mentioned are not random names but the first names of very important English writers that Rita had come to know in the course of her studies , which are Charlotte , Emily and Anne Bront and Virginia Woolf.Educating Rita is set and filmed in Liverpool and much of the action takes place in Bryant 's office at the University . Although this film is not very visually interesting or has any notable special effects , because it does not show us any fantastic worlds or out of the ordinary settings , much attention was given to the differentiation between the characters and locations of Rita 's and the working class ' world and the ones of Bryant 's , fellow professors ' and `` normal/day '' students ' world . The places they move in , the way they speak -LRB- different accents -RRB- and the clothes they wear show us how different their cultural references , their views , their attitudes and lives are . For example , in one scene we see Bryant entertaining his friends at his house , where they are drinking wine and listening to classical music and Rita 's family and friends , on the other hand , are drinking beer and singing popular songs in a pub . Because it serves to characterize these different worlds and conditions in life the scenery used plays an important role in understanding the characters ' actions . The sets we see in Educating Rita achieve the aim of showing us the differences between the two main characters ' worlds and this is well exemplified in the choice of their houses and their location . While Rita 's initial house is a very simple one in a typical working class neighbourhood , Bryant 's house is large , well furnished , has a garden and is situated in a middle class neighbourhood.The filming is good and the flow of the story is not interrupted by technical flaws or bad photography . It is also important to talk about the music score . It works well with the film and a concern about choosing the right music for every moment is noticeable . For example , when we see Bryant for the first time , we hear calm music without a great variation of rhythm . On the other hand , when we see Rita also for the first time , loud and triumphant music emerges , making us pay attention to that character and think about the part she is going to play.In Educating Rita we get to know Rita , a hairdresser , who decides to enrol at an Open University , to study literature and get an education . The tutor assigned to her is Dr. Frank Bryant , a depressed and often drunk university professor . Her husband , Denny , does not agree with this change in her life , and wishes her to be a simple hairdresser and housewife as she had been until then , and to have children like all the other working class women . Although Denny opposes her decision , she does not give up studying , because she is , and in her own words , `` trying to sing a better song '' . Denny 's growing opposition makes her one day have to choose between her husband and her education at University . She chooses education and leaves Denny . Because of this she has to find another place to live in and moves to Trish 's house , an educated and emancipated woman , who also plays an important role in Rita 's education , with her ideas and sophistication . Many changes occur in Rita 's life , after starting to attend classes at university and being tutored by Bryant , who helps her to get an education . She develops from an unsophisticated and uneducated woman , who is embarrassed at talking with `` normal/day '' students and professors , to a well educated woman , who is no longer afraid of talking to other students and writes essays like them . Her clothing style and the way she speaks change and she leaves her job as a hairdresser to work as a waitress in a restaurant . Her tutor enjoys her navet&eacute; and spontaneity , as she is so different from his other students , whose pretence of sophistication has dulled their enthusiasm . As Rita becomes more educated through Bryant 's help , the educator also grows through his relationship with her . At one stage Bryant gets worried that the education he is giving her is going to change her entirely and that she will become like one of his other students , losing her spark for life and joy of learning . He likes her the way she is and is afraid of `` spoiling '' the beautiful person she is . He warns her about his fears but Rita does not give up on getting an education . Nothing stops her from doing her final exam , for which we see her prepare during the film . At the end of the film she is a changed woman , but is she a totally different Rita?The film 's script is quite good . It must have been a challenge to write the script for Educating Rita , as the original play it was based upon only featured the two main characters and the screenplay had to introduce in it -LRB- and at the right time -RRB- the characters that are only mentioned and do not actually play a part in the play . The screenplay tells us an interesting story , the dialogues are very witty and it makes us want to know what is going to happen next , how Rita is going to handle her `` education '' and how Bryant is going to react to Rita 's development . Because , as said before , the film focuses mainly on the characters of Rita and Bryant and they occupy most of the film 's action , they must perform well or the film will die . To my mind Caine and Walters play their parts very well and give us convincing performances . They also have great chemistry together . The other actors do a good job as well.I think that this film is in some ways similar to other films that cover the topic of a person wanting to better herself/himself and a tutor/teacher who helps her/him doing that . One of these films is My fair lady , a film based on Pygmalion , a play by George Bernard Shaw , where a Professor -LRB- Henry Higgins played by Rex Harrison -RRB- teaches Eliza Doolittle -LRB- played by Audrey Hepburn -RRB- , a poor florist , how to speak correctly and behave like an upper class lady . Educating Rita distinguishes itself from My fair lady and others of the genre not only because it is a more modern film , set in our times , but also because , among other things , Rita is the one who decides to get an education and she is never presented as a `` thing '' the tutor is going to mould at his will . What also distinguishes this film from others with a similar subject is its end . It is not the usual `` they live happily ever after '' , but it ends with a choice made by Rita . Bryant wants Rita to go with him to Australia . Will she go ? In my opinion the film and its plot add a different view of this topic to Cinema and make us think about the influence of education and the goals we set for ourselves in our life.The director 's main purpose in making this film must have been to make us think about our attitudes and how education opens new doors in our lives , how it allows us to have a choice
 but the seller -LRB- greenman19 -RRB- took my money and I never received the item . Thus , I 'm sure the movie is great , but I 've still not seen it .
 can any body please tell me who made the music for the soundtrack?i want to know please tell me.thanx
 Rating ** Michel Cane Frank I believe that he was a pathetic actor and he really looked like he was just doing it for money . They should have probably chosen a better person to play it . I give Michel a 3 for his acting . Julie Walters Rita I believe that she played a good role in her person and she fitted it really well . Julie I give here a 10 for her acting . Well because Frank Michel was suck a bad actor I believe that there is no two incidents that I want to discuss but instead of Frank going to Australia by him self he should of gone to Australia with Rita . So the ending really sucked . I gave the movie a 2 out of 5 because I did not really get into the movie .
 The movie ` Educating Rita ' is a film about a drunken professor , Frank , played by Michael Caine , who begins to tutor Rita , played by Julie Walters , who is a hairdresser from the lower class of society . Michael Caine was n't acting very well , he always seemed tired and bored . Rita had a very annoying voice , so I could n't sleep during the movie -LRB- good one ! -RRB- . Julie Walters did n't suit the role , she just did n't seem to enjoy it , as well as not being very good at it . I did n't like the ending , where Frank went to Australia . The best part was where Rita was arguing with Denny , who then went and burnt her books . I give it a 1/5 because I could n't sleep during the movie
 The DVD did not play on my American DVD player . It would really nice if this compant pointed out that this DVD is British and not calibrated for US DVD machines.It was a DVD for an assignment that set me back with little time to find a copy to complete my assignment . I will not order from this compant again .
 This has the makings of a decent crime thriller , but it gets overdone in the storyline . Cash shows he 's an actor in this as the sociopathic Johnny Talon . I also feel Vic -LRB- Mel Sharples -RRB- Tayback did a great performance in this as Fred his partner . This is an odd couple indeed , but there 's nothing to laugh at here . Fred hires Johnny to hold up a bank , and the catch is they take the vice president 's wife which Johnny does , and Fred does the hold-up . There 's one catch though , and that 's the vice-president does n't care as he 's about ready to run off with his mistress . Cash not only does a impressive acting job , but he actually shows off his guitar abilities here , and he 's actually good . Unfortunately , this had some moments that were overdone like where the woman Priscilla keeps calling the vice-president 's house to speak to his wife , and then there was little Ronnie Howard as thier little boy who makes it home just in time bringing the police with him . I found the ending too predictable not like in `` Jeopardy '' where Barbara Stanwyck convinces an bank robber to help her husband as he 's caught under a fishing pier , and when he frees her husband she lets him escape . I feel the soundtrack was good , Cash was good , and so was Tayback , but the storyline was overdone by about 15 minutes . Wait till Walmart sells this for a buck .
 Not really sure how the whole region thing works , or which region I live in . It 's obviously not region 2 , because this disc , although in great condition , refuses to play in any dvd player around . Will be returning it if possible . Shipping time was excellent though , it arrived two weeks ahead of the expected arrival date .
 I bought this movie new , but it will not play on my DvD player . I have tried several other players/machine to play this in & it will not work in any of them . I am very disappointed with this product . When I was looking at it on Amazon , it did n't say it was not compatable with any system .
 I ca n't believe Amazon actually shipped this product to someone living of MAssachusetts seeing it was for Region 2 which I had no idea what that was . We found out when we tried to play it and it would n't play . It cost $ 12 + and by the time all the charges were taken off we only got a $ 3 + credit when we returned it .
 When I ordered this product I was very new to ordering DVD 's . I ordered this product as a present , when the receiving party got it home , it would n't play . Come to find out it was because it was formatted for the UK . I am in the U.S. I had not idea about regions . It should be much clearer as to where the DVD 's are formatted . Plus , when I sent it back they gave me back money for the movie , but none on shipping , after I had already sent it , they emailed me to tell me it had to be sent off a different way also . Very unsatisfied !
 The DVD was used and revealed and was broken and would not play which was very displeasing . They did rerun the item but never shipped me a working DVD
 I can run the DVD on a laptop computer , but it will not run on a 2011 DVD player or a 2009 DVD player .
 Have this movie ever been made in region 4 format also . I believe that I would be great to be seen again .
 When i received the movie , it wouldnt play in any of the dvd players that we have in the house , , i think the movie was a fake !!!!
 I ordered this video for my granddaughter , all of the movies i have ordered from Amazon I never knew that you could not view them if they were from region 2 . I guess I have been just lucky when odering videos . I never knew about this region 2 . I was so upset that I did n't even want to return the video . You people should only sell videos that are able to be watched on all dvd players it was a waste of my time and money . I am not sure if I will buy videos from amazon again or not and I was a very faithful customer .
 This is one of my favorite movies ever ; there 's not a moment that I do n't believe that toons and humans are interacting ... but this version is a censored version of the film . They cut parts without the consent of the director , and for this reason , I beg you not to buy this version . Wait until they correct the bowdlerization of this masterpiece
 I have loved this film ever since it was first made , but this DVD really does not do it justice.Despite being called a ` special edition ' , it contains not a single extra feature . The widescreen format is not anamorphic , which means that the MPEG aspect ratio is 4:3 and the picture resolution of the viewable area is lower than it should be . The quality of the film print used is poor and contains scratches and white speckling . The film has also had some bits edited out , so I suppose you could say it contains a negative number of special features
 I have not seen this film on DVD , as nearly every review I have read has advised otherwise , but I can say that to release a featureless disc of one of the most technically significant films of all time is nothing short of travesty . I 'm ignoring the fact that Disney actually removed footage from this film , and we 're not talking about the infamous laserdisc edition . Is it possible for Criterion to get their hands on this ? They did do the super edition of `` Armageddon '' , now let 's see them work on a film that actually deserves it . I do n't care if it costs $ 60 , issue a two-disc set with commentaries -LRB- by Zemeckis and Richard Williams , the great animation director who was completely screwed over on his labor of love , `` The Thief and the Cobbler -RRB- , an extensive documentary , every piece of promotional material , an anamorphic transfer , a guide to all the cartoon characters who appear , and , while we 're at it , how about those three `` Maroon Cartoons '' -LRB- Tummy Trouble , Rollercoaster Rabbit , and Trail Mix-up -RRB- that were until recently available on video and laserdisc before the Mouse house decided to pull them off the market . All right , I 've ranted long enough . The point is , put out an edition of this film that truly does justice to the film itself and people will spend the necessary currency to obtain it . May the dream of an ultimate `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' DVD one day become a reality !
 As other reviewers have noted , this is a ground-breaking , hilarious , one-of-a-kind movie . It deserves to be in everyone 's DVD collection , even if your collection consists of but two DVDs . It deserves five , even six , stars , but ... I urge you to wait for another DVD version , for two reasons
 Caveat emptor -- this DVD release contains a censored version of the movie , different from the previous Laserdisc and VHS releases . It was apparently altered without the director 's approval .
 This is one of the more disappointing DVDs I 've purchased . Contrary to what Greg Lovern believes -LRB- below -RRB- , the censorship is indeed a big deal -- even if we 're only talking about a few frames of film . It 's the principle of the thing . This kind of censorship is akin to blacking out words in a literary classic . You would n't stand for that , right ? Well , we should n't stand for it in film . Frankly , I 'm somewhat alarmed by some studios ' efforts to alter their films in later incarnations . For example , George Lucas not only `` enhanced '' his famous `` Star Wars '' film with new digital footage ; he also removed extra-violent frames of stormtrooper deaths . A few frames here and there do n't matter , right ? Wrong . Art does n't work that way . And I believe this influential film qualifies as art.On top of the censorship -LRB- which alone should convince you to avoid this disc -RRB- , Disney has released `` Roger Rabbit '' with absolutely no supplemental features -- including the great theatrical trailer promised on the cover . Imagine the special edition DVD this could have been ! Zemeckis and Hoskins commentary , behind-the-scenes footage , deleted scenes , featurettes , pre-production animation footage -- oh , and the promised trailer.You 're better off finding a beat-up VHS copy at a used-tape sale . At least that copy wo n't have censored scenes .
 There could have been so many extras here , and we get nothing . When the movie aired on network television , it put in entire sequences that made the cutting room floor , including the weasels painting a pig head on Eddie . Not only do they not give us the cut scenes , but I would have also liked to see some `` making of '' features or maybe some commentary . Anything ! This movie deserves better .
 Let me just get this straight
 What the heck is wrong with Disney ?!?!? The ONLY version worth buying is the Original VHS release ... TRUST ME . Back a couple years when the first DVD release was made , it was quickly discovered to be CUT and ALTERED for younger audiences . First , in the scene early in the film where Baby Herman throws a fit on the movie set . In the original version , he walks under a woman 's legs and sticks his arm up her dress and says `` Excuse me Toots ! '' . On that DVD , Baby Herman 's arm was re-drawn so it just stays by his side ! Another scene is when Valiant first meets Jessica Rabbit . When he first enters the Toon Strip Club , we can see that Betty Boob is onstage with her shirt off and she 's shaking her b % % b $ -LRB- do n't get excited , her back is to the camera -RRB- . This scene is completely CUT from the DVD . Later in the film when Jessica Rabbit and Valiant are riding on the car in Toontown ... the car screeches out of control and crashes , throwing Valiant and Jessica onto the streets . For a second or two in the original version , it was VERY obvious that Jessica had NO underwear on and the dress was very wide-legged . In that first DVD , they added white underwear . NOW WE HAVE THIS VISTA SERIES DVD !! The version that they tote on TV as the `` Definitive version '' ... AHH , yeah right . They HAVE gone back and fixed Baby Herman 's arm . Now his arm reaches back up the dress . THANK YOU . But the scene of Betty Boob is still cut !! Not only that , but the scene with Jessica being thrown from the car has been RE-DRAWN !! Now her dress has been extended so that it is now pulled down revealing nothing !! These scenes may sound like `` No big deal '' to the average viewer , but what of us who love WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT ? What of us who want the film we remember seeing ?? Altering this film is just as offensive as what Lucas has done to STAR WARS !! Take my advice and STEER THOUSANDS OF MILES AWAY from this trite . If we all demand that we want ROGER RABBIT the way it WAS , and refuse to buy this new `` Kid-Friendly '' version ... maybe Disney will take notice . Maybe ...
 I can not believe this ! I am outraged ! DARN BUENA VISTA ! They have given us the most shabbiest image that I have ever seen of WFRR . I did not see the original DVD which I 'm sure was probably better , but on the new Vista DVD , the picture is destroyed . In certain areas the image is dark , muddy and hard to see through . In others , characters ' colors darken and lighten . I am outraged ! I hope that BV can fix this , because Roger Rabbit is one of my favorite movies and to see it destroyed like this outrages me . If you do n't mind the shoddy image -LRB- it will not be noticed by people with smaller tvs but to those with a 27 '' or higher definition TVs will notice -RRB- get this DVD because the extras are fun to view and the DTS sound quality is amazing , its loud but at some points you can tell that the sound has somewhat deteriorated over the last 15 years . But it 's still an okay release but I am going to be keeping the VHS tape that i 've viewed many times since I was a little kid , until the image can be restored -LRB- I 'm sure the original laserdisc probably had a better image -RRB- . Oh well , but I 'm still going to buy this just to have it on DVD ! Sad , really , sad !
 This format does not work on ps3 or Xbox 360 so I was unable to view it . I tried to ask for a refund with no response . It is the European format . They need to state it better when it is like that .
 The DVD came rattling in the box . When I tried to get the DVD to play my DVD player it said , &#34; wrong region . &#34; I 'm not sure what this meant ??? . All my other DVDs work just fine .
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE but the disk is n't even recognized by any system i put it in . This DVD will not play .
 This so-called `` anniversary edition '' has two discs -LRB- unnecessary , really -RRB- -- one for widescreen presentation , and one for full-screen . The first disc , the full-screen , is supposed to have `` family friendly '' features but they are not present . There are five , mysteriously-worded options on the menu , for which `` Movie Theatre '' leads into playing the movie , one is for options -LRB- language , subtitles , etc. -RRB- and the other three -LRB- which includes `` Cartoon Studio '' -RRB- are inaccessible . The first disc is supposed to contain the three cartoon shorts that came with the movie -LRB- `` Tummy Trouble , '' etc. -RRB- but they are not available . Instead , `` Cartoon Studio '' just merely and lamely directs one to insert disk 2 , and of course , they are not on that disc . I supposed I COULD stick the disc in my computer to see if I can find the missing cartoons , but I 'm so annoyed now that I would rather just get rid of the entire package.But more than that , I keep wondering , why is this movie so popular ? It was great the way they combined live action with animation , but other than that gimmick , this movie has absolutely nothing going for it . The `` humor '' consists of either gags that were old when I was young -LRB- and that 's old -RRB- or new gags that just are n't funny . Moreover , the character of Roger Rabbit is thoroughly unlikeable ; one actually keeps hoping that he gets `` gacked '' so that he wo n't be heard anymore . And `` Jessica Rabbit '' is not an anthropomophized rabbit at all , but a caricature of Rita Hayworth that 's so exaggerated that she 's rather annoying too.Moreover , this is NOT a `` family picture '' or even a movie for kids -- one of the scenes at the beginning , where the villain -LRB- Christopher Lloyd -RRB- slowly murders a living toon , who was begging and pleading for mercy , by dipping him into dissolving acid , was disturbing even for an adult.The animation , I admit , is beautiful , but even there , I founed the colors to look very pastel and washed-out ; not at all as bright and vibrant as they could have been . Considering how much this movie was built up before I saw it , this is a major , unfunny disappointment . I ended up leaving this package downstairs in the laundry room for whoever wanted it , but I 'm thinking , on second thought , I should have just broken the discs and thrown them out . As a homage to old cartoons , it 's a minor bit of fun . As a story , it 's a total wash-out , just like the colors in its cartoon parts .
 Why on God 's green earth is this DVD `` offered '' for $ 50 ? It 's crazy . Please consider not buying this to send a message about gouging .
 Why did you send a dvd that you are very sure it does not work here in The United States ? Does it make any sense for you ? Why do n't ask us to be sure before send it to another Country ? If you know that it wo n't work on that Country ?
 I was very disappointed when my DVD arrived and I was unable to view it because I live in the wrong region . Much to my surprise DVD 's are specific to certain regions and our DVD players will not allow them to play . I purchased it from Amazon and it said it was coming from North Carolina so why would I suspect that I would not be able to watch it . In fact , until this incident I was totally unaware of such a thing and I feel that consumers should be informed about this . So you are warned ! I will however mention that the company Amazon arranged my purchase through refunded my money but my time was wasted .
 I am sorry , but this film was as creative as a pile of toothpaste on a sidewalk on a hot summer day in Phoenix . The active was sub par and the animation was done by interns.The highlight of the film as the bus that was heading for Sunset BLVD.Please , for the love of God , do n't let your kids watch this film .
 It does n't play in normal DVD players . So idk where I could watch it . I was looking forward to watching it .
 This DVD is a very weak release of a terrific movie . There are no bonus features -- including scenes once broadcast on network television -- and Disney went back and changed some of the animation to sanitize it . Here 's a big thumbs down and I hope they re-release it with the original animation and with enough features to make the DVD worth the price .
 I loved this movie that 's why I ordered it . But it wo n't play in our player , it says something about a code .
 This movie introduced and was focused on a new animated character Roger Rabbit . However , the selling point of this movie was the inclusion of tons of characters from previously competing cartoon franchises.The movie was much more a display of the Disney Company flexing its muscles in regards to it 's business-level victory over its competition and to show its current financial dominance over the various animation companies from animation 's Golden Age.So we have Daffy Duck in piano playing competition on the same screen with Donald Duck ! What makes this extremely annoying is taking characters such as Daffy with such an established rich history of character development . Here in Roger Rabbit , Daffy is just a `` daffy duck '' playing a piano . My expectations were to see DAFFY DUCK playing a piano along with all that that implies . WFRR 's daffy duck was similar to the early black and white Daffy Duck during the Leon Schlesinger time of Looney Tunes . I certainly enjoy the Looney Tunes of Schlesinger 's era but it certainly does not represent the rich character that Daffy developed into . And even then Daffy still had more personality then just being ` daffy ' as presented here.We also have my all-time favorite cartoon character Droopy being poorly drawn not at all faithful to Tex Avery 's character just appearing for a second in a stupid cameo to give a line that was presented in a way also unfaithful to Droopy 's established personality.We have a slew of these cameos from Betty Boop , Woody Woodpecker , Mighty Mouse , etc. . None of which showed any respect to these characters but were obviously Disney showing its financial might in having the rights to use these characters.Not that WFRR did n't do the same with Disney characters . Not being a big fan of Disney animation , I did n't mind as much.I guess I can consider the possibility that WFRR did not mean to purposefully sell the borrowed characters short . It shows a difference in the focus of the different cartoon franchises . Disney animation focuses much more on story and technical artistry of the features.In contrast to Disney was Warner Brothers and MGM . While the artistry was superior to Disney it was in a less intricate and focused on style instead of technically grand design of Disney . However , the most dividing difference in Disney and WB/MGM animation was Disney showed little interest in establishing characters . WB/MGM were almost entirely focused on making characters.In other words , Disney character 's personalities were designed to serve the story . WB/MGM 's stories were designed to serve the characters.That is where WFRR offends , we have all these great characters just appearing randomly at best but usually contrary to character.This movie really should have had only the Roger Rabbit story in it . It really was n't that bad . In fact , it was good . The animation was fine . The story was funny and enhanced by the gags -LRB- only the ones by WFRR original characters -RRB- . As for Roger Rabbit himself , he 's made for this movie which is fine . But he 's not a character that is interesting in himself outside of his place in this movie . Nothing wrong with that . It would have been an enjoyable movie if left at that.The poor treatment of classic characters really caused me to dislike this film .
 DVD was purchased as a gift for christmas , . once the recipent opened it to play it he realized the DVD wouldnt work . I was very un happy with the fact that it did not work
 The 1 star is for the DVD not the film . Roger Rabbit is EXCELLENT , but the DVD is very poor . The menu is borning and rushed , the conversion from video to DVD is not amazing and you can see a lot of grains of dust on the film which cause the blobs you associate with old movies ... The sound is excellent and colour too . No extras , no trailer , no good as a DVD . I would wait for Disney to make a ` Collector 's Edition ' which to you and I is what we expect of an normal DVD . 5/5 for the film , 1/5 for the DVD !
 Whoever directed this must never have watched any NASA production or any shuttle launches . The personalities chosen to represent the astronauts would have been better suited representing shoe salespeople -LRB- sorry shoe salespeople - it 's a good job , just not astronaut ready -RRB- . The dialogue was unbelievable ; the storyline seemed more made up for daytime TV drama ; the spacecraft and Mars sets were way to cheap for today 's standards.The every-so-often instructional monologue was fit for grade school and seemed forced and out-of-place . The storyline did n't even seen to have a point to it.Conclusion
 The Good Things * Some very slick special effects . * Some fun actions scenes -LRB- the police car chase was cool -RRB- . * Some funny moments too -LRB- although much of it is quite corny . I still think the elevator scene was great , though -RRB- . * Pretty good production design . Lots of scummy futuristic settings , props , and costumes -LRB- although nothing really resembles the original computer game -RRB- . * The story idea is not bad -LRB- especially since the computer game was so surreal to begin with -RRB- . They did a good job incorporating modern ideas about alternate universes , explaining what may have happened to dinosaurs , and describing the evolution of life . Well , much of this is BS , but it 's good enough . * Good soundtrack -LRB- I still like the `` Walk the Dinosaur '' song -RRB- . The Bad Things * The production design resembles something out of `` Blade Runner , '' so it lacks the bright and fantastic settings and atmosphere of the original computer games . I think it would have worked better as a `` Narnia '' sort of thing instead of this far-out sci-fi . All around , it resembles surprisingly little of the original game , except for all of the names . * Also missing out on a whole bunch of the creatures from the original games -LRB- I guess they did n't have the time or money -RRB- . * Wow , the opening is pretty dumb . * Some parts are just plain weird . Mario and Bowser appear in the middle of a huge crowd and throw some magic around , and nobody seems concerned . They even laugh when the mobster is turned into a monkey . This is kind of funny , but seriously , nobody cares that the world is coming to an end ?! The Questionable Things * Extremely corny and goofy . Great for kids or people who do n't like seriousness . Bad for most others . * Acting can be seen as terrible or acceptable . * Seriously , is this guy really named `` Mario Mario ? `` As a movie , it stinks royally . But we got to consider that the original computer game was extremely strange and silly to begin with -LRB- what with a pair of plummers jumping on things , eating mushrooms to grow bigger , and eating flowers to spit fireballs ; were they on drugs when they made these games ?! -RRB- , and translating it into a movie was bound to be disasterous . In that respect , the movie does okay . If you ignore the impossibilities and accept the goofiness , this is actually pretty fun and possibly nostalgic . Otherwise , it stinks royally.The DVD has okay video and sound quality . It 's in widescreen , but is not anamorphic . Disc has no special features other than a trailer.If this review has not been helpful , feel free to leave a comment , telling me how I can improve .
 I do n't really know what to think about this movie . I admit , it was very entertaining and wacky and sometimes even witty , but I 'm scratching my head in wondering why the filmmakers did n't make this film a tiny bit closer to the videogame.The actors who portrayed Mario and Luigi -LRB- whose mustache is absent from this film -RRB- were , for the most part , good . The special effects were convincing , and the cheesy humor worked actually very well.But I 'm confused . King Koopa is a human -LRB- ! -RRB- . This is probably an excuse to include Dennis Hopper , who appeared in almost one hundred movies in the 1990s -LRB- and I 'm not kidding -RRB- . The minions had weird shrunken lizard heads . Princess Peach , the classic damsel-in-distress , is replaced with Daisy . Almost everything in the film is the opposite of the videogame . The only real thing that actually resembles a character from the original game was the Bomb-Omb -LRB- or whatever it was called -- I 'm blanking out on the name ... -RRB- . Anyhoo , `` Super Mario Brothers '' was just okay . It was entertaining and fun , but too much that we know and love from the video-game is missing , and that kind of distracts you from the experience . Hopefully , in years to come , a REAL `` Super Mario Brothers '' movie will be released -- one that captures the spirit and the imagination of the videogame that inspires it.I 'm also wondering why there were absolutely no bonus features on this DVD . Maybe some behind-the-scenes footage or deleted scenes , but no . Perhaps a future two-disc anniversary edition will remedy this -LRB- though it 's doubtful -RRB- .
 My father took me to see this movie when it came out in 1993 . I was terribly excited ; I loved Mario and Luigi , and , while the movie confused me , I actually enjoyed it.So when I was cruising around Amazon.com one day , I saw the movie for only 10 bucks ! So I ordered it.I figure the only reason that I liked this movie when I was 10 is for the same reason that kids dare each other to eat worms.All I can say is ... wow . In the space of 90 horrible minutes , my inner child died . Yoshi looks like a disgusting booger . Luigi has no mustache . No Princess Toadstool . And Koopa 's some evil businessman with stupid hair.After the movie , I sat down and cried . I cried harder than when Optimus Prime died . I cried harder than I did when I found out that Cobra Commander was an alien . I cried for all the children of the world and their shattered dreams , for Mario , our hero , had come in the form of Bob Hoskins -- and he had destroyed our hopes , our aspirations.In other words , save the ten dollars . Go buy a Ninja Turtle if you 're really desperate to re-discover your inner child .
 Just stick with the video games , whether they are old or new . This film fails on many levels
 First , let me say that this review is in no way a criticism of the numerous video games of the same title . I 'm down with controlling little pixelated guys and making them jump on/punch/shoot fireballs at little pixelated monsters.But this movie proves that movies based on video games are even worse than movies based on comic books.Super Mario Bros. tells the story of Mario and Luigi , two plumbers who travel to another dimension to rescue a princess from a bunch of evil guys who are descended from dinosaurs . You can tell they are descended from dinosaurs and not apes because , although they look exactly the same as humans , they all have very stupid hair . Does the movie expect us to believe someone is an evil reptile just because they have stupid hair ? For example , I doubt that Carrot top is descended from dinosaurs . The cast of Dragon Ball Z is another example of people who are n't descended from dinosaurs . I mean , if you believe this movie , every single person who was ever in a music video in the 80s is an evil descendant of dinosaurs with a plot to take over the world . I ca n't respect a movie that has so little respect for me that it lies to me in such a blatant fashion.After arriving in the stupid-hair universe , Mario and Luigi are immediately arrested by some evil-cops with puffy sleeves and `` police '' written on their backs in sequins . Being arrested by the village people lowers their self esteem , but then they realize that at least their hair is n't several feet tall , and they feel better.I 'm really angry at this movie . Maybe it 's because at one point , King Koopa sticks out his tongue to show it is several feet long , proving that he is not only an evil dinosaur but either Gene Simmons or the annoying big-forheaded goth that John Travolta hired in Battlefield Earth for her `` special talents . '' I could go on for a very long time . And in fact I will . Maybe it 's because the movie was aimed at seven year olds , but shows people 's heads being stretched out of proportion and growing huge spikes , teeth , and scales in a way that is kind of disturbing to me , even though I can eat pizza while watching movies like Toxic Avenger and Return of the Living Dead . Maybe it 's the fact that a machine designed to change people at the genetic level also changes their clothes . Maybe it 's the fact that my friend Kevin told me that the theme song in the end credits made the movie tolerable , but the theme song did not really exist -LRB- although it could have been because in a fit of annoyance I smashed the TV screen with a sledgehammer before the credits sequence finished completely -RRB- . To summarize my review , it was a fairly unwatchable movie . It was visually kind of cool , and had a few funny moments , but the good was far outweighed by the fact that the movie expects us to know that dinosaurs hate plumbers.Didn ' t you know that dinosaurs hate plumbers ?
 OK , I 'm not going to get into this movie 's lack of similarities to the video games ; this movie just plain sucks . I ca n't see why anybody over the age of twelve can enjoy this piece of you know what . Come on , this movie has horrible acting , a dreadfully bad story and `` hilariously '' unfunny jokes . I think you people who gave this movie five stars really need professional help , 'cause one star is far too generous . I 'm not saying all the media incarnations of mario sucked ; the cartoons were actually pretty good . But this movie , in my opinion is what caused that chain of cartoons to end .
 This movie was screwed up all kind of ways.It wasn t even like the video game or even the cartoon.For example , King Kopa didn t look like how he supposed to be and the storyline seem like it was written by a 4 year old.I wonder if the director was on drugs while he was making this so called movie.To all the people that didnt see this movie , you don t need to because you will regret it.Its so bad that it will be perfect to be shown on MST3K .
 I 've always loved the Mario games ever since I was little , but I REALLY loved the `` Super Mario Bros. . Super Show '' when it came on TV . I cried when that show went off the air ! No more King Koopa there ... But then ... there 's the movie ... the actual ` live-action ' movie of the Super Mario Bros. . Oh boy ... it SUCKS ! I mean , sure we should give the people credit for doing the movie , but ... 1 . Why the hell is King Koopa a HUMAN ?! He 's supposed to be a reptile ! And what 's up with the hair anyways ? 2 . Where 's Princess Toadstool -LRB- Peach -RRB- ? Who is this Daisy ? I guess she makes a good princess , but definetely not a Toadstool for sure .3 . That dinosaur portraying Yoshi ... is CREEPY ! At least in the cartoons and games he was this cute , little dinosaur thing that could only speak gibberish and such , but now ... he 's FREAKY ! 4 . Mario is okay here , but Luigi -- no . First of all , where 's the mustache ? And the Luigi I 've always known , is to be afraid of everything and not jump ahead into danger . This Luigi is the bravest Mario ever ! That ai n't right!Overall ... if you 're a true Mario fan of the cartoons and games , then you will probably -LRB- or most likely -RRB- be disappointed in the movie . I am , but every opinion is different from yours . I 'm just trying to help those who want to know the bad things about this movie ... so disappointing for me ... I hope -LRB- in the future -RRB- that they do a BETTER remake of the Super Mario , and acutally have King Koopa be a LIZARD , and have the REAL Princess Toadstool in there . That would be nice . -- oh , and by the way , I 'm a girl - yes a girl who 's a huge Mario fan . Just to let everyone know .
 This is definately worthy of the MST3K treatment . It 's really lame ! Super Mario Bros. is about as playful and challenging as an unplugged pinball machine . While it is n't as bad as it is said to be , it is an early example of why videogames do n't make good movies . Oh well , it 's definately worthy of an MST3K treatment .
 This movie was a big disappointment to me !! It was so unlike any of the Super Mario Bros. video games . I 've played Super mario Bros. 1-3 , and a few others , and this movie was pretty much nothing at all like the fantasy-based video games!Instead of the goomas being those little guys with big heads you can stomp on , they 're instead enormous with tiny heads . Instead of those bomb-o-bombs being full-sized , they 're these tene-tiny walking things . Instead of more video game-like things such as big mushrooms , fire flowers , and those funny-looking koopas , there was a city of mutants that was well-populated and a desert everywhere else in their world . Instead of Yoshi being that cute , green dinosaur with the long tongue , he 's an ugly little dinosaur with weird-looking scales all over.If the producers of this movie WERE trying to make it resemble the game , well , then they sure as hell failed miserably.Even Super Mario Bros. 3 is more entertaining to play than watching this Super Mario Bros. ` Movie ' . Good day , Steve
 The `` Super Mario Bros. '' movie is a disgrace to everything related to Nintendo or moviemaking , and I highly recommend -- in fact , I insist -- that if you ever see it , just scream and run!If only I could stop right there ! Somehow , I have this urge as a devoted ... customer to take some of my precious time to list as many reasons why this movie is so awful as I can think of in the present time . Well , here goes.If you 're reading this review , you 're probably familiar with the original game from 1985 . Therefore , you should know that the Mushroom Kingdom is NOT a bustling city filled with cops that catch Mario and Luigi , and King Koopa is NOT a deevolved human with a lizard tongue , and the Goombas are NOT humans with shrunken heads , and Princess Toadstool 's name is NOT Daisy , and a woman named Big Bertha does NOT appear in any Mario game whatsoever , and the Mario Bros. did NOT get to the Mushroom Kingdom by travelling to another dimension -LRB- they got there through a pipe , remember ? -RRB- , and King Koopa did NOT make a machine that deevolved humans . All these atrocities can be found in the movie . You 'd think the makers of this movie would have played the game before!But wait , there 's more ! In addition to not being anything like the game -LRB- except by borrowing some names -RRB- , this movie is just bad as a movie in general . The script is absolutely horrendous -- for example , upon seeing that a building is covered with fungus , Mario says , `` Oh look , this building has Athlete 's Foot ! '' What a knee-slapper . And the acting is so bad that you ca n't tell the difference between when the actors are trying to be `` scared '' and when they 're trying to be `` excited '' ! Honestly , I ca n't find any reason to buy this movie , rent this movie , watch this movie , or even make eye contact with it for a single millisecond . Here I say it again
 This movie is UNACCURATE ! Stupid ! Foolish ! Laughable ! Not like the games ! How ? Here 's a list of what was bad about this so-called `` movie '' : * The Goombas are tiny brown mushroom-like enemies not dinosaurs ! * King Koopa is human ! * The Mario Bros. do not live in Brooklyn in the games !! * Bowser -LRB- King Koopa -RRB- has a wife * In the games there IS no Dinosaurcity ! It 's the Mushroom Kingdom * Toad is not in this movie -LRB- dumb -RRB- * Yoshi was more cartoony and can talk in the games * More than HALF of the enemy characters are missing in this movieAND MANY MORE!But do n't panic you 'll get a good chuckle from the EXTREME bad acting ! Seriously even Nintendo hated this movie!Overall
 As a longtime Nintendo junkie I have to admit that the SUPER MARIO BROS. video game series is a legendary franchise . It was this platformer involving two plumbers rescuing a princess from an army of monstrous turtles -LRB- the Koopa Troopas -RRB- that single-handedly saved the video game market in 1985 . The game proved popular enough to spawn multiple sequels and even a cartoon TV series -LRB- which , admittingly , is pretty dated and formulaic , but it did do a respectable job recreating the feel of the series -RRB- . Given the successful reputation of SUPER MARIO BROS. as a game series , it does n't seem surprising that a theatrical feature would be attempted . That film version premiered in the summer of 1993 , and I was among those who were eager to see it.Unfortunately , the movie turned out to be a major box office disaster and was trashed in almost every newspaper . As a matter of fact , it started the whole `` videogames do n't make good movies '' craze . I hope that this argument can be proved wrong , but SUPER MARIO BROS. probably will not be a likely candidate to challenge this accusation.This movie gets so many things wrong it 's almost a miracle that I can write anything nice about it . With the exception of the characters ' names and a few throwaway references , SUPER MARIO BROS. , the movie has absolutely nothing in common with the video game series it 's based on . The production completely eschews the lighthearted , colorful atmosphere of the Mushroom Kingdom and instead slaps on a dark , fungus-covered metropolis inhabited by dinosaurs evolved -LRB- yes , I said EVOLVED -RRB- into human beings . -LRB- One figures the scriptwriters mixed up SUPER MARIO WORLD -- the only game in the series to set in a dinosaur-populated environment -- as the ideal atmosphere for the MARIO franchise in general . -RRB- Instead of power-up mushrooms , fireflowers , and goombas , we get a human cast of villains acting -LRB- and looking -RRB- bizarre -LRB- even the chief villain , King Koopa is disturbingly portrayed as a human -RRB- , raptors , exploding flameguns , and some totally ridiculous concept called `` de-evolution . '' The nasty goombas are transformed from puny mushroom baddies into hulking lizards , and Yoshi , the beloved dinosaur sidekick of Mario , becomes a cuddly but woefully fake-looking baby T-Rex -LRB- and get this -- he 's Koopa 's pet ! -RRB- . The whole atmosphere of this `` Dinohatten '' is too weird , chaotic , and cold to be engaging.This may sound bad enough , but the movie 's biggest mistake is its failure to provide anything in the way of a coherent -LRB- or compelling -RRB- narrative . The plot is a jumbled mishmash about meteorites , alternate universes , and fungus that spends too much time indulging in its own stupidity rather than offering some intelligence . The movie 's action sequences should provide spark and energy , but here they come across as strangely pointless and uninvolving . Despite the clamor occurring in the scenes , the viewer feels a strange sense of detachment to the whole thing . This makes the movie as a whole a major chore to sit through , as if there are n't any duller moments to bore viewers to death -LRB- such as a slow , inactive sequence where Mario and Luigi escape from a goomba-infested elevator -RRB- . Matters are not helped by the ridiculously cheesy special effects , which are so fake that they come across as laughable.Even the aural aspects of the movie are displeasing ; the soundtrack starts out promisingly with an electronic-sounding ditty of the classic MARIO BROS. theme , but aside from that , we got a fully-orchestral score -LRB- from Alan Silvestri -RRB- which is distressingly un-MARIO like . The same is true for the throwaway rock-and-roll songs , which were obviously slapped on for commercial reasons . The overabundance of screaming and overloud sound mixing is tempting enough to make one turn the volume down.To its benefit , however , SUPER MARIO BROS. does support a high-quality cast -- which is quite surprising given that this is hardly the kind of movie that demands one . Bob Hoskins and John Leguizamo work chemistry as the brothers , even if they are nothing like their video game counterparts , and Samantha Mathis holds her own ground as the pretty Princess Daisy . Dennis Hopper 's portrayal of King Koopa , on the other hand , is disappointingly uncharismatic and spends more time chewing the scenery than creating a character worth rooting against ; Fiona Shaw is more effective as his dastardly secretary . All seem to take on their jobs with a good-natured attitude and do what they can with the mumbo-jumbo material.But even that is n't enough to qualify a good recommendation for SUPER MARIO BROS. as a movie . It 's too unfaithful a recreation for MARIO fans , too noisy even for action-buffs , and too preposterous to reach a smart audience . The only `` entertainment value '' that comes from this movie is laughing at its own miserable failings . So if you want to sit through a convoluted , incomprehensible action-flick that blatantly disregards its source material , then this is the movie for you . Otherwise , SUPER MARIO BROS. is not an example of great film-making , much less adapting a video game into a movie.Update
 Some video game movies are great . Others are horrid . Super Mario Brothers goes beyond horrid ! It seems as though nothing was thought out when writing the script for this movie and it does not resemble the game by Nintendo in anyway . If they had slapped a different name on this and changed the names of some of the characters I think this movie could have received 1.5 stars rather than just 1 . There is nothing of value in this movie and I strongly suggest that you stay far away unless your looking for something to put yourself to sleep if you have insomnia .
 Hello People , I am going to be reviewing a Movie that ruined my school reputation ... . The Movie itself is OK ... These famous actors who are chosen to play mario and luigi are acting in this movie , OK . . So I was in first grade when I watched this on VHS , and then my best friend Louis who was sitting next to me at story time was talking to me and then this picture from the movie came in to my mind and I told him `` Let 's be bad ! '' From that day in first grade I would always go to the pricipals office and never complete assignments . That is why I would NOT recommend this movie for anyone under the age of 10 , if you are 10 , please have an adult with you so you do n't get any ideas.Huge Mario Bros fan that is above 10 ... OK you can watch it , if you are age 9 or below please steer clear of this title.Please get this movie if you are above the age of ten!J.R . Platt
 How much did Dennis Hopper get paid to appear in this stinkbomb !! I really respected Dennis Hopper , but after Space Truckers , Im not surprised he made this POS . If you are asking yourself `` this movie ca n't be THAT bad '' ... i 'm telling you . . YES IT CAN !!! It s probably worse that you can even imagine ! and what happened to Capt.Lou ? all I know is that after this garbage , Bob Hoskin 's career went right in the toilet !! WHERE THIS TAPE BELONGS !! PS
 Absolutely excellent!a mixture of pace , adventure , humor , add some originality to it!very good cocktail for young and old!BUT there is no audio French , not even subtitles !!!!! what a shame for the editor so I put only ONE STAR because of that !!! I got it in VHS and I transform it by myself , and I saw it in TV in FRENCH , so it exists !!
 This being mario I thought this would be good.I was very , very , very wrong . VERY wrong .
 I was very disappointed with this film . For one thing , the entire plot was wrong . They made a king who was a huge pile of muck , they made Toad into a human , and then a dino-type koopa -LRB- ?!? -RRB- , they made the koopa troopas look like deformed dinosaurs , and they gave the Marios practically no power at all -- no fireflowers , no super mushrooms ... just one tiny bomb-omb . WHAT A JIP !! And where 's Luigi 's mustache ?!
 I 'm not going to lie to you
 I ca n't believe there are actually people who liked this nightmare of a movie ! Super Mario Bros The Movie is hailed by all gamers as the prime example of just how bad a movie adaption of a popular video game can be!Many make the excuse that the only reason why no one likes this movie is because it was made for kids . How exactly does that make sense ??? There are plenty of kids movies that adults can watch and enjoy . The Iron Giant was a kid 's movie , and I consider it to be one of the best animated movies I 've ever seen ! The same can be said for Disney movies like Peter Pan , Alice in Wonderland , Mary Poppins . And what about other great kids movies like Sandlot , The Mouse on the Motorcycle , and The Princess Bride ? All of those were kids movies , yet they 're still highly entertaining to adult audiences as well.I did n't even like Super Mario Bros The Movie when I first saw it as a kid ... Why ? Because I watched it expecting to see Mario & Luigi running around the Mushroom Kingdom trying to save Pricess Toadstool from King Koopa , instead I saw Bob Hoskins & John Leguizamo running around an underground city in another dimension trying to save a red-haired woman from Dennis Hopper!It was totally unfaithful to the games ... Princess Toadstool 's name is Peach , Daisy is the Princess of another kingdom , Yoshi is n't a Raptor , Koopa is a giant fire-breathing dragon , not an overly smug politician , and Goombas are tiny little fanged-mushrooms with little black shoes , not some tall guy in a jacket with a tiny head ! Also , what 's with the flamethrowers ? Was that their answer to Koopa being able to breath fire as a politician , or are they just that stupid?Super Mario Bros The Movie is just as bad to an adult as it is to a kid , a kid just gets more confused at the movie , whereas an adult gets mad.The only video game movie that ever reached such awesomely bad heights as SMB The Movie was the Double Dragon movie , and to a lesser extent the Street Fighter movie staring Jean-Claude Vandamme.Buy it only so you can see how horrible it is , and maybe for a cheap laugh or two , but if you like the Super Mario Bros video games , do n't buy this expecting a block buster based on your favorite video game.Overall
 Let me get straight to the point . This was a sorry excuse for a movie ! The actual storyline for the game and the storyline for the movie was n't similar even in the least!This movie was a freakin disgrace to the true Mario brothers themselves ! To all of you people out there that gave this movie 5 stars I recommend you to get a CAT scan !!! If you did n't understand this statement , allow me to explain it to you ... `` GET YOUR FREAKIN HEAD 'S EXAMINED !!!! `` I think that all of the producers that helped to produce this sorry excuse for a movie should get fired and never set foot in the movie industry AGAIN !!!!!!!!!
 The Mario games have always been a very sentimental piece of my life . Hopping and bopping through the mushroom kingdom , collecting coins , and so-on . Needless to say , when I saw this film I was apalled . How it ever made it onto DVD , I will never know . If the screensaver quality prologue at the start of the film is n't enough to scare you away from the movie , you 'll soon notice that the film has very little in common with Sherigu Miyamoto 's video game classic that it is named after . There are too many continuity issues to list in this short review , so I wo n't bother . But basically to sum up the film , if you drained Water World , filled it with weird half lizard-half human creatures and put two badly dressed italian americans in the middle of it you 'd have Mario Brothers . If you are a die hard Mario fan , this film will deeply offend you . I would n't say it should be completely avoided , as it does offer a few un-intentional giggles , but the film itself it -LSB- not good -RSB- . It 's worse than Double Dragon , Mortal Kombat , Street Fighter , Wing Commander , Resident Evil and Tomb Raider combined . Mario Brothers is the un-disputed king of live acted Video game movies gone terribly wrong .
 The following is excerpted from an actual interview with Bob Hoskins , star of Super Mario Bros. : Guardian
 I saw this movie last night and was not too impressed . I 'm not going to say it was n't `` realistic , '' it 's not meant to be . I mean , jeez , look at the game ! I will say that I wish it had more in common with the game ... too much was changed , in my opinion . Luigi is a young guy -LRB- with no moustache ! -RRB- , Toad is some kind of hippie , and the Goombas are shrunken-head dinos . I suppose most people would expect things to be more similar to the original , just like they 'd expect a movie based on a book to be similar . I also got the impression that the writer/director really was n't familiar with the game , maybe that 's why there were so many changes . In any case , it is always tough to take a story from one media to another , and it seems to me that the efforts more often than not fall short of the mark .
 putting Bob Hoskins and John Leguizamo as the plumber brothers Mario and Luigi . Samantha Mathis is Princess Peach and Dennis Hopper is the boring King Bowser . some good moments here and there but whats the deal yo . the games are better then this monstrousity . damnit ... they should of made a cartoon version . Leguizamo and Hoskins are ok as the brothers but wow ... not good and the Yoshi dinosaur is idiotic
 If you ask me , any movie that is based on a video game and they do n't have similar story lines is a lame attempt at a movie . Lets take a look at the games , it does n't take place in a city , iggy and spike are dinosaurs , Yoshi is not a pet to koopa , koopa 's are turtle like creatures , Luigi has a moustache , and the maidens name is peach . In the movie , Mario and Luigi have to jump by using air stompers , the maiden 's name is Daisy , Goomba 's are humanoid in appearance , Koopa Troopa 's drive around in cars , and there is no Bowser , just Koopa . I could go on for hours , but if you are a Mario fan , do n't see this movie , STAY AWAY !!!
 Yesterday I happened to have a chance to watch `` Super Mario Bros. , '' a live-action film loosely based on the hugely popular video game series . Loosely I say , because the story was mostly set in the alternate universe called `` Dinohatten , '' where our heroes Mario and Luigi land accidentally while looking for a kidnapped NYU student Daisy -LRB- Samantha Mathis -RRB- . The film 's pointless story goes on and on , not knowing what it really wants to do . `` Super Mario Bros. '' has been criticized for its departures from the original source . I did n't mind that at all . Bob Hoskins looks like Mario enough . What bothered me is simply this
 I used to think `` Howard The Duck '' was the worst movie ever made . I have since revised my opinion - though my 7-year old son thought it was `` awesome . '' I would n't recommend it for anyone over 7 , unless they 've been de-evolved .
 This movie is awful . Not exactly sure why Nintendo ever allowed this to be released . Has nothing to do with the game .
 I am a big fan of the Super Mario Brothers - the video game and the TV show . I had high hope for this movie , but boy what a waste of time this was . This movie sure give the Super Mario Brothers a bad name . If you have n't seen this movie , I envy you . Nothing like the game of the show . It NEVER should have been made ; period .
 I love videogames , I love movies , sadly Hollywood has yet to figure out how to put these two together . To put it blankly , this movie is bad , really bad . This movie rivals streetfighter ! They both have poor plots , sad sad dialogue , and nothing to do with the games their based on . Koompas are n't reptiles , and Van Dam sure does n't seem american to me.Heres a better idea , if you like videogames , check out mortal kombat or resident evil . If you like family movies , which I think SMB was suppose to be , check out instead any Pixar movie . Especially with toy story 1 & 2 special editions out now .
 You may have used the arguement that this movie was released in the 90 's , 93 to be exact , and that cgi was n't developed yet . But , Jurassic Park came out that same year , did n't use cgi , and it did n't look like crap . Did the producers just not care ? Explain that . Stop trying to mkae reasons whythis movie is good , because it just is n't .
 I 'm a huge Mario fan . But this is something they should of left alone . They tired to make this movie cool and all but insted they butcher the Mario franchise with this crap . To me this had nothing to do with the game . This was more like Mario and Luigi went into the future , or another dimension into a city or a world called Dinohattan runed by king koopa.Koopa has some machine to make people into dinosaurs , well the people are kinda already are but they look like humans so the machine makes them look like a reptile and act retarted . And they are after a stupid rock.For anybody that likes this movie give me one thing besides the names that this movie is like the game . The only thing they seemed to get right was the names . But do n't let that fool you . Yoshi looks retarted and so does Koopa . This movie was so bad I was waiting for Donkey Kong to make an apperance to maybe save the movie . Would n't of that been funny . I know with Mario popular and everything that they tried to make money with this but instead they fail.Maybe it should of been a cartoon or animation or something like that .
 i 'm not gunna lie . this is not a good movie . other game titles would have made a much better story . If they chose kirby , maybe . they could have made a million jokes about a wierd blob and an evil penguin . they could have had action with dark matter in a battle . they should make this movie , instead of more dumb mario movies . Kirby and King Dedede beat Mario and Luigi by a mile .
 Movies based off videogames , like anything else , are interesting conceptually , but at least 90 % of the time , the execution of such things results in puke-inducing disaster . This movie is no exception , and in fact , is among the absolute worst out there . What 's even weirder is that I first saw this movie on cable TV back around 1994 and despite being much younger and therefore much easier to please , I still found the movie to be a wretched experience because at that age , I could n't stand it for the fact that the movie had practically nothing in common with the classic Mario games I played like mad back then . I now hate it because the acting was awful , the story was nonexistent at best , the visuals were awful , and the comedy was painful , not to mention that it has virtually nothing in common with the classic games . The only good thing I can say is that I watched this for free on YouTube , so at least I won in the fiscal department.STORYWhen the giant asteroid wiped out the dinosaurs 65 million years ago , not all of them were wiped out , and as the millions and millions of years passed , dinosaurs continued to evolve in a dimension parallel to ours and have found a gateway to the human-dominated dimension in Brooklyn circa 1993 . The Mario brothers -LRB- Bob Hoskins as Mario and John Leguizamo as Luigi -RRB- find themselves going after King Koopa -LRB- Dennis Hopper -RRB- and his reptilian minions to save an archaeologist named Daisy from their diabolical scheme to unite the two dimensions and de-evolve all the humans.NO RELATION TO THE SOURCE MATERIALI have nothing against film-makers changing the source material for a TV or movie version so long as the end products are well made and memorable , examples such as Stanley Kubrick 's version of The Shining , Tim Burton 's Batman movies , and the ABC Sonic the Hedgehog cartoon series -LRB- dubbed `` SatAM '' by fans -RRB- based off the other iconic videogame series . All of which are pretty different from the source material , but the people who made them made interesting characters , well-developed story lines , and well-developed themes that make them worthwhile . Super Mario Bros. , on the other hand , not only has nothing in common with the Mario games , but the film-makers ' spin on the Mario universe is totally appalling on just about every level , which I 'll get into greater detail in the following categories . In fact , the only things I noticed it had in common with the original game is that the very beginning had the music from the first game , and that there was one scene with the `` rocket-boots '' that made the noise of Mario getting hit by an enemy.TERRIBLE ACTINGYou 'd think that with acclaimed actors like Bob Hoskins and Dennis Hopper at the helm , the acting would at least be decent , right ? Wrong !! Given that Hoskins had practically nothing to work with , it almost seems like the people who made this movie just expected him to recycle his acting style from Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? , except while Hoskins was in top form in that movie -LRB- and WFRR remains a classic from my childhood -RRB- , you can sense the boredom in Hoskins ' face , even in the more `` dramatic '' moments just because he has no interest in the movie -LRB- you ca n't really blame him -RRB- . If you thought Hopper was really hammy in Waterworld , you 'll be thinking he was in top form in that movie compared to what he did for this . I do n't like quoting other reviewers , but the Nostalgia Critic said it best when he said Koops is like a cross between Donald Trump and Dr. Evil , and he 's so lame that he 's even worse than the Strangers in Dark City . He 's not even fit for scaring little kids at a Halloween night in the local elementary school 's gymnasium . All he does is throw around lame , humorless lines and his main method of `` control '' is arresting subversive citizens and de-evolving them into pin-headed reptilian soldiers called Goombas , which look nothing like the Goombas featured in the games . What 's even worse is that Hopper tries to sound `` reptilian '' on occasion by making goofy animal noises at the end of his dialogue , and his over-the-top attitude makes him a joke . His only line that squeezed a laugh out of me was when he he briefly made it to the human dimension and de-evolved Mario 's main competitor in the plumbing business -LRB- Scapelli , I believe -RRB- , he points to the de-evolved creature and says `` Monkey ! '' at him , and that 's only funny for how stupid it is.AWFUL VISUALSFor a movie costing $ 48 million back in 1993 -LRB- which was bigger bucks back then -RRB- , it looks more like a low-budget release from an unknown film studio . The animation of the dinosaurs at the beginning of the movie is some of the absolute wost animation and artwork I 've ever seen for a movie with this type of price tag attached to it . The movements are very chunky and the drawings look very bland . The very first South Park animation created in 1992 had better production quality , and that was a project Matt Stone and Trey Parker did in college !! For a parallel universe with humans evolved from dinosaurs instead of apes , most of them look no different from normal humans , other than one woman with a bunch of weird green stuff on her face fighting a mugger trying to steel her unhatched egg in her stroller , and Koopa 's goofy hair that look like bone-like ridges on his head . Right there , there was no effort with creating reptilian creatures in this universe , and what did they do to poor little Yoshi ?!! He looks NOTHING like his original incarnation in Super Mario World , and even though they tried to make him look `` cuter '' than the other reptiles infesting this flick , he looks like a creepy dinosaur that was poorly transitioned into something more `` kid-friendly . '' The Ba-Bombs featured in this movie look like toys that came with your daughter 's Happy Meal , and unlike the ones featured in the games , the Ba-Bomb Mario used to blow up Koopa takes an eternity to explode , despite the really short fuse on the thing . Those police cars used by Koopa 's law enforcement look like cheap mutations out of a bad chop shop in the middle of Gary , Indiana , and given how there 's been movies out there with excellent-looking vehicles made by prop designers that came with smaller price tags -LRB- such as Aliens and District 9 -RRB- , I expected the prop makers to put more effort in making better cars . The other props in this movie like the guns and rocket-boots , look like toys that were product placements for a cheesy cyberpunk cartoon from the time period this movie came from.BAD HUMORThe humor in this is some of the tackiest I 've ever had to face in a movie like this . All the humor really consists of is bad one-liners -LRB- and not the charming ones that Arnold Schwarzenegger can dish out in his prime -RRB- , and a lame running gag about Koopa ordering a pizza . The one-liners that I can recall that were really abysmal is this one joke when Mario says to Luigi `` We 're not in Manhattan anymore ! '' and of Koopa 's wife getting electrocuted and gets smashed into a rock wall towards the end and Luigi says to Daisy `` She sure leaves an impression ! '' There were three writers for this movie , and not one of them could come up with any decent humor ?!! Also , why would Koopa order a pizza in the middle of a military operation to invade another dimension , and him calling his assistants about his pizza is n't funny , at all.FINAL WORDIf you 've had the luxury of missing this abomination , do n't take that luxury for granted , as this truly is among the most awful of videogame-to-movie creations ever . If you want smooth transitions from videogames to motion pictures -LRB- TV and movies -RRB- , go check out Dead Space
 When I am asked what movie is the worst , this is it . This is the biggest waste of time ever . I can find interest in anything ... even something so bad as Masters of the Universe and Howard the Duck ... two equally lame movie that you can buy with this one . But I jsut could n't take this , it was like pure torture . I played the games and loved them , how they made this movie defies explaination . I read the wiki on it and the actors refuse to acknowledge they were ever in it ... see Mario actors wiki if you do n't believe me . The story and such makes no sense and or is not intresting at all , the characters are not the same and haev no relation save the name and the whole film is on a set inside a warehouse . I am not going to knock the special affects because a good imaginative story can override that , I mean look at Gremlins ... those are horrible affects but that movie is clasic . This is not even close , you will never see this movie on cable or even late not local cable access ... nobody wants to see this movie . If you buy this you are buying to jsut laugh at how bad it is ... FREDDIE GOT FINGERED IS BETTER THAN THIS CRAP . Joh leguizwhogivesacrap is pretty annoying , especially when he pics up a random mushroom out off the sewer ground -LRB- ??? -RRB- and says ... `` I 'm going to keep this ... I think it means something '' If you can still watch it past this part you are brave ... but very stupid .
 When I first saw this movie I thought . The Girl gets captured by Bowser and Mario has to rescue her and Luigi tags along . Well I was sadly mistaken . This has to be one of the worst Video game to theatre movies I 've ever seen . It has nothing to do with the mario games . I do n't recall them having booster boots and I do n't recall springy mushroom . And Yoshi 's a baby raptor what 's that about . If they would have made it a little better this would have been great . Shame Touchstone Pictures Shame .
 I guess I was like 13 when I first saw this movie . Even then I was smart enough to watch this tanked piece of garbage , and say to myself , `` What the hell is going on here ? '' Bob Hoskins was okay , as Mario , but John Lequizzano as Luigi ? Tear out my eyes , would you please ? I 'm so glad this film bombed . It would have been excruciatingly painful to watch a sequel . It was a disaster and it looked nothing like the game .
 There is nothing good I can say about this movie.There is absolutely nothing remotely entertaining about it.If the main-characters did n't go by the names of Mario & Luigi , you 'd be lost.Nothing here resembles the video-game it 's based on , which is n't a bad thing neccessarily ... except that nothing here resembles any kind of story.The acting is bad , perhaps on purpose ... but who cares ? It 's not amusing in the slightest.The movie is boring . In 90 minutes , you 'll want to gouge your eyes out . `` Super Mario Bros. '' -- the movie -- has been proven to damage brain-cells upon each viewing.In a Koopa-shell , do n't waste your time on this movie . Do n't even look at the cover . Do n't even read this review . Just try and pretend this `` movie '' does n't exist .
 for being in this movie . Not because their acting was great , but because they managed to get through the whole thing without having a `` how much money am I getting paid for this ? How much money am I gettting paid for this ? '' expression on their face . In a way it 's too bad that this movie , and Mortal Kombat failed at the box office as it prevented other video game classics such as PacMan , Centipede and Joust from being made into live action movies . Darn the luck .
 Never in my life have I seen such wonderful abuse of a license such as this . The Mario Bros. games have a very simple canon that 's nearly impossible to screw up
 This movie typifies the lazy , expensive , misguided Hollywood misfires of the last 20 years , with its bargain-Blade-Runner-with-more-neon sets , poorly realized characters and jarring tonal shifts . Is it for kids ? Is it for adults ? A comedy ? Thriller ? Sci-fi ? Who knows ! Who cares !? Even if you completely ignore the video game origins -LRB- which this movie fouls up miserably -RRB- , this movie does not work on its own as intelligible entertainment . The movie feels like a poorly directed stage play , with everyone pitching for the last row , but not campy or quotable enough to be memorable.For those of you who think this is an overlooked gem , I direct you to the climax , where Koopa basically stands in the same spot on a walkway for 20 minutes , while clich&eacute;d , cartoonish `` action '' unfolds on the same recycled sets around him.Another movie that tries to be everything and only succeeds at being boring and mildly nauseating . Only watch this out of sheer curiosity .
 I do n't get it . I love this band and have turned numerous friends on to them . All have been impressed , but their DVDs blow ! Almost unwatchable due to there is seldom more than 3 seconds and typically 1 to 11/2 seconds of viewing without a camera angle change or change to somewhere else on stage . No continuity whatsoever ! Dizzying and not in a good way . I was so excited to watch this . Bought both of the DVDs and watched each to about the 5th song before stopping in complete dissappointment . Watch and judge for yourself , but I became quite sour on these guys due to this , though I love their music and I 'm sure this feeling will subside , but the DVDs are in the trash . There is ZERO opportunity to `` get in to the song '' with all of the viewing changes . There are so many awesome live concert videos available from numerous bands , but PT DVDs are NOT them ! Sorry PT fans , but you must have received different DVDs than I . But do go and buy ALL of their CDs . Great Band !
 This dvd came from England & would not play on my player so I have returned it & I am waiting on a credit . I would not have ordered this had I know it was coming from England & that I might have a problem
 Movies are amazing vehicles for art , expression , and entertainment , and art films are one of my favorite ways to interact with society . But here 's a film that makes it seem like the world has no place for love , trust , and justice . It 's beyond pointless ; Rosemary 's Baby is destructive to society.My favorite cinematic works are not always `` pleasant '' or beautiful ; but none of the movies I value exist to perpetuate or elicit a massive hatred . That 's what Rosemary 's Baby accomplishes ; it makes one feel disgust , paranoia , and rage.Watching this movie is traumatic , especially if you 're a feminist or a woman . You 'll see a woman living in an era and a time where she is beyond safety and compassion , in spite of closely interacting with her family . She 's double-crossed , poisoned , profoundly and repeatedly violated in various ways , and anyone who responds to her cries for help is eliminated by those in collusion against her . It 's despicable . And -- spoiler alert -- in the end , she likes it ; she becomes complicit.So , my movie companions , I urge that Rosemary 's Baby be struck from the film record along with the violence against women that is its topic . I know the violence , collusion , and violation exists , but is not hampered by this `` work of art '' .
 So was the movie chilling or frightening ? The answer is no . I did n't like the movie at all . I may have seen the Exorcist too many times but I think that the movie was n't scary enough to keep me satisfied . It was n't a surprise that I was dissappointed after seeing it . It 's absolutely not a horror movie only a good psychic thriller . I think that the fault is all Ira Levin 's and his original book . Well , he has never been my favourite writer . Of course Roman Polanski is a good film director and Rosemary 's Baby were a nice sightseeing into New York in the 60 's . But it offered me nothing else .
 I just finished reading the book `` Rosemary 's Baby '' and thought it was a decent read until the lame ending . I was looking forward to seeing the movie , which has been hailed as a classic , and found it quite flawed.Sure , the acting is good -LRB- although an Oscar for Ruth Gordon 's performance seems a bit much -RRB- , the direction is fine , etc. but the movie is totally not scary . It 's not even particularly suspenseful , considering it 's billed as a `` psychological thriller . '' The first third , which develops character and plot , really drags . The Woodhouses move in to the new apartment , they meet the neighbors , they have dinner with the neighbors , they make fun of the neighbors , they have sex , blah blah blah . Get to the point already !!! The middle third is OK but not great , and the ending is as anticlimactic as the book 's . Sorry , but senior citizens standing around yelling `` Hail Satan ! '' is hilarious , not scary.Take my advice . For real , genuine creepy film scares , stick with the best , e.g. . The Shining , Halloween , The Exorcist , Texas Chainsaw Massacre , etc. `` Rosemary 's Baby '' is just too timid to be anything but mildly entertaining.Rather disappointing , considering how acclaimed this movie supposedly is .
 Would somebody please tell my why everyone is classifying this as a horror film . There was n't anything horror about it . Do n't get me wrong , the movie is excellent with some top notch acting and cinematography . However , I found the movie to be completely misleading in the direction in which it was going , teasing you with some creepy singing at the opening credits , but going nowhere for the first half of the movie . There was some disturbing imagery in it , but nothing to the level of an actual horror movie , this was more of a psychological/supernatural `` drama '' . Half way , i found myself frustrated and begging for some actual progression . Thankfully the story started to take off in the second half , but I was still frustrated that I was not actually watching a horror film . I was n't expecting blood and gore , and some guy with a chainsaw , but you would think a film that labels itself as horror and with a Devil worshiping story , would have similar horror qualities like the `` Exorcist '' or `` The Omen '' which are true horror movies and blow `` Rosemary 's Baby '' completely out of the water . For those of you interested in a Disturbing drama , then go for it . For those of you looking for a psychological/supernatural horror , look elsewhere .
 I consider it an amazing feat of strength that I managed to sit through this entire movie . Within the first 20 minutes you understand what 's going on , so then you expect something to be done about it , but NOTHING HAPPENS ! You try to convince yourself that the movie must be building up to a great ending sequence but it just is n't there . Without question this is only worth seeing if you want to find out how bad films can actually be .
 Okay , some of the reviews said that this was better than the Exorcist -LRB- if that was humanly possible -RRB- , and it was n't . After seeing the Exorcist , no other scary movie compares . This had an easy plot to follow , lots of chanting , and a bunch of crazy witches saying Hail Satan ! The scariest part of this movie is the FBI warning at the beggining . I gave it two stars for the opening song , but other than that skip it . Almost as stupid as The Other . Not The Others , The Other . The Exorcist is way better , and I 'm not a die hard Exorcist fan , The Exorcist is simply the Scariest movie ever , because demonic possesion is very real . I was `` privleged '' to witness one , and I still have nightmares to this day . This is another dumb anti-christ movie . The only good one was The Omen . Skip this and rent The Exorcist or The Omen .
 Is Rosemary 's Baby a horror classic ? Well , conventional wisdom says yes , without a doubt . It was made in 1968 , placing it in the early stages of horror prominence . And , certainly , it was more difficult to make a horror film back then . Remember , this was before somebody said `` You know what ? I really do n't need a plot here . I 'll just have a killer run around after people for an hour and a half . '' So , this film had to have a plot , which it did . But it was n't anything special . The number of scares in the 2 + hours
 Ok so i have heard about this movie and with a couple of reference 's in some t.v shows and other movies i was expecting it to be on the verge of an all time thriller . I popped in the DVD and was ready to be scared but what i got was so much less . The movie misled me so bad that by the end of the movie i 'll admit i was a bit upset and going on about how it was the weirdest thing and maybe biggest waste of time that i 'd watched . the first half went no where slowly with some very disturbing images , and the second half was really not what i was expecting , ofcoarse not blood and gore but at least soemthing scary to have me thinking about it for a while . . i was so excited and looking forward to watching it . . i 'm sure back when it was first made it would have passed as an intense horror film but when in comparison 's with a real horror film like `` The Exorcist '' . `` Rosemary 's Baby '' should n't be classified as a horror film . At the end of the movie i was disappointed thank goodness i didnt buy it because i 'll probably never watch it again .
 Thinking about this film after watching it , it 's a fairly decent piece of work . Until the ending . Still , the parallels between Rosemary 's Baby and director Roman Polanski 's personal life are striking.Mia Farrow plays a derivative 1960s Stepford wife impregnated whilst unconscious by the Prince of Darkness . As the basis for a horror movie , that 's a good start . I 'd have chosen perhaps Barry Goldwater , or maybe even Polanski circa his days when he himself raped a drugged girl , but the Devil makes nearly as good a villain . -LRB- How eerie then that Polanski 's own wife would have her life and her pregnancy terminated by a bunch of Satan-worshippers just after this movie debuted . -RRB- Anyway , the movie is paced well and the story is interesting . I really enjoyed how she pieced together the evidence of a conspiracy . I half-expected to be asleep before it ended . But more than two hours later , I was on the edge of my seat watching Rosemary track down her newborn 's thieves with a kitchen knife . And what would she do with that knife ?! I wo n't spoil it for you , but when she enters the neighbor 's apartment , you can turn your DVD player off . You wo n't miss a thing . In fact , any ending you dream up will be better than what actually happens.And that was the biggest problem with this film . Other people have mentioned it too -- the ending sucks . It really made me feel as though I 'd wasted two hours of my life . I was hoping for a violent , vengeful ending , but no , nothing like that happens.Other things I did n't like ... after Rosemary swears off Minnie 's vitamin drinks , you see her drinking at least one more of them ! What happened ? And why does she keep visiting Dr Sapirstein after she realizes he 's in on it?Plot holes you could drive a '68 Fleetwood hearse through .
 There is no doubt that Polanski is a brilliant film-maker
 Oh my god ! This movie was so pathetic . I rented it hoping it would be good like I had heard . But no ! What I saw was the most stupid and boring movie ! The acting was good and so was the story , but the movie sucked , STAY FAR , FAR AWAY !
 I bought this movie because I heard and read good things about it . Maybe these reviews were all written in the 60s who knows . Personally , this movie is overrated and the ending is just awful . I gave 2 stars for the simple reason that Mia Farrow is stunning .
 WOULD NOT RESPOND TO ANY OF THE 4 E-MAILS THAT WERE SENT INQUIREING ABOUT MY PURCHASE ! IGNORED ME WHEN I TOLD THEM TO CANCIL MY PURCHASE AND REFUND MY MONEY !
 this is an evil movie two of the actors died of cancer not long after the movie came out sidney blackmer and marurice evans and john cassavetes died also he not that old at the time he died you see the devil in this movie and you see the baby of the devil im no bible pounder but this movie i think they called on somthing evil when they made it roman polanski is evil him self ira levin too in short do not buy this movie!they even had a book of witch craft and devil worship in the movie .
 This indeed is a psychological thriller rather than a horror film , yet the book 's main technique of presentation , which made it effective , is greatly reduced . The book much integrated ordinary happenings - Guy was humorous and charming , and Rosemary a creative , sociable , happy bride . -LRB- Referencing another reviewer 's comments
 I thought it was idiotic & at times downright silly . At the end I felt like laughing . If I had been a kid watching this I guess I might have felt the `` horror '' others talk about but as an adult it was nothing more than nonsensical tripe .
 yet i guess the movie must be great , i did not see that this dvd is only for certain countries n doesnt play here in the States . . so that kinda sucks money down the drain ...
 I do not know why this is a classic horror . It 's pretty stupid . The characters are vacuous , the plot line is clice &#34; d , the ending was retarded .
 I am a huge horror movie lover , but I have to say that I was truly disappointed with this . When I first rented Rosemary 's Baby , I was expecting a delightful psychological suspense thriller after reading all these raving reviews , but what I got was a slow moving , average acting , and not scary at all flop of a horror flick.I can certainly appreciate older films that truly builds the atmosphere and suspense as opposed to modern day corny slasher types or the flash a scary ghost face here , another dead body there while playing creeping music typical modern day horror . But boy , did this movie take a long time to develop ! The whole time I was sitting there thinking -- this is suspense ? this is horror ? Maybe we 've been over-exposed to special effect type of horror and better technology and camera work , but at no time during this sad display of a movie was I scared or on the edge of my seat . The entire movie just happened without me having a reaction for it , the only reaction I had after the poor ending was trying to find a hammer to smash this sad excuse of a movie.I normally do n't give bad reviews , but this movie experience was ruined due to my high expectation from all the positive reviews and how bad the movie actually turned out . These actors won awards ? People were actually scared by this movie ? I do n't think the movie was too `` aged '' for my taste since there are a number of films dated from the same era that I 've enjoyed immensely . I really think this movie is vastly overrated and just poorly made .
 For God 's sake people , someone please tell me what you 've found the least bit entertaining or interesting about the way this film was made.Just explain it to me , really.What is it about this much-acclaimed horror classic that you like so much?Not that I was expecting any blood , guts , or gore from it , but at least some level of magnetism , you know ? It simply does n't gain attention . Hell , it does n't even seem to ask for it at all . I actually had to force myself to follow it all the way through . I know the relationship between movie and audience has to be sort of give and take , but come on.Even after surviving an entire first hour of incredible boredom with only a few hints of suspense , I tried to convince myself somehow that the idea was not about suspense or strong storytelling , but about maybe the - oh I do n't know - the ... The ... you know , the ... the fact that it 's a classic , and people are really crazy about it , so keep watching.And I did . I used whatever amount of patience I had left to keep going , just following that lonely woman in that lonely appartment wondering about those weird occurrances that seem to suggest something creepy is about to happen ... but not in a way that would make me give a damn.Next thing you know , I finally arrive at the movie 's finale , which is where things really start to pick up and by the time they do , it 's all over.Now , I 'm not gon na be closeminded about this and call the movie a complete waste of time , since it 's done a helluva job in making me appreciate all the other silly , empty-headed horror movies I 've seen that are nowhere as dead as this one.But I will kindly ask those of you who have rated this big bore with more than one star to explain to me in detail what it is about it that got you ? Seriously , at which point exactly did the movie stop you from squirming in your seat and wanting to punch holes through your livingroom walls?It must 've been some killer drug , man ... in which case , ignore my question , and please share some with me .
 From reviews I had thought RB would be a genuine thriller.The only thing I found thrilling was the realization after anhour or so that the film would soon be over . Ca n't understand why anyone would make the effort to mentally get into this film.I found it corny and I 'm certainly glad I did n't pay for the DVDthat I watched . Everything about this film was heavy - heavy acting , heavy scripting . Heavy , heavy , heavy .
 I didnt like this movie all too much ... I thought it would be great but whats so scarey about it ? I guess in my young age I dont understand what its like to have satans child but I still thought it was dumb and not scary at all . I have watch alot of horror movies ... ALOT ! And this one shouldnt be one of them its not even scary ... If you are looking for thrills and chills look somewhere else because this movie is purely made for people who are scared VERY easily .
 Do n't bother with Rosemary 's Baby . Do n't watch it unless you are really bored on a rainy day . The film is so slow-paced and dated ; 20 minutes in to the film I was looking at my watch to see how much longer I 'd have to suffer . It finally ended and I let out a long sigh of relief ! It is SO boring , you 'll just go crazy ! Please , for the love of goodness see the infinitely superior The Exorcist instead of this turkey any day of the week .
 Maybe I am just too young to get it , but it was not scary , not clever , and just not good.I watched the movie anticipating that it had to end well , but the ending made the movie worse.This is my first review . I just had to speak out against this movie .
 Some years ago i saw `` Rosemary 's Baby '' , and I am positive that at the end of the film Rosemary looks into the cradle and sees her baby . The baby has claws for hands and yellow eyes . In the version I just saw , however , there is no view of the baby . Was I dreaming ?
 This movie is 2 plus hours of wasted time . Let me tell you the movie in one sentence
 I had heard this was one of the best horror movies of all time , but my experience was that it was one of the most ridiculous and worst movies I had ever seen . I 'd steer clear of this lemon . Ugh !
 Pretty dumb , unrealistic , and not scary at all . In comparison just shows how great , realistic and well made The Exorcist is .
 Where do I start ? -LRB- or perhaps it would be better to just end the misery of this movie and tell you to avoid it altogether -RRB- . I guess there 's no revisting the past , and that includes 70 's era horror films that fail big when viewed in 2012 . For those who thought this movie was frightening when they were teenagers -LRB- or maybe even older -RRB- , it 's best to keep those fears and memories locked away instead of trying to convince others they too will be terrified as you were back in 1968 , because the truth is , this film was slow , boring , poorly plotted , acted and directed . In other words , NOT SCARY or entertaining in the least . Maybe it was the ridiculous sex scenes involving Rosemary rolling around on a wooden floor -LRB- ouch ! -RRB- or being tied down and raped by satan while nude satanists stand around watching -LRB- perv Roman Polanski directed , so no surprise there -RRB- . Or perhaps one too many milkshakes stirred up by the wacky elderly neighbor for Rosemary to drink after she becomes pregnant , and which make her progressively grow ill -LRB- does n't she get it after shake # 2 or # 3 or # 4 or # 5 ... ??? -RRB- . Could it be Rosemary 's husband leaving their apartment ad nauseum to `` tattle '' on her repeatedly to the satanists whenever she has insight or questions strange things happening ? I could go on and on but it 's pointless to beat a dead horse of a movie . Trust me , all hype and no horror . It 's everything but frightening , creepy or even a tad bit spine-tingling . What 's scary to a kid does n't frighten an adult unless you have issues . And for that , there 's therapy . I 'll give it ONE star for a young and adorable Mia Farrow . And that 's being generous .
 The TV Guide called it probably the best horror movie ever made . This was supposed to be a classic ? I guess it was a classic con-job . Mia 's character , or was it just Mia , was so unbelievable . The whole tale seems so , simplistic ? Oh let 's not go over for dinner , oh we will , oh it is so ironic Guy 's suddenly taken a liking to his neighbors . The ` suggestions ' and red-herrings did n't help much in alleviating the pain of a sad non-ending . I would recommend this to film buffs only . For me , at the end of two and a half hours , it felt like nothing much had happened .
 I am a very big fan of horror movies , I have been snice I was around 5 or so . This was on sometime during Hallooween on AMC , and it was always one of the `` 100 Most Horror Movies '' on Bravo . When I watched it before that show was on I saw a few parts and though to myself when does the good part come ? . . But I ended up about to fall asleep so I taped it , but not every part came on , then I watched it again and though to myself this is not even scary what makes it so scary ? ... The movies mostly about a young women and her husband who want a kid , then when she gets it -LRB- supposly she 's rapped by the devil -RRB- , and her kids the devil living inside her , but nothing really scary happened I was pretty dispointed .
 I thought that this movie was going to be scary , and terrifying . In the end , it was stupid and meaningless . The plot was good , but it was played out all wrong . It was a waste of a good 2 and a half hours and it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
 Some people may be led astray by the multitude of glowing reviews of this movie on amazon and nearly every other review medium ever . It enjoys classic status for some reason that I can not fathom , because I am of the opinion that this movie might be the worst horror movie I have ever seen . The movie begins with a woman and her husband moving into a new apartment in the swanky -LRB- but purportedly cursed -RRB- part of town . They are immediately welcomed by their neighbors who happen to be the sweetest little geriatric satanists you ever did see , and begin having dinner with them every night . During one of their dinners , Rosemary is drugged by her husband and the satanists and raped by her husband while she dreams of having sex with JFK and the devil -LRB- who looks kind of like a sasquatch -RRB- intermittently . But do n't get your hopes up , because the movie does n't get any scarier or intellectually involving from there . It drags along for something around two hours while Rosemary debates over drinking daily concoctions provided for her by the satanists -LRB- hmmm ... tough call -RRB- , wearing the charm they 've given her -LRB- which at this point , she 's discovered to be evil , but it somehow remains a tough decision about what to do with it other than wear it and be afflicted by its curse -RRB- , and just plain moping around while she carries the devil 's sasquatch baby.The movie picks up for a brief 30 seconds when Rosemary finds out that her closet opens a secret passage into the Satanists ' lair , where the whole crew of octogenarian devil-worshipers halfheartedly mumble `` hail satan '' and Rosemary gets to see her baby ... a quick 2 second shot of the eyes of what is obviously an adult wearing red contacts and fur.Does this sound like the kind of movie for you ? If so , you might want to get your head checked .
 Rosemary 's Baby starring Mia Farrow is a total disaster . The ending is cheesy , what was Roman Polanski thinking ? This horror flick is considered a classic but I think it 's a muddled mess . Stay away from this turkey .
 Nothing much to say here . It 's well filmed , but it 's the story I do n't like . I like happy endings . Do n't expect a happy ending on this one . Very disturbing .
 This stands out in my mind as one of the biggest wastes of time I ever spent watching a movie . The name of the movie is Rosemary 's Baby , the whole movie centers around awaiting the birth of the baby , and after all is said and done , we spend a lot of time being bored and not seeing the baby . Total rip-off . Save your time and money . This movie is complete garbage , regardless of the decent acting .
 First off it was made by a Perv , Second it is creepy with everybody in on it type of thing , and it 's representative of the era and Hollywood 's Obsession with The Bizarre and Plain dumb . Masterpiece ? NO .
 I can summarize why I did n't like this movie pretty quickly . It was long and boring , and the antichrist was n't born until about the end of the movie , and then it was over . Nothing really interesting really happened . I felt like it was a waste of time . If you want a good movie about the incarnation of the antichrist , what The Omen , it 's much more worth the time .
 This movie was not as good as it seems . When i first rented it , I thought it was going to be pretty good considering I like classic horror films . But to my belief , it was very boring . The begining was pretty interesting with the couple looking for an appartment to rent , and the dead body in the begining/middle . But after a while it was very bland . Especially the part where she gets pregnant . I actually laughed during one part where she was `` floating on a bed in the middle of the ocean '' . I rated it one star only because of the connections the movie made at the end with all of its characters . There was only one exciting part where i was saying to myself , `` finally '' but then it ended very quickly . I thought her decision was ludacris at the end . Do n't waist two hours like i did watching this film .
 These DVD 's are not worth your money ! Picture and sound qualities are very bad , it looks like the DVD itself were re-recorded from a VHS , you can hardly understand anything the lady is saying because very poor sound and the items on the pattern envelopes are blurry you ca n't understand anything . Waist of your money !
 While I would give the singers somewhat higher marks than Mr. Morrison , he is spot on with everything else . I saw a production of Onegin 2 yrs . ago in Munich that I absolutely hated . Although I disagreed with it 's point of view , I understood a great deal of what the director was doing . However with this one I was clueless , time and time again . I must say that I am a big fan of Kwiecien having seen his Don Giovanni -LRB- San Francisco -RRB- and King Roger -LRB- Paris -RRB- . He is definitely a rising operatic star ! Luckily , I was able to see it televised so I did n't waste my money as others have .
 I wanted very much to like this DVD of a new Bolshoi Opera production of Tchaikovsky 's operatic masterpiece Yevgenii Onegin . But , alas , it was not to be . The Bolshoi 's old production had held the stage for more than fifty years and was beloved by Russians and visitors alike . In 2006 it was remounted with sets and stage direction by Dmitri Tcherniakov who apparently wanted to have a production shorn of tradition . But the production failed not only in my opinion but in the opinions of many of those who saw the new production both in Moscow and at the Palais Garnier in Paris where it was also presented and where this live performance was filmed . I seem to recall that in Moscow there were hundreds who either wanted their ticket money back or turned in their tickets for a refund after hearing about the production 's premiere . The doyenne of Russian sopranos , Galina Vishnevskaya , herself a celebrated Tatiana , was so outraged by the production that she canceled a gala at the theater honoring her on her eightieth birthday . She said that the production had been perpetrated by ` hooligans . ` First the musical values . Onegin is sung by one of the opera world 's rising artists , the Polish baritone Mariusz Kwiecien -LRB- pronounced , for those like most of us who stumble with Polish names , Mar-yoosh Kvetchyen -RRB- and he makes both a handsome and a handsome-voiced protagonist . He is made by the director to be more of a heel than even the libretto makes him . Tatiana is sung by Tatiana Monogarova , a beautiful young woman . Her singing is acceptable but not particularly memorable . Lensky , sung by Andrey Dunaev , is quite good . His tenor is not as rich as one might hope , but certainly more than acceptable . As for Madame Larina -LRB- Makvala Kasrashvili -RRB- and Olga -LRB- Margarita Mamsirova -RRB- the less said the better . But worst of all is the important part of the Nurse , sung with a horrendous wobble and dodgy intonation by Emma Sarkisyan . On the other hand , Prince Gremin is sung gloriously by the veteran basso Anatoli Kotcherga . The Bolshoi chorus and orchestra do wondrously , led by Alexander Vedernikov.But the stage direction is distressing . Both Madame Larina and the Nurse are given confusing and ultimately pointless things to do by Tcherniakov . Poor Larina has to go about the stage laughing riotously -LRB- and unconvincingly -RRB- for no apparent reason . Even worse , particularly in the first act , is the silly overacting of Monogarova who is attempting to portray a nave and gawky adolescent but comes across as simply not knowing what it is she is supposed to be doing . Again , I lay the blame for this at the feet of the director . She manages the grown-up and now-sophisticated Tatiana of the third act in much better style . Lensky 's moving ` Kuda , kuda ' is marred by the giddy pantomime of an old biddy who , in a two-shot with Lensky , keeps distracting from the meaning of the aria . Apparently , she thinks Lensky is flirting with her . -LRB- That 's my guess , anyhow . -RRB- And what is the point of that ? That we wo n't want to sit still and hear one of Tchaikovsky 's greatest arias staged ` straight ' ? Talk about distrusting -LRB- and abasing -RRB- your material , Tcherniakov ! And there is n't even any dancing in the great ball scene with its lilting polonaise!The stage design is silly . The whole opera uses a single set , a large country house dining room dominated by a huge dining table in Acts I and II , and the same set , now a different color and with different chairs for the table , for the Gremins ' Moscow palace in Act III . The duel , believe it or not , occurs in that dining room . Lensky is not shot on purpose by Onegin but accidentally when the two men struggle for a single rifle . This is so badly staged that I had to replay it in order to figure out what had happened . It appeared to me that Lensky simply fell dead -- onto that damned long table -- without a shot being fired.This is the only production or DVD of Eugene Onegin where I did n't care a whit for any of the protagonists . True , one can read Pushkin 's novel without identifying with or even much liking his main characters , but Tchaikovsky softened this -LRB- largely with that glorious music -RRB- so that one really does care for all three of the opera 's main characters.There is a negligible 26-minute ` documentary ' of additional material filmed during the preparation of the Paris production.Total time
 I dont even know what to say about this flim , all I can say is that it 's very dumb and it really pissed be off cuz IM a huge Kurt Cobain fan ... But it is kind of funny but yet so depressing ... But yah if your the type of person who likes to watch movies that has no talking hardly n ' luv watchin people just walk around then Hey you should really like this flim
 This movie blows . You go through the whole movie bored and the least Van Sant could have done was let you see him blow his head up . If I have to see that movie one more time , I 'd blow my head off . I mean , everybody that knew of him and followed his music as I did , already knew what happened . I expected a film much better than this one . I agree with one of the other reviewers of a way of Van Sant cashing in Cobain 's name . What a loser ! Cobain Rules !
 I 'm a huge Nirvana fan . I got this movie because I figured it might be good ... Well ... it 's `` based '' on Kurt but honestly to me it did n't make any sence at all ... . I know everything there is to know about Kurt ... I did n't like this movie one bit ... It bored me to death ... on his final days no one knew where he was so yeah ... those friends of his did n't exist ... Well . For all you Nirvana/Kurt fans do n't buy this movie . If you like Gus Van Sant I guess you could get this movie ... are all his movies this boring ?
 Uses the same slow pace as Elephant with een less happening . Too much of a good thing.Wish I could get my hands on the soundtrack , which gives this the 2 stars .
 I wish I would have rented it before i bought it ! Now I am out 20 dollars for a crapy movie . man it Sucked ! It was slow , no plot , BORING ! The most boring movie this year ! It made me feel like I had ADD and did n't want to pay attention anymore , it was so bad , do n't waist your money on this one ! it makes no sense at all ! the best part was the sceanery in the woods ! I 'd wo n't be surprised if people kill themselfs after watching this crap !
 I am yet to receive this product . I 'm sure the movie is amazing , but I 'm still waiting to get it .
 I 've never been so bored by a movie for a long time . It is maddeningly slow , not only on the -LRB- non-existent -RRB- dialog , but even the Cobain wannabe is slow . Seriously , I literally played this movie at 2x SPEED and he LITERALLY took close to 20 or 30 seconds to bend his knees and crawl on the floor -LRB- ca n't imagine that in real time -RRB- ! And the characters do n't even speak up , you 'll literally have to turn your TV set all the way up and put closed captioned to know what they 're saying.Is Van Sant 's intention to portray heroin addiction as a horrid experience that destroys the soul ? Did he want to portray how stardom got to Cobain and messed with him ? I pretty much doubt any of that , I did not feel the slightest shred of sympathy at any time during the movie . It does n't go anywhere , this movie is torture at its worst . The good reviews are based mostly on its experimental nature , the -LRB- I do n't know where they found it -RRB- character development , and the pain -LRB- what pain ???? the movie does n't express anything palpable ! -RRB- Cobain felt those final days . Every single person in the movie is boring.The so-called professional critics seems to have somewhat favored this movie and it just escapes me . Is being artsy fartsy good ? Is showing prominently on camera * just * a TV set playing around a minute or two of a video from Boyz II Men experimental and therefore good ? Does it advance the story in any way ? Is that pure genius ? He does have guts though , it takes a lot of them to film that and call it a movie.Van Sant , here 's an experiment for you
 Total waste of celluloid , not to mention time , money etc. . Not entertaining at all . Not creative at all . Not artistic in the least . Absolutely nothing happens in this ill attempt at making something provocative . The viewer gets to accompany someone , who resembles Cobain , for an uneventful , boring walk in the woods and a mission to avoid any contact with anyone else . The only thing that kept me from ejecting the DVD was my faith in ole Gus . I kept saying to myself , '' this ca n't be all there is to this film . '' I kept waiting until even all the credits had rolled , as if there would be some surprise or explanation for wasting all that film . SNORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRE !
 Welcome to Gus Van Sant 's attempt to be artsy . The problem with this movie is nothing happens . Absolutely nothing ! Throughout the whole movie we follow the lead character as he evades alomst all human contact and says about two words throughout the movie . This is loosely based on Kurt Cobain 's final days , but this movie has no point . Van Sant tries to make a statement on the struggles of a troubled soul battling himself and others to find happienss , but his approach does not work and instead the viewer is left asking themselves why did Van Sant make this movie ? This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 A Poor Excuse for a film.Due to the fact nothing happens in the film , example , He walks in the room , looks around the room , finds cereal , makes the cereal , eats the cereal , and we sit through a 10 minute scene and get nothing back.I am a huge fan of Asia Argento and she couldent even save this film from the trash bin .
 watch the trailer and you basically have the whole movie.a guy who stumbles around high and mumbles to himself . .
 Kurt Cobain was that all-too-familiar spectacle of rock 'n' roll -- a young genius who is ruined by his own success and inner demons , and ends up dying too early.And while Gus Van Sant never openly admits that the protagonist of `` Last Days '' is Cobain , it 's pretty obvious to anyone with five active brain cells that this is a story about his last days . Unfortunately it 's hardly a fitting eulogy to such a vibrant personality -- instead it 's a slow grind of excruciatingly dull , unspeakably mundane events . By the time the gun comes into play , the viewers will already be dead of boredom.We first see Blake -LRB- Michael Pitt -RRB- staggering through the countryside near his New York mansion , muttering to himself and apparently not paying any attention to his surroundings . Upon returning home he makes cereal , staggers around in a dress , and starts zoning out when the Yellow Pages man comes to call on business . He also passes out in an empty room in front of the TV.If I wanted to see this , I 'd go hang out at a frat house on Sunday morning.The vast , chilly mansion is filled with various drugged-out hangers-on who have sex , go on joyrides and sponge off Blake , although he seems too far gone to really care . And though Blake makes a few clumsy attempts at reaching out , the others see him just as a source of money and shelter . And by the time his mother arrives to try to reason with him , it 's clear that Blake has reached the point of no return ... . and only tragedy will follow.Rather than making a straightforward biopic of a thinly-veiled Cobain , Gus Van Sant evidently decided to focus on the last few days before Cobain took his own life in a Seattle greenhouse . This could have been a shocking , haunting experience -- a look into the final hours of a man of wild genius as he started circling the drain . It could have been a look into a modern American tragedy.Instead we get a film that Van Sant clearly directed while fast asleep . Which is more or less what I wanted to do as I watched `` Blake '' going about the most mundane tasks imaginable.Admittedly the settings are lovely -- fresh green woods and lawns , and a rambling stone mansion filled with shabby furniture . But nothing really HAPPENS in this movie , except a long treacly string of excruciatingly slow events that have nothing to do with one another . Van Sant spins it out in hyper-realistic style , with no music , mumbled dialogue and lots of boring activities observed in detail -- and frankly nothing could be more dull.And though a few scenes have a feeling of imminent doom -- such as Blake 's fruitless trip to a local punk club , or his pitiful attempts at playing music -- most of `` Last Days '' lacks even the slightest shred of foreboding or foreshadowing . Blake just does a lot of random , empty activities around his house , such as a seemingly ten-minute scene about making macaroni and cheese . No foreboding . And when he reaches the inevitable end , that 's it.Michael Pitt is one of the few good things about this movie . Though Van Sant blatantly wastes his screen presence for most of the movie , his beautiful face and powerful eyes fill the screen during the more emotional scenes , such as Blake 's final meeting with his mother . Though the camera rarely captures it -- Van Sant seems more interested in watching him stumble around -- he gives a startlingly , disturbingly good performance when given half a chance.Most of the other actors , though , are no more than hostile cardboard cutouts , and there 's nobody here who has much presence -- which may be appropriate , since they 're all leeches . The biggest waste is Asia Argento , who is reduced to a frumpy , grimy nonentity with bad hair and not much clothing . It 's anyone 's guess why she accepted this role at all , because she 's virtually unrecognizable and utterly bland . `` Last Days '' is a movie so soulless , so dull , so utterly staggeringly ghastly that it 's actually painful to watch . Michael Pitt is the sole redeeming aspect of this movie , and even he ca n't save it .
 I usually find watching movies a worthwhile activity . I often come across reviews where people complain that a movie was so bad they wasted 2 hours of their life they will never get back . I rarely feel that way . Watching `` Last Days '' , I did.The movie is very tedious to watch . There 's no plot to speak of . It consists of endless scenes of lead character , Blake , walking round mumbling to himself , and occasional scenes of pointless dialogue . Some reviewers have defended the lack of plot by saying the movie is a character study . But `` Last Days '' fails as a character study because it never lets us to get to know Blake . And a character study , too , needs something to keep the viewer interested . `` Last Days '' was truly a waste of 93 minutes of my life that I will never get back . I have no idea how Gus Van Sant , who made `` My Own Private Idaho '' , could make such a bad movie . Perhaps the movie is meant to be boring . Perhaps it 's the point of the movie . Maybe Van Sant wants to make the audience as bored and frustrated as Blake is . If that is what Van Sant intended , the movie succeeds . But that does n't make it worth watching and it still does n't succeed in giving us any real understanding for the character . Recommended only to those who love movies where nothing happens and those who thought `` The Brown Bunny '' was a masterpiece . I 'm glad I got it from the library and did n't pay for it .
 Gus Van Sant is a difficult and unpredictable director . He can pull off a quirky dramatic masterpiece like `` My Own Private Idaho '' , or a hilarious , deranged satire like `` Die To For '' with equal aplomb . With `` Elephant '' , he created an ingeniously naturalistic style that made the Columbine-like climax to the film even more powerful . Sadly , that same naturalistic style does not work nearly as well in `` Last Days '' . By depicting a series of tedious , excruciating moments leading up to the suicide of rock star `` Blake '' -LRB- Kurt Cobain -RRB- , the film does do a good job of showing the mental state of someone who has clearly given up on life and detached themselves from their surroundings . However , it 's not particularly engrossing for the viewer to watch . Michael Pitt inhabits the character beautifully , with his sad eyes , mumbling speech , and defiant laziness . It 's just that he never really gets the chance to do much that 's interesting , other than wear a woman 's nightgown or a pair of spacey sunglasses . The most beautiful scene in the film is when Blake 's ghost slips out of his corpse and climbs an invisible ladder into the next life . It gives both the character and the audience an opportunity to escape from his dreary , lonely world .
 This film is shot beautifully and I liked the way the actors were allowed to meander around in their character to sort of `` make the movie themselves '' as they went along . Unfortunately the movie is made to be `` About '' the `` last days '' of Kurt Cobain . This movie is not accurate and falls short in paying ANY kind of tribute to the memory of Kurt . It distorts his memory if it does any thing which is sad . I enjoy the quiet scenes and all the mood shots , it 's a neat reflective film and is actually comedic at times once you take away any reference there might be to Kurt Cobain . I had to MUTE the volume during the scene where the character tries to sing and play like Kurt . Other than that , like I said I like the way the film is shot and made and would have enjoyed it if it did not have something supposedly to do with Kurt Cobain . Any way , that 's what I have to say .
 is n't that it was n't a completely accurate depiction of Kurt Cobain 's last days on Earth . I certainly did n't expect it to be , for legal reasons if nothing else . What truly bothered me about Last Days is that it includes so many elements that are straight from Cobain 's life that it 's hard for the viewer to determine where the facts stop and the fiction begins.Van Sant had a choice of how to handle this movie , although I 'm sure it was a difficult one . In the end , he chose to say that the movie was fictional , but inspired on the life Kurt Cobain . What puzzles me is why he would choose to include so many minute details from Cobain 's actual life that would lead some viewers -LRB- call them ill-informed if you will , but many genuine Nirvana fans will simply be too young to know about the details that we older fans remember -RRB- to believe that this story is an accurate depiction of Kurt 's death . From the striped sweaters , to the bulky jacket , to the sunglasses , to the hair , to the posture , to the painful greenhouse ending ... each of these specific choices on Van Sant 's part create a relatively reasonable belief that these things `` actually happened . '' A decision needed to be made as to whether this was a biography or a work of fiction . To me , that decision truly was n't made , to the detriment of the film . And casting Kim Gordon , of all people , to discuss the effect of `` Blake 's '' life on his daughter struck me as explotative of an already tragic tale.I did n't detest this movie , but I ca n't say that I enjoyed it either . If you 're looking for a completely accurate portrayal of Cobain 's last days , I do n't think this is the movie for you . If you are old enough to remember the details of the of the non-stop Cobain coverage that tragic week in April 1994 , you may find something in it to appreciate . But I think this movie can best be enjoyed by someone without a blank slate , for whom the film can stand alone without real-life comparisons . For someone like me , who vividly remembers it all , this just does n't measure up .
 A young man named Blake , played by Michael Pitt -LRB- Dreamers , The Village -RRB- who is incredibley believeable , mumbles and bumbles in his last days of life . He writes music on the side , he eats cereal , passes out watching Boys 2 Men while he wears a black dress , he makes macoroni and cheese , avoids a friend who has brought a Detective , played by Ricky Jay -LRB- Boogie Nights , Men In Black -RRB- , who is looking for him , his friends dont want to spend the rest of their days sitting in a non-heated place ... even his friend Scott , played by Scott Green complains of the heat ... asking him if he can borrow some money and he wants one of those `` Jet-Heaters '' . Blake even goes to a punk rock show where a friend babbles about playing Dungeons & Dragons with Jerry Garcia -LRB- I thought that was funny because I used to play D&D back in the day . . I know I 'm a geek ... hoorah -RRB- and in the end Blake eventually dies in greenhouse . Gus Van Sant uses some pretty interesting camera work but some of them take to long . . Boys 2 Men video being one of them , a part where the camera pans away from the estate while we see Blake in the window and so on and so forth . It 's a quiet film ... ment to be that way and it also is supposed to be about the last days of Nirvana lead singer Kurt Cobain ... Van Sant just changed the name to Blake and the greenhouse was in Seattle but here it is in New York . This is a Gus Van Sant movie period ... but I was a little disappointed in it ... the story drags on and the actors seem bored out of their mind . Also starring Asia Argento -LRB- Land of the Dead , xXx -RRB- , Lukas Haas -LRB- Long Time Dead , Mars Attacks ! and Sonic Youth 's Kim Gordon . You 're either gon na hate this , be very disappointed in this , think its ok or even love it to death .
 Slow paced ca n't describe this movie.Slow paced usually means it takes awhile to get to the good parts -LRB- climax -RRB- this has no good parts.Many may be able to tell i 'm a Kurt Cobain fanatic from my reviews.I ca n't stick up much for him here.As the actor who plays him fails to replicate Kurt and his attitude.The whole plot is summed up on the back of the case wich tells you everything from starting to end and then some.If you did n't know who Kurt was this does n't help as you may not of guessed who Blake -LRB- the main characters swapped name instead of Kurt -RRB- was , looks alot like him and thats where it ends.The idea sounds awsome on pen and paper make a movie of a rockstar thats cool . Ecspecially Kurt Cobain.Though it lacks , even down to the audio.Kurt loved music this fails to show that.This movie hardly has any music at all.The filming seems shaky at times and mumbling Blake makes the movie just that much better . -LRB- notice the sarcasm -RRB- . The other characters really seem off.They do n't seem to professional.They ramble on and on to kill time in the movie.Wich just bores you more.The movie doesnt give you the impression Blake was a rock star many people can play a guitar.This movie does n't show you how he ecscaped from his wacko clinic.The bac kof the box has to tell you . `` It 's Better To Burn Out Then To Fade Away '' - Kurt Cobain.I think Kurt is now telling us burn this and watch this fade away . -LRB- BAD JOKE -RRB- I did n't want to bash this movie so bad , but i had too.I do n't recomend this , but i give it 2 stars out of 5 not for it being based on Kurt but in general it had a good idea and thats about it .
 I just watched Gus ' Van Sant 's Last Days . I do n't know why Gus would want to put his name right in the title , but whatever . I enjoy watching `` arty '' and slow moving films , but this movie was pretty dang slow . Do you enjoy watching trees in movies for a full minute ? Do you enjoy watching half of a boys to men video on someone else 's tv ? How about a car driving down a street for a while ? well then , my friend , this movie is for you . I mean , I can handle watching a guy make mac and cheese , but trees ? for a really long time ? no thank you.So the movie is about a guy named blake , but the back of the movie said it was inspired by kurt cobain , which is the reason i rented the flick . They make a guy who looks , talks -LRB- mumbles -RRB- and dresses like cobain , but his band members do n't look like the guys like nirvana . Why not ? Oh yea , apparetly his band members are bi sexual cause they take their shirts off and start making out ... barf.I 'm sorry , I did n't take everyone else 's advice and skip watching this movie , but it looked interesting and I really wanted to see it . And Gus directed Goodwill Hunting , one of my favorite movies , so I thought I could possibly like it , but no . If you are interested , I suggest renting it , just to see it , but do n't expect much , AND DON `` T BUY IT !!!!!
 Are you in the mood for a movie as slow as molasses ? Do you have a hankering for a mumbling , stumbling , celluloid hero that wanders around the house and gets lost in the woods ? Then this film is for you.The only review that will do justice to this movie is a mumbling incoherent one , just like the flick . A little Q&A ; : Q So how 'd you like the movie?A Mmmf Pongloramin.Q What did you think of Blake/Cobain ? A Alch Himlimsh.Q Thank you very much.A Yelcum Bermush.I think Van Sant and crew must 've filmed this as a practical joke . He must 've thought , `` Gee , I have one more movie left in my contract . I think I 'll just wing it . No script , no dialogue , let 's just hang out at a swank college in upstate New York and soak up some indie/underground rock . '' Maybe they did it at Bard College . Bard/Blake -- get it?I will say that the music video is a lot better than the movie . It 's a hilarious parody of Nirvana that 's funnier than Weird Al Yanchovic -- but then again , Al is n't that funny . That video is more of a tribute to Kurt than this sorrowful excess of cinematic depression.If Van Sant had intended to punish his audience by ensconsing them within the mind of Kurt so they can experience his psychotic depression , he should 've kept that deleted drum scene and expanded the dolly shot zooming in on his `` performance '' in the dark , dank room of the house.In the meantime , it 'll have to do as a picture for hangover recovery .
 This movie was the worst movie Ive ever seen , Waste of 90 mins of time . I wish I could get paid for the time I wasted watching it.And no I `` get It `` It is not art .
 I have to say that I am a pretty big Kurt fan . I was excited when this movie came out because I felt it might actually be pretty good . The only good thing I can say about this movie was that the actor looked semi-like Kurt , and thats it !! It was a def . bummer and I had to pull myself through it !! I really cant understand why we cant just leave him alone !! Hes a great artist with a great band ! The legend should be left to rest in peace !! Kurt 's probably turning in his grave over this . If you have ever read anything about him you would know this is not what he would have wanted !! All in all take my word for it , this is a waste of money and time !!
 This was a good movie from an artistic perspective , like what everyone else said so far -LRB- very very slow , quiet etc. -RRB- . However only one person mentioned the fact that there is a gay scene . There is a gay scene ! By gay scene I mean two guys making-out on a bed.I I guess it could be worse , but -LRB- being hetero -RRB- I had a hard time accepting it 's connection to Kurt Cobain . I Just have to make sure you all know what you 're getting in to .
 Ah , Gus Van Sant . I trusted him when I saw Elephant at my local indie theatre . Then when I spent 8.50 on a film where people walk around and when it finally gets interesting , it ends I was just pissed . I spent 1:30 of my time on it and got nothing out of it . You ca n't even quote a scene because nothing interesting was said.Now onto Last Days . I feel so bad for Kurt Cobain because he was a smart man that lead a messed up life mixed with drugs . I feel even worse that Gus decided to make something based on his life and make him look retarded . The point is NOTHING HAPPENS !! I put my faith that something would happen , but it 's pointless talk and scenes . If I wanted to watch people walk around mumbling to themselves I would , but I do n't watch movies for that . I watch them to be entertained . I was far from that.This movie is SOOOOO slow . So painfully slow . Hardly any dialogue . Almost no music , no thought , no talent . Anyone that says this movie is great is just trying to be artsy . Minimalists that think linear plots are interesting . Well they can have them . Wan na watch a good indie movie ?? Watch the Chumscrubber , Broken Flowers , or ANYTHING else . PLEASE DONT WASTE YOUR TIME BECAUSE NOTHING HAPPENS !!
 It is very rare that i am motiveted to waste my time typing a review on the internet and when it does occur , i am either copletely enamored or just plain ill . This stinker committed to celluloid makes my blood boil ... not so much the film i guess , but rather all the TRITE reviews that are regurgitated by smitten lapdogs of either van zant or cobain . While there is a pleasing amount of beautiful cinematography throught the film and blatant loyalty to a minimalistic approach , this film was the purest dose of boredom that would make anyone pray for death . Arthouse ... farthouse ... the only way this film could come close to being considered succesful is if it were claimed to be a conceptual piece with intent to put everyone , including houseplants , into a coma . These nut-huggers that rave about how BRILLIANT this trash is , need to lay off the injectables . All of this trainwreck could have easily been reduced to a much shorter film that would probably been much less offensive to the art of film making . I would rather be forced to watch a 72 hour Gigli marathon than have to sit thru one more viewing of this absolutely stankalicious project ... blah blah blah !!!! Next we 'll be lacing up the doc martens to go hunt for Blakes grave site . I have found the POOP , but where is the ART ??? I gave ONE STAR because that is the lowest ranking that can be given . HATE ON THAT !!!
 This movie is horrible . Do n't waste your money buying it or even renting it . COme on , 5 minutes of him staring at something , doing nothing ? Or 5 minutes of watching the grass blowing in the wind ? Art or not , it sucked horribly .
 Absolute worst movie that I have ever seen , I never write movie reviews but this was so bad and hopelessly boring that I felt obligated to say something ... Heres the movie
 This movie is poor . Very poor . It seems like some art student got ahold of the idea to do a movie about Kurt , and `` went to town '' with the idea . This movie has NO dialog . I kid you not , NO dialog . I understand what they are trying to do ... show all the `` strife '' and `` pain '' Kurt went through with his drug addiction , but this movie draws it out for hours ... with no plot . And to any Kurt Cobain novice will have no idea what the hell is going with this movie .
 You may call them a death-in-real-life trilogy from Gus Van Sant . After ` Elephant ' and ` Gerry ' both based on the events that really happened in the real life , now comes another one
 After the initial coolness and novelty of seeing a well-cast actor portraying Kurt Cobain on film wears off , you begin to start assuring yourself
 I have yet to rate anything 1 star on Amazon , but this movie deserves it . I do n't mind obtuse art films , in fact I usually enjoy them , but this was a waste of 96 minutes ! The main character mumbles through the whole movie inaudibly . If you do n't know the Kurt Cobain story pretty well , upon which this is loosely based , do n't go to this movie for help with the tragic true story-you 'll be lost . You do n't know who or in what relation to Blake -LRB- Cobain -RRB- the characters have or of what importance they are . The private investigator for instance is pretty important , as was with the real life investigator in Cobain 's story-but you 'd be unable to tell that from this film . Why are these freeloaders in Blake 's house ? Who are they?Cobain actually left a drug rehab in California and was missing for 7 days before found dead in his garage in Washigton state of an apparent suicide . The only clue you have for this rather important bit of information , is the hospital bracelet around the wrist of the character Blake -LRB- Cobain -RRB- . Van Sant takes terrible advantage of his viewer-I do n't mind working a little to understand the story of a film or book but the writer/director has to throw a bone to their viewer/reader . Van Sant does n't through the whole film-his style is self serving and egotistical , the title alone speaks to that-Gus Van Sant 's Last Days ?? Puhleese . I though the film was supposed to be based on Kurt Cobain.You care nothing about any of these characters , know nothing about them . Kurt Cobain deserved a better story , fictionalized or not . His is the classic , sad , tale of the junkie artist so I was hoping for a Sid & Nancy type tragic junkie bio story or even a fictionalized piece that 's rough and vulgar like Trainspotting was . Folks there 's nothing here-this was a lousy film with a waste of some good actors like Lukas Haas -LRB- boy in Witness -RRB- . I must however compliment Michael Pitt -LRB- Blake -RRB- , for his incredible body movements and portrayal of a very stoned person it was impressive and at times sadly funny-it 's just a shame you could n't hear his lines .
 This is the story of the last days of Kurt Cobain 's life . Though he ca n't really be called Kurt Cobain , because Courtney might sue . So we have him depicted as Blake - a successful rock star who just wants to be left alone . He urinates in a stream , he eats noodles and he runs away whenever he sees someone at his door . His house is populated with hangers-on and drug-fiends , and just in case you did n't get that - the song Heroin by The Velvet Underground plays . Blake is depressed and can not be bothered with life - but he has more costume changes than a Mariah Carey concert here . Remember Kurt in the red and black striped sweater ? He wears it in the film . Remember him in the black dress ? He wears it in the film . The hunting cap ? Yep ! He wears it here.This film is so incredibly tedious that it almost becomes offensive . It is as if the director has tried to mirror Kurt 's obvious depression and boredom in the film-making . We even get a 30 second shot of a tree at one point - for no apparent reason . Let me get this out of the way - I am a huge Nirvana fan . I am a huge fan of movies . I prefer slow , thoughtful films over Hollywood blockbusters . All I ask from a director is that he move me in some way . Any way ! Make me laugh a little . Make me cry . Make me gasp in awe just once at how beautifully framed a shot is . If the rest is substandard I can forgive them , as long as there is something to justify me having sat through their movie . Just do something within 93 minutes that I can take away with me . The main problem is this
 boring . just plain boring . I highly doubt that Kurt was this boring in real life . There 's no dialogue for like the first 30min of the movies . Michael Pitt seemed like he was trying wayyy too hard to capture the `` spirit '' of Kurt . The pace of the movie is just way too slow to keep an active mind 's attention . I fell asleep on it for the fourth time now . The movie feels like its trying too hard to convey the sadness and depression , Kurt may have felt in real life . I really think Kurt would laugh at this movie . There is significant proof that he did not commit suicide , for example , when his body was found , the shotgun was on his chest with the ejection port to the right of his body , the spent shell casing was on the left of his body , how is that possible ? Also the pen that he wrote the supposed suicide note with has none of his fingerprints on it . Kurt was leaving Nirvana , if you dig deep enough , -LRB- im still finding new , info , music , the story really is very very deep and complex -RRB- you will find that out . In `` Been A Son '' -LRB- which is a much better movie , with Kurt acutally in it -RRB- he said he quit Nirvana at least 4 times in the months leading to his death . Michael Stipe said that most of Kurts music would have been quieter with lots of stringed instruments had he lived . From studying his music he seems very suicidal , especially `` In Utero '' but I think he was trying to scare his fanbase off . I used to think he commited suicide but after a lot of different info it seem he was either a victim of his wife , or the music industry -LRB- no further police investigations sounds like somebody paid somebody -RRB- or possibly both . They should have college courses on Kurt Cobain instead of Tupac Shakur at least Kurt was threatening violence on people . Anyway this is one of the worst movies i 've ever seen , and just buy `` Been A Son '' if you 're interested in the Cobain era . It 's Kurt in his own words .
 This movie is the worst most boring movie of Michael Pitt 's that I have seen . The story is totally dull and boring and hardly any serious and sensible dialogue . Only strange shots of Pitt alone talking to himself and interacting for only a about a minute with one of two of the characters . There was hardly any suspense or spice to this movie . Just downright boring . Do not waste your money or time on this flick . Ai n't worth it . Pitt has done much better roles , his best work , FUNNY GAMES .
 This movie seems like an exploitation on an idea of what Kurt Cobain 's last days may have been like . In the end , it is boring , long , slow , and completely ridiculous .
 A young man named Blake , played by Michael Pitt -LRB- Dreamers , The Village -RRB- who is incredibley believeable , mumbles and bumbles in his last days of life . He writes music on the side , he eats cereal , passes out watching Boys 2 Men while he wears a black dress , he makes macoroni and cheese , avoids a friend who has brought a Detective , played by Ricky Jay -LRB- Boogie Nights , Men In Black -RRB- , who is looking for him , his friends dont want to spend the rest of their days sitting in a non-heated place ... even his friend Scott , played by Scott Green complains of the heat ... asking him if he can borrow some money and he wants one of those `` Jet-Heaters '' . Blake even goes to a punk rock show where a friend babbles about playing Dungeons & Dragons with Jerry Garcia -LRB- I thought that was funny because I used to play D&D back in the day . . I know I 'm a geek ... hoorah -RRB- and in the end Blake eventually dies in greenhouse . Gus Van Sant uses some pretty interesting camera work but some of them take to long . . Boys 2 Men video being one of them , a part where the camera pans away from the estate while we see Blake in the window and so on and so forth . It 's a quiet film ... ment to be that way and it also is supposed to be about the last days of Nirvana lead singer Kurt Cobain ... Van Sant just changed the name to Blake and the greenhouse was in Seattle but here it is in New York . This is a Gus Van Sant movie period ... but I was a little disappointed in it ... the story drags on and the actors seem bored out of their mind . Also starring Asia Argento -LRB- Land of the Dead , xXx -RRB- , Lukas Haas -LRB- Long Time Dead , Mars Attacks ! and Sonic Youth 's Kim Gordon . You 're either gon na hate this , be very disappointed in this , think its ok or even love it to death .
 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! I have never EVER been soooooooo BORED in all my life ! I found myself talking out loud to my television screen , saying things like ... `` JUST BLOW YOUR BRAINS OUT ALREADY YOU KURT COBAIN WANNABE ! WE ALL KNOW HOW THIS ENDS ! `` If any of you buyers are curious about this film I 'll give you some advice . HIT THE BACK BUTTON ON YOU COMPUTER SCREEN RIGHT NOW AND DON `` T LOOK BACK ! Do n't buy this film , do n't even rent this film , hell ... do n't even steal this film ! IT 'S THE WORST !
 Unfortunately this is supposed to be inspiration for the last days of Kurt Cobains life . Leave it to this jackass who sold out to everything Kurt Cobain was n't . Let alone this story was told from someone whom never met the man . Merely this movie was from someone who watched `` The Doors '' too many times . What a waste , another person selling out to the all mighty dollar trying to make his film career . I 'd recommend buying any album from Nirvana if you want to know the true singer in the shadows .
 One of the worst films I 've ever had the misfortune of sitting through . Actually I turned it off after about an hour ... I do n't know why I waited that long . Kurt was such an interesting and enigmatic person , a movie should have been made to pay respect to him or give something of a behind-the-scenes look at him . This movie basically shows Kurt as a wasted heroin addict with nothing more to offer or say or do ; lazy film making , terrible camera work . Seriously if you rent this movie after reading this review you have no one to blame but yourself . Literally one of the worst movies ever wasted on film .
 Sadly , Gus Van Sant has stopped directing movies . Instead he has become a supervisor of filming . In the DVD supplemental documentary , the cast goes on and on about how wonderful it was to get to be so creative and work without a script . They rave about how much they loved the improvisation and about how great it was that they were CREATING a work of art . In the end , they did n't create anything but a nauseating bore.I turned the subtitles on just so I could understand what `` Blake '' was muttering -LRB- it was n't worth reading so I turned them back off -RRB- . The film tries to offer insight into the Kurt Cobain like character but I fail to see how watching him make Macaroni and cheese or crawl around on the floor for five minutes or mumble unitelligable monologues offers an audience anything . GET OVER YOURSELF GUS and start making real films again instead of trying to pass this garbage off as ` ART ''
 i watched this movie beginning to end and was discusted , if you are a kurt cobain/nirvana fan you will hate this movie . im just glad that hes already dead , cause if he wasnt then this movie might be the thing to push him over the edge to suicide again . kurt cobain was a very inteligent , outgoing person and who ever this guy is in the movie is a toxic waste of life . i can go on forever but ive wasted too much time with this movie and thinking about it so i will stop now so as to not waste more time in my life .
 Boring , boring , boring . My g/f -LRB- a Nirvana fan -RRB- and I watched this film together on a Sunday afternoon . Please save your time and money , do not watch this film .
 HEYY I HAT THIS MOVVIE BUT I JSUT HADDED TO COREKCTS SOM GLARINGG ERRURS IN TEH REVIEW B4 MEHIS NAME IS SPELLT WITH A 'S ' NOT A ` Z ' DUMBY !!! OH BY THE WAY THIS MOVVIE SUX A LOT DONT SEE IT UNLESS UR GAY CUZ THEY GAY KISS IN IT SO ITS HOT
 very very bad movie ... if you watch this you 'll be dissapointed ... if you buy it you 'll be wasting you money . If you recommend this you are the anti-christ .
 I caught this movie a while ago while it was playing still playing at the theater . I was very saddened by how dissapointing it turned out to be . I 'm sorry , Michael Pitt is the wrong choice to play Kurt Cobain -LRB- even if this is just inspired after the famous late musician -RRB- . The trouble is , I do n't think anyone could really play Kurt . I suppose there are people in this movie -LRB- Kim Gordan of Sonic Youth and the director Gus Van Sant -RRB- who actually knew Kurt while he was alive , so they know something I do n't obviously . Regardless of the mis-casting , in my opinion , the film is terribly slow and ultimately kind of pointless . We already know how it 's going to end -LRB- like with `` Elephant '' -RRB- but the same director asks that he keep our attention spans going till the end to satisfy his obsession with these real life tragic outcomes . I admire Van Sant 's lofty goal to create a piece of cinema to attribute to my hero Kurt , but it just falls short in the end .
 Do not waste your time viewing this . The first half hour has virtually no dialogue , just images of Blake -LRB- meant to be Cobain -RRB- wandering through the woods and his home . There is a cast of `` freeloaders '' living with Blake , none of whom add anything to the film what so ever . If you are expecting to see a biopic on Cobain , this movie offers nothing of the kind . Blake spends most of the film in a stuppor , and the only part remotely interesting is a bizarre visit from a represenative of the Yellow Pages attempting to get an add renewal for a locomotive Co. . Blake was advertising . Fans of movies like The Doors and Almost Famous will certainly feel the dissapointment that I did .
 I likedElephant
 I ca n't make up my mind , this is an awful movie to watch , but in reality probably quite close to the truth of how the last few days of a man about to kill himself is likely to have been . There are no suprises , no meaningful insights . If Gus Van Sant was trying to guess what the last few days of a drug addicted , depressed man may have been like , that being
 This was absolutely one of the most miserable experiences I have ever had watching a film . It was garbage . I ca n't believe Gus Van Zant put this `` thing '' out . I am a fan of both Van Zant and Nirvana , but this was trash . I had to stop it halfway through to take a breather because of its awful , empty content . Blake , the main character , mumbled through the five lines he had throughout the entire movie . There was really no acting except for some moron pretending to be Kurt Cobain running around the woods like a fool . I understand that this film is based on Kurt Cobain 's life , but it 's somewhat obvious that Michael Pitt is portraying the artist . The only people who would give this film more than one star are those who believe that they are arthouse snotty intellects , and those who are trying to find themselves and think that this film has an artistic quality . It has no content , no quality , and should not be classified as an `` artsy '' film . It should be considered trash and tossed into the 99 cent bin at your local Walmart . Do not buy , rent , or go anywhere near this pathetic attempt at art .
 I was very exited to see this movie , but my zeal soon turned to bordom and an urge to wretch . Good lord , why the crap make a movie of somebody doing nothing ? I love the arthouse as much as the next geek , but wow . Watch Blake sleep , walk , pee in a river , play a guitar for 5 minutes as the camera pans back in a slow , hackneyed fashion . This movie is for those few dorks who like things that everone else hates , just cause it makes them feel cool or hip . Gus knows this and marketed it well for them . I do n't know why he had to drag the rest of us down with it . Hey ! How about a disclaimer !! `` THIS MOVIE IS FOR ANGST-RIDDEN SHUT-IN 'S AND ART SCHOOL DROP-OUTS ONLY . NOT FOR PUBLIC CONSUMPTION !! '' I especially like how the postive reviews are all about how great the cinemaphotgraphy is . Whoopie ! Way to hold that camera dude !! If I want to see good cinemaphotography I 'll whatch `` March of the Penguins '' . I 'm a huge Nirvana fan and I got nothing out of this flick . I would shoot myself in the face too if Lucas Haas and Scott Green were making out in my house . I want my $ 4.00 back from Blockbuster and the 2 hours of my life back . Ugh . Sorry Kurt , I 'm going to go listen to Incesticide now.ZERO stars really . God this movie sucks .
 Gus Van Zant should really be ashamed of himself for producing this film . Visually , sure , it is great looking . However , his vision of this Kurt Cobain Character is nothing more than a stumbling mumbling half wit with no personality or reason for being on screen . This movie is an insult to the Real Cobain , Nirvana , and all of the Nirvana fans . AVOID THIS MOVIE AT ALL COSTS . It is garbage and has absolutely no business even being mentioned in the same breath as Nirvana , Cobain , or music in general .
 No other way to put it . Van Zandt and his crew came off like a bunch of no talent , Bohemian Pre-Madonnas . A venture into artistic self indulgence . One of the worst movies , if not the worst movie I have ever seen . I want my 90 minutes back . You can keep the money .
 Last Days was easily the worst movie I have seen since Eight Heads in a Duffle Bag . From start to finish , it was disjointed and each scene was entirely too long . In fact , I watched the last 30 minutes of the move in 10x speed and did n't miss a thing!Van Sant did not establish any kind of connection with the characters . You do n't really even know Blake is a troubled musician -LRB- as it says in the synopsis -RRB- until half way through the movie , so you spend time watching him mope around the house in , what appears to be , a drug-induced stupor . But you really do n't know what 's wrong with him and it 's not very interesting to watch.I had high hopes for this movie , especially after watching the making of it in the Special Features section , but it was a complete waste of time .
 Once again , for the third time in a row after Gerry and Elephant , Gus Van Sant has forced me to be a part of his personal exploration of film . He has an uncanny ability to make ninety minutes seem like days . It seems that his direction is no longer about getting his audience to have a reaction , but instead it 's now entirely about his selfish desire for different film techniques and experimentation.Last Days is a fictional account of what may have happened during Kurt Cobain 's final days . What happens in the life of a rock star right before he blows his head off ? Apparently , it includes running through the woods , cooking macaroni and cheese , and stumbling around the house incoherently with a shotgun . That 's it.Kurt 's character , Blake , played by Michael Pitt , has absolutely no meaningful dialogue with anyone in the movie . The closest he comes is when a yellow pages salesman tries to sell him some ad space in his book . This is a 10 minute scene about ad space in a phone book . What does this have to do with anything ? Much like the rest of the activity in the movie , absolutely nothing.The sub-characters around Blake are so thin they feel like unnecessary backdrops . They offer very little dialogue or purpose in the film other than to add some color and a few humorous scenes . It 's never explained who these people are , if they 're members of Blake 's band or just friends . They 're more annoying than anything when the fascination in the movie lies solely on Blake 's character . Pitt does a nice job of mumbling this character around and truly capturing Kurt 's mannerisms and paranoia . Somewhere in the middle of the random stumbling , mumbling and walking around , there 's a scene from the outside of a window where on the inside Blake begins to mix music . He starts a guitar riff , loops it , starts another , loops it and within seconds a song unfolds , an introduction to the first music of the film and good enough to be on any of Nirvana 's albums . This was one of the few enjoyable scenes that allowed me to travel back to the days of grunge and think about the genius of this guy that put a hole in his head . Still , even with these tiny moments of brilliance , Blake 's movements become repetitive and tired as does the search for anything interesting in this film.In a way , I admire Van Sant 's minimalism in picture and dialogue . With this film , it creates a tension that forces the viewer to participate emotionally . On the other hand , the dialogue is so sparse , it becomes nearly impossible to connect with any of the characters . At the end of the movie I have to laugh when `` Written and directed by Gus Van Sant '' appears . Written ? What did you write Gus ? I 'd love to see this screenplay . Blake walks through the woods . Blake puts on a dress . Blake mumbles . Other people get high and run around the house ignoring Blake . Blake dies . The end . Brilliant . This might be funny if I was joking , but there is no script for this movie . The actors literally make up their own dialogue.Last Days may be a pointless experiment in film and seemingly a complete waste of time , but there 's a mysterious quality about it that makes it not totally worthless . Van Sant 's mastery of the camera and continuous shot allows the film to breathe in a way that sometimes makes the viewer feel tingly . While he takes advantage of his power to captivate audiences with what seem like 20-minute-long real-time moments of Blake staring into space , I find it hard not to take this time to put myself in this character 's shoes . Could this be the point ? Is there something to be learned after all ? If the scene was n't followed by a random gay sex scene with Lucas Haas and some other junky , I 'd say yes . The fact is that although there are some clever and redeeming scenes , there just is n't enough material here to make up anything other than an artistic display of fine camera work.I have n't given up on Van Sant , just yet . He 's done some terrific work in the past and I still believe he 's a fantastic director . From now on , however , I 'll stick to the movies where he 's let someone else do the writing .
 I do n't understand how anyone could enjoy this movie . All these arthouse film students think this is interesting for the sheer fact that it employs unusual cinematography and moves at a snails pace ... very artsy , but enjoyable ? no ! I 've never considered myself as a diciple of grunge but I have had every nirvana CD and several books on Cobain and I can honestly say kurt would not have liked this movie at all !! and too think that people would have the audacity to make such a horrible film `` based '' on him -LRB- they should have said `` ripped off from the life of kurt cobain '' I mean the main character even has his red and grey striped sweater ! -RRB- kurt hated poseurs , he hated mainstream media and fame . . this movie was created by a poseur , trying to bring it mainstream and create fame for himself ... BTW ` Elephant ' also sucked , so avoid that one too kids !! and the acting ... the acting is horrible in both films ... it 's almost like they made the acting bad to exacerbate the film to the point where people would think `` This is genius ! , it 's so bad that it 's actually good ! , how artistic !! `` No , not artistic these films suck!bottom line Kurt just wanted to be left alone , for the love of God can we just leave him alone . . just let Kurt rest in peace and quit trying to make money off of the poor man.oh yea I want the 90 minutes of my life back ! ... Wait ! I ca n't stop ! , I really need to convey to you that this film is horrible ... it 's a travesty ! , It 's blasphemous and it 's boring and it made me physically sick !!! . . this movie should burn in movie hell !!! right along with ` Elephant ' !
 Gus Van Sant has to be one of the least creative directors alive today . He has somehow come to beleive that excruciatingly long periods of nothing somehow amount to dramatic tension or some sort of abstract artistic significance , when actually all that does is create bland , empty movies . I usually really enjoy movies that are stripped down to the bare essentials -LRB- Jim Jarmusch ? -RRB- , but Van Sant simplifies his films in ways that are just clumsy and far from interesting -LRB- an extended shot of a bush moving in the wind ? Come on , man -RRB- . The movie itself , as you probably can tell by now , is `` inspired '' by the last days of Kurt Cobain 's life . Kurt Cobain apparantly spent his last days wandering through a forest and placing ads in the yellow pages , if you follow Van Sant 's account of what happened . There are also extremely forced references to religion and buisness that are not only painfully obvious , but insulting to the viewer , as is the way the eventual suicide is handled . Van also Sant needs to learn some new tricks , because his standard `` half an hour of small talk , '' `` random gay couple , '' and `` show the same scene at two or three different points in the movie '' tricks are not only expected from anyone who has seen any of his other films , but incredibly lazy on his part.To be fair , Last Days is ever-so-slightly more watchable than his other movies because there is at least a sense that something , sooner or later , might happen . Unfortunately , nothing ever does . Watching the `` making of '' featurette on the DVD also confirms what I suspected all along , that the whole film was more or less made up as they went along . While all that `` experimentation '' may have been liberating experience for the actors , it 's a painfully dull one for the viewers . There 's nothing poetic at all about the film , it 's a hack job done by an egotistical director , and actors delusional enough to believe it all adds up to something profound , or at least vaguely artistic . In reality , it works great as a sedative , but completely fails as a decent movie . And how this is supposed to honor or pay tribute to Kurt Cobain is a question that is best left unanswered . Avoid .
 TEARS of anger.tears of anger that is.i think kurt deserves more respect than this boring movie.I am hoping that in a near future , One director would have thecourage to make a film based on Tom Grant 's investigation.WATCH COURTNEY AND KURT INSTEAD , DONT WASTE UR MONEY.Justice for kurt . we miss u and love u.
 NO COMMENTS , JUST DONT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK , STARING AT A WALL FOR 2 HOURS WOULD BE MORE INTERESTING .
 Have you ever watched a movie and at the end of it you literally say out loud , `` Wow , there goes 2 hours of my life that I 'll never get back . '' Well that pretty much sums up Last Days . This movie was beyond boring and completely with out plot . I mean , my God , we spend the first five minutes watching the whacked out druggy swim , stare at fire , and hum the theme to Bonanza . Need I say more ? The one redeeming quality this movie did posses however was the music . The scene shot from a far looking in the window in on Blake was attention grabbing but that really only lasted for about 3 minutes . Save yourself the time and watch something else .
 I have never been so compelled to review anything until I watched the movie Last Days yesterday evening . The movie was about absolutely nothing . The character who is supposed to be Cobain just mumbled , walked around , and passed out the entire movie . It was awful and a complete waste of my time . I was seriously angry after watching it , because I stayed up to watch it . How does this crap ever make it ?
 Would n't it have been nice if the _ not _ Kurt had gone with Kim Gordon ? He could 've been a member of the family . How cool would that be to have Kim Gordon and Thurston Moore as parents ? Kurt could have sat on the floor surrounded by kittens , making drawings of sperm and embryos with crayons.this over indulgent pile might as well have been about nothing at all , instead ol' Gus decided to cash in on Kurts name . the real question is , why not ? everyone else did .
 What is it with you people ? Ca n't you just realize that these were two excellent bands -LRB- much different I might add -RRB- but both paved the way and influenced SO many bands to come . Why ca n't you all just accept the fact that they were great ? I am an enormous Pearl Jam fan , but I 'm not blind in that Nirvana was a great band . Nirvana was n't overrated , but Kurt Cobain was . Are we that blind to realize how much musical talent Dave Grohl has -LRB- and not to mention the fact that he has a little fun being famous -RRB- ? But yet over and over again we 're faced with the idea that Kurt Cobain was the only reason Nirvana was a band . I would n't say in a million years that Eddie Vedder is Pearl Jam . Eddie is as far from fake , I might add , as you can get . He ca n't be blamed for the `` one-after-another '' copycat bands to follow -LRB- like Creed , STP , Nickelback etc. -RRB- . He is n't responsible for that . It 's like blaming Red Hot for rap-metal , or Nirvana for Puddle of Mudd . It 's absolutley ridiculous . Accept the fact that Eddie is a wonderful musician and deal with it . Fake ? What fake artists fights Ticketmaster to support his fans , sells every bootlegged cd for his fans -LRB- you think the Fargo , ND bootleg really makes him a lot of money ? -RRB- , participates in Hurricane Katrina relief , Tibetan relief , the ONE organization , and a number of other foundations . How often did `` Oh I 'm so sad because I 'm famous '' Kurt Cobain offer help to the poorly deprived ? Face it idiots ! They were both great artists and there should be enough room -LRB- if your a fan of one of the other -RRB- in your heart for both of them . And Eddie Vedder overrated ? Please , he 's had to live in Kurt 's shadow since his suicide made him a `` pop culture '' icon ! -LRB- think Biggie and Tupac . Did you listen to them before they were shot ? Nope . -RRB- And to the idiot that argued `` pop culture '' ... it is pop culture you putts ... it does n't mean they were pop music . Amen to the Seattle sound . I support it all . Pearl Jam , Nirvana , Soundgarden , Alice , Mudhoney , the Screaming Trees , and Sonic Youth . It was all B-E-A-utiful ! By the way , I have n't seen this movie but Gus rocks ! I have heard some bad things about this one though .
 Whether or not this movie is based on Kurt Cobain it is still the most boring and horrendous film I have ever seen . In fact , I could watch it all the wat through because nothing happened . Sorry Gus your career has gone out wirh a bang .
 Do n't waste your time watching this movie . It 's time out of my life that I will never get back . My thought , after it was all over , was how could he not be thoroughly embarrassed having something this incredibly useless out for public consumption with his name on it ? Unless you 're obsessed with Curt Cobain and would watch anything remotely having to do with him , just do n't bother .
 Gus Van Sant should seriously deal with his homosexuality issues before making another film.Just as ELEPHANT failed me , LAST DAYS , failed me to the core . This movie has no point . I was an hour into the film still waiting for it to start . Then I am thrown into a homosexual scene that has no point . Van Sant must seriously despise Homosexuals . Or is totally ashamed to be one himself , Or just likes to get off by casting young handsome men and then make them go at it to satisfy his perverted fantasies . This film which I believe was supposed to be the retelling of musical genius Kurt Cobain 's last days -LRB- Michael Pitt is the only saving grace to this film , he is Cobain to the core . HE is terribly convincing , looks wise -RRB- But if you really want to know what Cobains Last Days were like you will not find out from this film . It has no point at all . Micheal Pitt is gloriously beautiful in any role that you put him in . Van Sant did one thing right by casting him . But I was completely failed once again by Van Sant who first failed me with the retelling of the Columbine Shootings in his Homosexual self serving ELEPHANT . I would be completely surprised if the remaining members of Nirvana were not completely offended by by the exploitation of their lives as nothing but meaningless . This film is terrible , I can not stress that enough . I just wanted to throw it out immediately after viewing and write to Gus Van Sant demanding the Twenty Bucks back that I spent on this DVD .
 Because the first time you watch it will undoubtly be your last as well . Overall I believed I was going to be watching a movie loosely based on the life of Kurt Cobain leading up to his death.Instead what I was `` graced '' with is Blake -LRB- Kurt -RRB- sitting in a creek , sitting by the lake , sitting against a door and so on and so on . Half the time you 're just looking at a still object with no characters on screen . There was a plot somewhere in there too but with all the MUMBLING you might miss it . Not to mention that there is n't that much dialogue to begin with.I would n't recommend this movie to Nirvana/Kurt Cobain fans.This movie bored me tears , I barely finished it .
 This movie was by far the worst I have ever seen , I had to fast forward most of it , as it was painfully drug out . You would be better off constipated , sitting on the throne with a comic book instead of watching this load of garbage.Eastcoast Phil.TCBRN .
 First off I would like to say that I love Nirvana 's music I have every CD , but I really hated this movie . Kurt would be really disappointed someone even made a movie about him and he would probably be more pissed that it sucked . He was an extreamly talented musician and he deserves to be remembered way better than the way the decided to portray him . I also beleive he did not kill himself but was murdered . Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth , also a very good band , recently stated she beleives kurt was murdered . The fact is though that Gus Van Sant made a terrible movie . Anyone of you trying to force yourselves into beleiving you like this movie do n't cheat yourselves you know it was so bad no one could really enjoy it . Even if you are a big fan of Kurt or Van Sant this was bad . If nothing else Kurt tried to teach us to come as we are so do n't try to force yourselves to like a horrible movie for the sale of Kurt or Van Sant . I hope this helped someone.thanks zack
 Ok , I must say I am a huge fan of Nirvana and Kurt 's work , but this film ... it was interesting if you 're willing to sit and watch nothing . This film was about Kurt 's last days and what he did , but it was a terrible thing to watch if your a fan because you get absolutely nothing out of it . Most of the music in the movie was terrible in choice ; the only part of this movie that i liked was the very end scene where the ghost climbs out of the body . This movie did n't hold my interest at all ; it was wandering , mumbling , eating , avoiding . How could you make a film about Kurt Cobain , the man who made grunge , so terrible ? I must say I do n't think any fan of Nirvana should watch this.Also the very end of the movie says : In memory ofKurt Cobain1967-1994This movie should not have been in memory of Kurt .
 It honestly baffles me the sheer number of folks who see artistic merit in creating a film based on the concept of following someone walking around in agonizingly pointless near-silence . This is the second film of this nature from director Gus Van Sant -LRB- `` Elephant '' -RRB- , who seems to disagree with me wholeheartedly in spirit.It 's definitely a thought-provoking film , but not in the sense that was intended ; I thought a lot about what should be on the sandwich I made while Blake wandered around in the woods mumbling for the fourth time.The way I figure , `` Last Days '' should be a difficult meal to digest for most people , but then again , sh*t is always hard to stomach . It runs right through you in near-silence , and after it comes out ... of the DVD player ... you 'll feel much , much better.Though based on the life of Kurt Cobain , lead singer of the rock band Nirvana who committed suicide in April 1994 , `` Last Days '' actually more expertly mirrors in tone and style what I would imagine to be the life of a career college film student . Unfortunately for the rest of us , such people do n't commit suicide a la Blake -LRB- Michael Pitt -RRB- , the main character here , as often as desired , and instead blather on about their hatred of popular culture and entertainment.The anesthetized feel of `` Last Days '' -LRB- and to wit , of `` Elephant '' -RRB- is supposedly intended to evince some sort of intangible feeling such as `` depression '' or `` isolation '' on-screen . And there 's a possibility that on some level , the film succeeds in this , but I would n't know . I grew increasingly more irritated at the film 's lack of action , plot , and even sound , at times . Where it claims to be a selfless portrait , `` Last Days '' is one of the most selfish films ever made , with only marginally more movement than that found in your typical portrait.Lacking any reason to care about the plight of the characters is bad filmmaking no matter what class you take on the subject . I do n't care that Blake is depressed . What I care is WHY , which requires some level of skill , conspicuously absent here , to write and direct.Here , direction , cinematography and writing are an afterthought . In an ironic twist , one of the most important details in shooting `` Last Days '' was probably casting someone who LOOKED enough like Kurt Cobain from behind.In the end , it makes a certain impeccable sense to me that the sort of person who would find `` Last Days '' riveting has never owned a Nirvana album , let alone heard or read something written by Kurt Cobain . But whether you 're a Nirvana fan or not , watching this movie should be about as entertaining as listening to paint dry ... which some find riveting , I 'm sure . -LRB- Though paint might be too mainstream , since so many people enjoy it . -RRB-
 My God , my God , I would be rolling in my grave if I were Kurt Cobain . Gus Van Sant has yet again torn away more moments of my life that I will never get back and all of you producers who are responsible for his flims , stop giving this guy money to make movies , please . It 's like watching a very boring train wreck crashing in slow motion . I mean , it 's interesting for the ten seconds it would happen in real time , but slowed down it gets old pretty quickly . Just get it over with and let us get on with our lives . All the things that I could have done with 96 mintues ... I could have taken a still camera and shot a sequence of under-exposed photos that would have been more interesting than this , 96 of them to be exact , then I could have set them on an exhibit in whatever order I chose , because time sequence does n't matter to me , it 's cooler to be a pseudo visionary , mind you , and have you all stare at each picture for a minute . That would have been a more interesting waste of 96 minutes , how many people can go to their friends and say `` Hey man , I just wasted about an hour and a half of my life staring at these horrible photos ! '' You would be the most indie kid on your block ! Wooo !
 WHAT THE FU * K !!! Who in their right mind would produce a film like this !?! Whoever told Gus Van SUCK that he had talent as a filmaker/director should be shot ! Only HE could manage to make a film based around Kurt Cobain be more boring than the documentaries I was forced to watch in high school science class !! I am an avid movie-watcher , I observe them from many different aspects and points of view , but there is no way around it , this film was by far one of the worst I have seen . The film angles and aesthetics were n't horrible but with NOTHING else going on the entire movie it is the biggest SLEEPER of the year , no LITERALLY . I am so furious with this director for thoroughly wasting over an hour and a half of my life . And I actually painfully stuck with the film until the end just in hopes of some big ending to give the movie a purpose but NOOOO . This movie showed Kurt -LRB- oh wait I mean Blake , they could n't even copyright his name -RRB- as a severly depressed zombie who mumbled to himself here and there -LRB- mostly not even understandable -RRB- and spoke not ONE WORD clearly the entire movie - might as well have been a silent film cuz there was hardly any human contact at all either . The only way this film could have been at all decent is if it was CONDENSED to maybe 5 minutes or so . The 2 second scene of his ghostly figure rising from his body was the only good scene ... There was hardly anything with the suicide note , and NOTHING with drugs , courtney love , or the pulling of the trigger or anything controversial that could have made this film at all interesting . If you 're gon na base it around Kurt F * C * ING DO IT RIGHT !!! I LOVE KURT COBAIN and I 'm sure he was ROLLING IN HIS GRAVE over this god awful movie . Pfffttttt !
 `` Whether you like Nirvana or not , at least you knew you were getting the real Kurt Cobain . `` I knew that ? Thanks for telling me what I knew & what I did n't know . It 's too bad there are n't more people like you in the world to think for people so they do n't have to . Anyways I found it funny you said Eddie was n't the real thing , but Kurt was ... I think a lot of people today think the opposite of that statement , me being one of them . Oh , and no , Nsync would n't be considered the greatest band of all time , because there were still tons of more bands successful , Pearl Jam aswell was more successful ... So you 're either a kid or a fool , obviously . You 're much more likely to find people calling Kurt a phony than Eddie a phony , kid.Why is Pearl Jam being talked about in discussion for a DVD relating to Kurt ? Can anyone explain to me any reasonable excuse for bringing up Pearl Jam in a Nirvana discussion ? It 's like bringing up Leadbelly in a discussion on Blink 182 , I would literally go that far ... Pearl Jam & Nirvana are nothing alike , not even remotely alike ... Grow up & get your brains out of Seattle already.I have seen this movie , it is terrible .
 Maybe this is how Kurt Cobain spent his `` last days '' but this does not mean it is a good film . This is just another stylish psuedo-intellectual art-house film . Gus Van Sant is quickly becoming like Stephen Sodenberg . A guy trying to make cool artsy flicks that seem really deep in meaning to the very niave watcher , but , like Sodenberg , anyone who even bothers to tread deep into an analysis of this film is apt to feel cheated and tricked . Gus Van Sant even attempts to lift the whole significance of the grunge-scene but this movie just seems so contrived and silly . Like it is looking for some significance to everything when there is none . Just buy another Nirvana album . Do n't even bother .
 Brilliant cinematography fails to mend this meditation on the last days of Kurt Cobain . It 's a frustrating experience that can be rewarding , but ultimately leaves you empty .
 The _ not _ Cobain character rambles , mumbles , stutters , attempts to write music and finally manages to kill himself , about five minutes before I was ready to kill myself.Avoid .
 Avoid this film , more INDYWOOD garbage . I liked `` Drugstore Cowboy '' but have n't seen any of the director 's other films so I thought I 'd give this one a whirl . I was a bit suspect because Van Sant seems to use Hollywood stars in his films and this usually equals garbage.It seemed to be all surface , a very heavy subject but lacking any depth or understanding of the issues at hand . Other critics I read were impressed with the style and non-dialog driven aspects of the film . I 'm all for no dialog because talk in film as in life is cheap , but I 'm not into zero content . The characters were cardboard cutouts , cliched stereotypes of the rocker variety . Their acting seemed to be posturing learned by watching bunk like MTV . `` Koyannisquatssi '' or however you spell it has the real deal feel of the power of the purely visual . This film was like looking at a Hallmark nature calendar . `` Venus in Furs '' as a big song -LRB- ? -RRB- where has Thurston Moore been -LRB- ? -RRB- sure it 's great but it was a music video 101 choice , -LRB- yeah the Velvets
 A Homeric nod from the great Gus Van Sant.Just as he made a movie about Columbine -LRB- `` Elephant '' -RRB- that was n't specifically about Columbine , Van Sant has made a film about Kurt Cobain that is n't specifically about Cobain . Blake is a suicidal rock star who skips out on his detox program and heads to a house in the woods where his fellow musician buddies have taken up residence . There he whiles away the time till he finds it in himself to take that inevitable step of crossing over into the great beyond.Let me just state right up front that I believe Van Sant to be one of the most brilliant and innovative of modern filmmakers , and that at least one of his films -LRB- the aforementioned `` Elephant '' -RRB- is one of the truly great films of the 21st Century so far . But `` Last Days '' looks as if it were tossed off by the moviemaker and a few of his friends during a boring weekend in the Poconos -LRB- the film is actually set in Seattle to better gibe with the Cobain storyline -RRB- . Van Sant 's style , which seems to be becoming increasingly idiosyncratic with each film he makes , has here become so internalized and off-putting that he winds up completely alienating even the most tolerant and forgiving member of his admittedly small core audience . The movie basically consists of Blake shuffling around the house muttering and mumbling to himself , sometimes wearing a slip and sometimes toting a large rifle , while various irrelevant people from the outside world - a telephone book adman , a couple of Mormon missionaries - stop by for a visit . With no plot , characterization or conflict to speak of , the film simply evaporates into the ether , leaving us to wonder just why Van Sant felt compelled to make it , and why we should feel any compunction to watch it . Empty of ideas but filled with self-importance , `` Last Days '' is , without a doubt , Van Sant 's least impressive work to date and an `` art film '' in the worst sense of the term . Let 's hope for better things from him in the future .
 I wish all of the characters had died.Gus Van Sant owes me five bucks . Make that ten.I was stupid enough to watch Elephant too.What a self-indulgent knob .
 As others have commented , the dreary humdrum of `` Last Days '' feels more authentic -LRB- and sad -RRB- than a typical Hollywood rendering of the same . I suppose there is art in the sheer guts to make a portrayal so bleak , so real . But having said that , to want to invest 90 minutes of one 's time in such a story , one has to actually care about the protagonists . In this case , there is n't any set-up , no reason to care . In fact , I found myself actively disliking , even loathing the characters -LRB- all of them -RRB- . When the end came , I just did n't care anymore . If this were really what Cobain became like , then his death was n't a tragedy . It was a blessing.Postscript
 This is the worst hunk of doo-doo ever committed to film . How can a director go from something as brilliant as `` Drugstore Cowboy '' to this?If you feel like wasting 2 hours of your life on something completely boring and irrelevant for the sake of `` art '' , then by all means watch this abomination and feel `` enlightened '' . This is the worst example of cinematic masturbation I 've ever sat through .
 Firstly , let 's do away with the myth that this is not a movie about Kurt Cobain . It is dedicated to him , features performances and contributions by his friends Sonic Youth , and recreates iconic Cobain imagery -LRB- his trademark sunglasses and stripy sweater , the paparazzi pictures from the death scene -RRB- . Whether the character is called Kurt , Blake or Anne-Marie makes no difference.All this film says to me is
 the film `` last days '' for me was a one watch wonder . i am unsure if it will ever make it off the shelf and back into the player ...
 Real boring , that is ! -LRB- You see how I did that , right , using the `` keeps it real '' phrase to hook you into reading the next line and then BAM just like Emeril Lagasse -RRB- . An absolutely irredeemable mess from start to finish , and a movie that made me suspect that Mr. Van Sant got lucky with Drugstore Cowboy despite his lack of talent . But that is n't really fair , since he also directed To Die For and Milk , both of which were outstanding . So maybe this was a fluke ; maybe he was hung over the day he made this , since it could n't have taken more than a day to cobble this mess together , right ? It was much easier to make than it was to watch , I 'll tell you that much .
 `` Last Days '' was hailed by the New York Times as `` one of this year 's indisputably great films , '' but I 'm just not seeing it.Director Gus Van Sant does possess a considerable amount of skill , and artistic vision and integrity , as evidenced by classics such as `` To Die for , '' among others . He 's also been the guiding light behind some real turkeys , like `` Even Cowgirls Get the Blues . '' In between , there 's `` Finding Forrester '' and `` Milk . '' `` Last Days '' may be the worst of the lot.Here 's the movie in one sentence
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen . I had to continually watch it because I was falling asleep over and over again . Boring , uninteresting , and bias ! Completely horrible and the only reason I watched it was for my true love of Kurt Cobain ! I would not even give it a star if I had the choice .
 i was expecting at least a pace that would keep me until the end but nada ... except the costumes the movie was blank for me
 From Smother Magazine smother.net : It 's obvious that this movie is supposed to follow Kurt Cobain 's last moments on Earth before he commits suicide . What 's not obvious is how badly this movie views . While I 'm all for creative art films and I 've liked many that most find obnoxious or outright boring , I ca n't stand movies that forget that we 're supposed to be entertained . What director Gus Van Sant -LRB- `` Elephant '' , `` Good Will Hunting '' , `` Drugstore Cowboy '' -RRB- does well is attach the state of loneliness , depression , anxiety , and societal indifference that Kurt must have been going through in his last moments . And certainly that would make this movie special-if it had n't been dragged out for the entire movie . There 's a lack of anything really going on . We watch as he swims in a stream in the opening , then makes a campfire , and then in the morning wanders back to his big house . And just as isolated as he indeed is after his escape from the detoxification center so is the audience . You sit there aimlessly watching a main character be aimless , knowing and anticipating the conclusion , but bored in the wait . Perhaps that 's the irony is n't it ? Our heroes can just be boring dorks that seem oh so majestic when the media props them up but when we peel back the layers we expose them for the sorry excuse that they truly are . It 's just a shame that you have to sit through a movie this intensely boring to figure it out .
 This film drips with pretension . I nodded off during one scene , then awoke to find the same locked-down shot playing out to no consequence . I do understand what was intended here . The mannered pacing is supposed to engage our senses in an unconventional way . If Van Sant was n't a name director , however , people would n't give it a second glance and read into it what is n't there . But that 's how it goes ... certain artists are given license to bend the rules and sometimes it gives a medium a needed break from the conventional -LRB- uh , like Nirvana , irony of ironies -RRB- . But there are other times when people get fooled by the contrived weightiness of a vehicle without a core , as in `` Last Days '' , to not just see it as weak . This is weak .
 Nicely photographed . That 's the end of the good news . Absolutely dreadful script . The main characters stumble around in a stupor and mumble ... scene after scene , after scene . After an hour or so it really gets old . Before buying this film I looked over the customer reviews and saw some people loved it an some people hated it . I had to see for myself . I quickly sided with the people who hated it . Maybe you need to see for yourself and decide .
 One of the reviews on the back on the box said , '' ... Gus Van Sant 's Masterpiece ! '' . What a load of crap that statement is . When I bought this DVD , I was expecting a fictionilized account of Nirvana Lead Singer , Kurt Cobain 's last few days before he committed suicide . What I got was actor Micheal Pitt stumbling around , mumbling to himself , and falling down a lot . Most of the time I could n't hear him at all , and what I could hear did n't make the least bit of sense . I suffered thru this `` film '' -LRB- and I use that term loosely -RRB- , two times . Once to see it for the first time ever , then again with the subtitles on , which let me see what Micheal Pitt was really mumbling to himself . I know that `` Blake '' is supposed to be so messed up on drugs that he does n't know what he 's doing , but it makes for a really bad `` film '' . One other thing , Lucas Haas is in this too , and the Gay scene he has is kinda wierd , it 's like it was just tacked on for no other reason than it 's something Mr. Van Sant wanted and did n't know where else to put it.Overall I give this `` film '' a 2 out of 5 stars . Do n't waste your time with it , go out and get one of the Doc-U-Drama 's made about Kurt Cobain 's Suicide instead . You 'll be glad you did.Silver SurferJan . 7 , 2010Update
 When I sat down to watch ` Last Days '' , I went into it with the fresh perspective of a viewer not already immersed in the talk about it . Being that I was a fan of a few other Gus Van Sant films , it would seem that enjoyment even with the process for which the film was made would warrent some cache . Dead wrong . ` Last Days ' is 96 minutes in which neither the reasons for the main character 's senseless death come to light nor does the film raise the most important question of all bio - or semibiographical films . This question being what made this person facinating to begin with?The long tracking shots that made Van Sant 's last film ` Elephant ' so powerful instead grate on the subject matter here . It effecively shows the interminable feeling that Blake felt with each passing day . Even when questioned by another person about how is day is going , his reply is ' ... just another day ' . Michael Pitt -LRB- Murder by Numbers , The Dreamers -RRB- gives a very nuanced performance as Blake , a Cobain-esque rock musician beyond the brink . He stumbles through this role and mumbles to himself thoughout the whole film , not once actually speaking his thoughts to his friends . Instead , he spends his time avoiding them altogether.As nuanced as this performance is , there is just the smallest feeling that this is just a characture of the real Kurt Cobain . With the use of many of the imagery that we know of Kurt -LRB- the striped sweater , the cardigan , the ladies slip -RRB- , it is clear that Van Sant is only playing with the surface.As the day unfolds , we begin to meet some of the ` friends ' and hangers-on that live with Blake and come into his life . Again , like Blake himself , these characters are n't flesh out enough to understand why they liked him or even cared to be in his company . In fact , they come off as shallow as the surface with which Van Sant paints his story on.There are brief moments in which we get a sense in how much these people care for Blake . The night before Blake is found dead , Luke -LRB- played by Lukas Haas -RRB- stares at him as if he feels concerned . In that moment -LRB- along with with the cameo by Sonic Youth 's Kin Gordon -RRB- do we ever get the feeling that Blake is even thought of.Three other scenes work , in ways , to make this movie seem undeniably purposeless . The party sequence , which the friends dance and sing to Venus in Furs by The Velvet Underground , did not add to the overall message of the film . It , however , catered to the hipster chic of the characters themselves . The scene in which Luke and Scott bed down together I found particularly offensive as a gay man . The scene neither furthered the plot nor gaves us insight into any of the characters . It was merely a cheap shot of a racy moment , using gay sex to be shocking . Unlike its use to open potential areas for discussion in ` Elephant ' , here it seems tacked on . The scene is which Blake 's body is found , Van Sant uses the moment to break for the realism of the film to make a statement of rock worship , with the character 's soul in a nude form assends to heaven.After watching this film , more doubts and questions are raised by it . What made Kurt Cobain such an interesting person begin with ? Did it matter that he died or not ? For those unfamiliar with Van Sant , watch ` My Own Private Idaho ' or ` Elephant ' instead . For those who are fans of Cobain , steer clear altogether . This film , if it does anything , seems to a justification for his suicide altogether
 At the end of this film the audience is informed that what they just watched was inspired by Kurt Cobain 's death , but was completely fictional , as were the characters . Thanks a lot you flippin ' idiot ! If you had told them that at the beginning of the film , they could have found something else to watch.Some questions will be asked by those who are not aware that this film is an `` artsy '' act of self-stimulation on the part of Gus Van Sant : Why are they calling him Blake?What the heck is that mumbling , homeless drug-addict doing in that castle?Dear GOD when is this going to be over ??? My question
 I got interested in this group as I was looking at a U-Tube video that utilized the song `` Lullaby '' from the Bond Classified album as back-drop music . I was so mesmerized by the tune I bought every Bond album there was available as well as this Live video . Unfortunately , for me - all the other songs on all the other albums were nothing like the `` Lullaby '' song and quite honestly , I threw everything else in the trash . This is not to say that the group plays bad music or are untalented in any respect ... This type of Techno-Symphony is just not my speed ... I prefer soft rock as opposed to this .
 not as good as Celtic Woman or Hanley Westenra ... I would say not half good . I can say they have great talent , but artistically ... wrong managed . Stopped watching after 30 min .
 The one time I attempted to watch this concert was immediately after watching `` Miracle '' by the 12 Girls Band -LRB- both concerts were on the same DVD for some odd reason -RRB- . I was able to sit through only a few pieces before having to eject the DVD . While `` Miracle '' showed the 12 Girls Band to be a class act exhibiting skillful musicianship , elegance and femininity , Bond came across like some goofy teenage girls lacking class , elegance and femininity . OK , so they are skillful musicians ; not good enough .
 What 's not to like about four hot chicks shaking their bottoms playing classical music ? `` Victory '' , the song you probably heard in the watch commercial is by far their best song . All the others are not so great . Unfortunately , it gets tiresome after a while , the bottom-shaking and classical music - definitely not something that will stay with us for a while .
 Listen once to `` The 1812 '' and you will understand my one-star rating . The 1812 Overture is , admittedly , a little cheesy , but nothing deserves the treatment Bond give it.Classical instruments do not need a dance beat and electrification to be cool . Listen to anything by the band Apocalyptica , or even Godspeed You ! Black Emperor -LRB- who use celli -RRB- -- there is music out there that pushes the boundaries of traditional classical music , and does it well , without resorting to electronic beats and scantily clad women.If you must order this , order Apocalyptica 's `` Cult '' with it , for purposes of comparison .
 What 's not to like about four hot chicks shaking their bottoms playing classical music ? `` Victory '' , the song you probably heard in the watch commercial is by far their best song . All the others are not so great . Unfortunately , it gets tiresome after a while , the bottom-shaking and classical music - definitely not something that will stay with us for a while .
 This product is good for UK only . To play in USA you need to find a DVD player which has capability for changing Region Code to UK and that you may be able to do it on computer but not on DVD player in USA . I order it in USA , prodact came from Uk and I could n't play it on my most advanced DVD player .
 well i as well saw/heared the DVD playing at a local electronic store and was tempted to buy it.after the first time playing it i was dissapointed to find only a couple notes worthy of listenign to.after the 2nd round the dvd became old.the impressions looked fake and the energy everybodys talking about somehow didnt show on my DVD.to sum it up , i expected something new and exciting and i found an early 80 ` s like band playing on a cheap movie.not really recomended .
 very disapointed in this DVD!it is not live ! they are very obviously faking playing to a recordingthat being said , I enjoy the cds and will probably buy future releases ... but after watching the dvd , it makes me wonder if there is a Milli Vanilli thing going on here
 This will be a short and - I hope - helpful review . Amazon does some really strange things by grouping ALL reviews of a title by the same Studio - i.e. all releaves over the years of a Disney classic . Thin this case I 'm reviewing the September 18 , 2012 release of this film by VCI under their `` Nostalgia Film Factory '' header . If you came to this titled through Amazon and found the 2012 VCI release , please sort all reviews by `` DATE '' . I say that because this release - in it 's released format has not been reviewed before . Sure the `` Star is Born '' 1937 -LRB- which I 'm sure is now Public Domain -RRB- has been reviewed for the story . But be aware that this is not a recently restored print and should not be confused with the release from Kino.VCI does some nice restorations - and I 've reviewed many - but this is not one of them . It 's a `` budget release '' . Also there are lots of BONUS features to make it seem like `` A Night at the Movies '' - a trend Warners Started in the 1970s . In addition to the 150 minute film , there is a 9-minute newsreel -LRB- including America Earhart getting lost -RRB- from Castle Films , A 3-minute `` Grampy '' cartoon and a 24-minute chapter of the serial `` Radio Patrol '' . None of the prints is great . -LRB- Actually the Newsreel is best -RRB- and the Star Is Born print is dark throughout.So , as a budget release , it okay but there are much better prints out there of this film.And ALWAYS sort reviews on Amazon by DATE and compare year of review to the DVD release date so you are reading the review of the title you are looking to buy.Steve Ramm `` Anything Phonographic ''
 Buyers should beware of this video since it is of very poor quality being taken from a less than perfect 16mm . print . We are accustomed to much better prints these days and this one is being sold under false pretence .
 This was the first version of `` Star '' that I 've ever seen . Looking fairly dated , and coming close to the verge of saccharine simplicity , it 's a good picture , not riveting and earth shattering like the Garland version , but it conveys the story nicely and is an ok movie . If you do n't like an emotional , roller - coaster like tear jerker , then this version of Star is for you . Mary Marnie Brown Hair is probably a straight , Judy Garland hating detractor . That poor , culturally deprived lass even thought the Wizard of Oz was a horrible movie . Pity , pity , pity ... If you want , you could get both versions and compare them side by side , performance for performance , and decide which version of `` Star '' is the true # 1 classic . -LRB- on a personal note , I prefer to skip the appetizer and go straight to the meat and potatoes . -RRB- Gaynor and March will entertain you , but their performances will have seemed like charicatures after you 've seen the Garland and Mason version . If you want tame , go with Gaynor . If you want to experience a full gamut of emotions , pretty much a religious experience , than get the Garland verion .
 As with other fans of this classic film , I am greatly disappointed that KINO 'S latest offering is not much of an improvement over previous KINO DVD releases of the film . While the IMAGE/KINO DVDs in 1998 and 2004 were at that time a marked improvement over the myriad of public domain travesties , the elements utilized for this release are only marginally better , despite the HD processing . This is also particularly disappointing when the film 's fan base is aware that a restored print -LRB- by UCLA -RRB- exists.According to a March , 2010 blog-post by NY POST film critic Lou Lumenick , he said , `` Daniel Selznick , son of producer David O. Selznick , told me two years ago that WHV was doing a high-definition transfer of a UCLA restoration of the 1937 original , which has long languished in public-domain hell . '' Lumenick also quoted a Warner rep as saying , `` When we looked at the master of the '37 ' A Star is Born , ' we realized that it really needed , more importantly , deserved a special restoration ... using our Ultra Resolution process to bring out the glorious Technicolor of that film . So rather than it be an add on ... some less than-terrific extra content , we pulled it back so as not to diminish the importance of either versions . `` I suppose it was wishful thinking on my part that KINO would be releasing that long-awaited `` restored '' version . This will be the VERY last version I invest in until either Warner Home Video , Criterion or KINO offers us the ultimate version -- and that will only be when the restored print from the UCLA effort is finally utilized as the source material.Despite 's the Selznick Estate 's stamp of approval , I would suggest people save their money and wait .
 At paying full price at $ 29.99 at Barnes & Noble and reading that it was a restored print from George Eastman House , I was expecting a lot more than what I saw . The DVD from a few years ago was better than this , though still flawed and needing further restoration . I give 2 stars only that the story is still one of the greatest regarding Hollywood of yesteryear . The transfer to Bluray is a shear disappointment , sound & picture , especially when one of the trailers for `` Nothing Sacred '' with Carole Lombard that is included in the Features portion is in so much better shape than this film . That film was restored . Someone needs to call Martin Scorcese , Thelma Schoonmaker & their teams to get this one back into pristine condition . I 'm not wasting money on this classic again until it is fully remastered the way `` Gone With The Wind '' was done . Flawlessly .
 Last week I gave away an Electrolux vacuum cleaner . It was purchased by my mother in New Jersey in 1968 . It cleaned our homes in New Jersey and Florida for 15 years , and it is still functioning perfectly . I only gave it away because today 's lightweight vacs are much easier to tote . I tell this story because there was a time in this country when companies took pride in their products and ripping consumers off was unheard of , or at the very least , it seldom occurred . But the years have passed and companies do n't care about quality anymore . Now it 's all about getting top dollar for inferior products that promise you everything and deliver nothing . Such is the case with Kino 's The Selznick Collection . All five films in this boxed set claim the following
 For all the talk prior to release that this was restored , SADLY IT IS NOT . The print is only marginally better than the Image release of 8 years ago . A restored Technicolor film is sharp with solid colors unlike this washed out mess . Check out WHVs Robin Hood as an example of what this should look like .
 This movie was not restored ! It is the same quality and sound as the DVD I purchased from the dollar bin at WalMart several years ago ! What a disappointment ! I would like to return it , but I am guessing that since the bluray is open Amazon will not take it back . The special feature lasts one minute tops . I ca n't understand why they would release one of the best movies of all time in such terrible condition .
 Steve Reeves.The Hercules-Movies started Reeves ' career and showcase him rather good.The digital quality is dabateble as well as the storyline . It 's almost not worth the time it takes you to watch it .
 Childhood friends who now room together and have an intense , loving bond -LRB- but not the lesbian lover relationship that 's in the product details -RRB- are the focus of this derivitive J-Horror entry from Cinema Epoch . As a fan of most of their releases , something told me this one was n't going to rate high on the production value meter , and I was right . Sometimes , it sucks to be right ... It 's a familiar formula with an over-used storyline akin to dozens of other Asian horror flicks , and it 's a tired one with stretch marks and liver spots that 's been done better many times before . Being shot on video , there 's no room for post-production special effects , which bodes poorly for horror films . So there 's no palpable terror , shocks or WTF moments we 've come to expect from this genre . As a result , there are too many predictible scenes and a ghost spirit we 're way familiar with to derive any horror from , kinda like a dreadful relative that makes holiday visits . Was it painfully bad ? No . But you wo n't be sad to see this ` Roommate ' pack their bags either ...
 The DVD was unwatchable the sound was intermittent.Positively the worst purchase I have ever made on AmazonI suspect the DVD was a Pirate copy
 I read some reviews here and elsewhere that sounded positive , but honestly this film was AWFUL . My friend and I seriously discussed leaving after the first 20 minutes -LRB- somthing I have never done before -RRB- , but decided to stick it out and hope that it would get better . It did , but only marginally . I ended up wishing that I had walked in the first place and not wasted my time and $ 9.00 on this sea of stupid lines and pointless `` plot '' . It was insulting to both Hawaiians and Trans-gender people and most of all was NOT FUNNY , truly . I like Drew Barrymore , and Adam Sandler when he is playing a character with a brain in his head -- and there is chemistry between these actors -LRB- ... -RRB- . Rent The Wedding Singer instead . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY -- if you are over the age of 11 this film is too immature for you . And if you are under the age of 11 you will be bored .
 I was expecting a lot more out of this movie then what I got.It 's basically about a girl who lost her short-term memory in an auto-moblie accident and some guy tries to get her to fall in love with him , yadda , yadda , yadda ... There was a lot of jokes that fell flat on their backs ' in this movie , after awhile it really begins to annoy you.The acting is nothing great and the diolouge is flat-out horrible.Sandler does n't give a good performance and Barrymore is okay.Basically , it 's a repeatitive movie that delivers lame jokes and the same thing every ten minutes.If you 're looking for a good movie , look elsewhere.This is a very lame , unfunny , boring and stupid movie . Save your money for something worthwhile .
 As an avid movie goer , this just about changed me to a non movie goer . The lesson I learned was to pay a little attention before dropping your money into a `` maybe it might be good because Adam Sandler is in it '' . movie . Boy was I wrong ! This is not even worth renting ! Bad , Bad , stupid , poor writing , acting , filming , generally it sucked !
 Once again all the funny stuff was in the previews . This could have been such a funny movie , but was n't . Do n't bother .
 I 'm a Adam Sandler fan even though some of his movies are getting old now , but this one looked neat so I decided to check it out . ???????? What the heck did I watch ? This movie was supposed to be very funny and cute and it set a record.So , the plot copied off Memento but this is a comedy so you know ... . It 's about a lady 's and animal 's man played by Ben Stiller . But , he falls for one girl that he really loves . But then he finds out that she has short term memory loss after a car wreck . So she can remember everything up to the accident . And , so everyday is her birthday , because that 's the last day she remembers . So she wakes up like it 's still her birthday and so forth . So her dad and brother are really getting frustrated with watching the sixth sense everyday , because that was their present to her . But what makes no sense to me is if they were frustrated of watching that movie , why did n't they just get her a new present ? She would n't have remembered it . Well anyway , Sanler 's character then tries to make her remember him through various methods . I thought that the movie failed completely and that it delivered only a few laughs . Stay away from this comedy , because you 'll probably just turn it off because you aer n't laughing .
 The plot is that Adam Sandler etting tired of dating -LRB- and etcetera-ing -RRB- different women every week gets into a permanent relationship with a woman , But through the wonder of script writing , he finds one for whom he can rewrite her memories every day . He is helped by a bumbling and goofy band of Hawaiian natives . As in all his movies Adam Sandler gets to be the hero and to mock almost everyone else -LRB- including his girlfriends brother -RRB- all in all a terrible movie . Do n't waste your time .
 I like to hurt myself . I was n't fully aware of this fact until I recently completed watching `` 50 First Dates '' staring the diverse satirical genius that is Adam Sandler . That 's right , I watched all 90 minutes of it . Like having a sore in your mouth that you just ca n't resist continually poking with your tongue I kept watching . What 's more is that I knew what was coming before I even hit play , it 's Adam Sandler , the modern day Rosie O'Donell for god sakes . It was like drinking a fifth of Gordon 's Vodka , I knew it would be ill but I guess I just wanted to remind myself what ill was like.Once again we are treated to the silver screen magic of Rob Schneider and Sandler . And once again Rob Schneider proves he is an actor 's actor ; the way he is able to continually reinvent himself is truly magnificent . With this film he confirms that he is almost a better sidekick then malaria . This time he plays a Hawaiian local and Sandlers best pal . They both work with animals which are a key comedic element in the film . Sandlers back and forth bantering with sea lions and dolphins is reminiscent of the 80 's film `` Beastmaster '' staring Kevin Bacon or at least a guy that looks like Kevin Bacon . Sandler is the ultimate island playboy till he meets Drew Barrymore . They fall in love and all is well . But the next day it starts raining in paradise -LRB- both literally in the film as well as figuratively in this review -RRB- . She does n't remember him ! Turns out that she forgets what happens each day due to an auto accident with her father 7 months ago . She has no short term memory so she is mentally stuck on the day of the accident which happens to be her father 's birthday . So each day her dad and brother pretend like it 's his birthday . They have stacks of news papers from that day , they watch video taped TV with her that they have seen hundreds of time etc etc so she has no idea what happened and does n't get sad . I know it 's a movie but it is so dam ridiculous I questioned my free will as I sat at my desk and continued to watch the film . Even when Sandler gets hipped to this crazy routine he cant help but make her fall in love with him each day while simultaneously vomiting his trademark hilarity all over the screen.The best way I can end this review is to write a short list of movies that are better then this one .1 -RRB- Waterworld2 -RRB- Anchorman -LRB- but just barely -RRB- 3 -RRB- Blackula -LRB- the black vampire movie -RRB- 4 -RRB- Slackers5 -RRB- Iron Eagle 26 -RRB- The New Karate Kid -LRB- the one where Mr. Miogi trains a girl and finds out what a `` period '' is -RRB- 7 -RRB- Cool As Ice -LRB- starring Vanilla Ice -RRB- 8 -RRB- Teen Wolf Too9 -RRB- Blade 510 -RRB- The American Pie Trilogy -LRB- yes , 50 First Dates is that bad -RRB-
 Hated this movie instantly . It had too much crude humor to be enjoyable . The only good part was the end .
 Can Adam get much worse ? This is a naturally bad and stupid movie . Adam Sandler needs to give up , he is not funny anymore . All he does is play the same type of character in all of his movies . Do n't buy this film , or anymore Adam Sandler movies to come .
 Just recently broke down and purchased a blu-ray player , so we are buying blu-ray discs of our top favorite movies . 50 First Dates is one of those movies . It arrived today packaged in what looks like a vacuumed packed paper bag . When I opened it , I found the spine on the blu-ray case had cracked and split open . There were pieces of plastic all over the inside of the case and on the the blu-ray disc . Also the case liner card is torn and ripped on the spine and back . In all my years of purchasing items online I have never come across a crappier way of shipping a product especially when using the USPS . I will never order from Wonder Book & Video -LRB- wonderbook.com -RRB- again . At the least , they should have used a bubble wrap envelope ; I would even pay a little more for shipping for the added protection . Extremely disappointed . ** UPDATE ** 1/29/13Contacted seller and received prompt reply . They naturally offered to refund my money and shipping cost , but they also offered a 50 % refund if I wanted to keep the product . Since the blu-ray disc was not damaged , I opted for this alternative for the damage to the case and liner . Although I appreciate the prompt response , and the refund , the company never responded directly to my complaints about poor product shipping packaging . Because of this , and the possibility of it happening again , I doubt I will ever order from them in the future .
 Drew Barrymore sparkles , as always . Unfortunately , the male characters are all shallow , dirty minded , and creepy . At the point where the Hawaiian guy puts coconuts on his chest and tries to lick his -LSB- ... -RSB- , I gave up . I should have given up earlier , but I hardly ever give up on a film . This is definitely a movie geared toward teenage boys developmentally delayed between the stages of potty training and early puberty .
 After `` The Wedding Singer '' , Sandler and Barrymore reunite on screen again to deliver this somewhat promising but ultimately average romantic comedy . Remember Guy Pearce ` s character in `` Memento '' ? Well , in `` 50 First Dates '' Drew Barrymore plays Lucy , a girl that loses her recent memory each morning , virtually living the same routine endlessly . Adam Sandler ` s character falls in love with her and dares to conquer her attention everyday . Cute , and very touching . Anyway , this movie ends up being too repetitive , slow , empty and especially unfunny , mixing drama and comedy yet failing to suceed at both . The directing is nothing special either , and the performances and characters are flat . Fortunately , the flick still presents some entertainment value , so it ` s not a complete disaster . But there are much better movies around -LRB- Bernardo Bertolucci ` s `` The Dreamers '' or Michel Gondry ` s `` Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind '' , to name a few -RRB- . Watchable and equally forgettable .
 There is much raunch in this movie trying to pass as humor.And give me a break . Sandler a `` man about town '' banging the tourists evry chance he gets . YUK . Oh but wait ! He gets totally reformed overnight and becomes the most selfless , committed , sacrificial man who is willing to wait forever and enjoy a lifelong relationship with a woman who forgets him every day . Sure . Maybe if he would have been a virgin looking for his one true love then it would have been beliveable.And all the boob , ass , homo , vomit , sex jokes are just plain mindless and talentless . `` are you sure you will still love her in 15 years if she lets herself go and sex with her is nauseating '' How would you like that said as you say your wedding vows while the `` preacher '' is looking at his fat wife ? It 's not funny . It 's just tasteless and tacky.The only good thing about this movie is the end .
 I enjoyed The Wedding Singer , I honestly did . I thought Sandler and Barrymore had good chemistry , the script was entertaining , there were some good jokes ... and most of all it refrained from being corny , slow and boring . Now lets take 50 First Dates . Lets take out the good chemistry -LRB- what happened ? God knows ! -RRB- , the entertaining script -LRB- boo , bum and vomit gags only go so far -RRB- , and any good jokes and what do you have ? This film ! Ok , it 's not as bad as , lets say , Mr Deeds or Little Nicky , but it was a massive disapointment . It came across like a last minute idea Sandler and his buddies had while vacationing in Hawaii and though , ah hell , lets do a version of Groundhog Day here and pass it off as a movie!Do yourself a favour . You want to watch ' a nice romantic comedy ' ... rent When Harry Met Sally . Wit over crass wins everytime !
 At the core of the movie is an affecting concept
 This is one of the worst Adam Sandler movies out there . This is a rental only and not worth buying .
 ... could be cut and re-edited in arbitrary sequences and nobody would notice . Sandler is the apotheosis of the one-trick pony , the actor who is always exactly the same character in every film . In short , he does n't act at all ; like Yahweh , he just ` is that he is . ` Take a look at the expression on the face of Ms Barrymore in the picture on the DVD cover ; that 's exactly how I look when I find myself watching another Adam Sandler film . Unfortunately , my teenage son and my two twenty-something nieces all find Sandler rib-splitting funny . Being a companionate adult , therefore , I sit cross-legged among them and gape at the screen , forcing a chuckle now and then like a losing presidential candidate at a town meeting . Then sometimes I offer to run out for ice cream ...
 I thought it would be fun to bring along some movies set in Hawaii on our family trip . What a disappointment when we missed half the movie bc the item sent was so substandard .
 I made the mistake of going into this movie with The Wedding Singer in mind . I LOVED that movie , but this one can not begin to live up to it . What a shame and a waste of time . Appealed to my 14 year old mainly do to the inane one liners and oftenRAW comments . What does the size of the Walrus ' member have to do with anything in this movie other than an attempt to add filler to an otherwise dull and overplayed plot .
 `` 50 First Dates '' has an interesting premise -- when a man loves a woman , what 's he to do when she has short-term memory loss ? It 's sort of the distaff equivalent to `` Groundhog Day '' , albeit without Sonny & Cher ; , as well as Bill Murray 's comic genius.In `` 50 First Dates '' , Adam Sandler is Henry , who works at an aquarium . He has a she-man assistant Alexa . He frolics among the penguins , walruses , and dolphins . Then he meets Lucy -LRB- Drew Barrymore -RRB- For the first time , he 's into commitment . Unfortunately , she keeps forgetting who he is . They are brought together with the assistance of a cross-dressing Rob Schneider . Like fanfiction , they have life-affirming sex in front of the dolphin tank . Lucy has a bodybuilding brother , Doug -LRB- Sean Astin -RRB- , who has been busted for steroids . `` 50 First Dates '' should be required viewing for fangirls who write homoerotic Frodo & Sam ; stories ... since Astin looks downright scary shirtless . Astin is one of the few talented actors in the whole film . Unfortunately , one must bear the sight of him baring his chest . Brain bleach is required for viewers . In the end , Henry & Lucy ; marry under the chuppah -LRB- traditional Jewish wedding canopy -RRB- Doug ends up with the she-man Alexa . Henry & Lucy ; eventually have a kid . `` 50 First Dates '' makes good traumatic comedy viewing . The few highlights are Astin 's acting and the soundtrack -LRB- reggae/ska/Hawaiian -RRB- Thankfully , it 's forgettable .
 I thought the premise of `` 50 First Dates '' had potential , but it was ruined before it even began when its tone was set at the start with the assertion of the leading man as Mr. Cool Cavalier Casanova Playboy who fecklessly seduces all of the glamorous tourists . Then Drew Barrymore 's character catches his eye and we 're supposed to believe that suddenly everything 's different . Why , because she 's pretty ? What were the others , chopped liver ? -LRB- uh , yes but never mind -RRB- Lucy 's attractiveness hardly makes her a soul mate , but yet Mr. Don Juan Henry Roth -LRB- Sandler -RRB- is going to pursue her and wed her , even after he finds out that she 's SEVERELY short-term memory-impaired . We 're all supposed to buy that idea and find it heart-warming and endearing besides . And I can see by reading other Amazon reviews here that it somehow succeeded ! That Adam Sandler 's one lucky guy . He can say to his cronies , `` Hey let 's head over to Hawaii and act like fools and frat boys and film another lowbrow movie with crude humor and make boatloads of clams . `` I did enjoy some of the scenery , and Drew Barrymore was very cute in her role ; hence , I 'll give it two stars . But it 's too bad that `` 50 First Dates '' could n't shed the adolescent boy mentality .
 In this movie , Adam Sandler is running around , falling down , and trying to win the affections of a forgetful Drew Barrymore ... Drew plays an even more forgetful woman than her usual dazed self . She keeps re-living the same day in her mind -- the result of an accident involving me and a heavy , metal bat . Just kidding , it was a car crash or something , not me with a metal bat ... The thing that irritated me the most about this movie -LRB- besides the whole `` Remember Happy Gilmore ? '' vibe -RRB- was Rob Schneider . This man has become gradually more irritating . I laughed at sensitive naked guy , and I could stomach him in some other Adam Sandler-sidekick role , but this ... I wanted to sew the other half of his shirt and strike him throughout his every appearance.Adam Sandler was okay as the befuddled , romantic guy . Drew Barrymore fell right into the role of forgetful idiot . And Dan Akroyd makes an appearance as a doctor . A doctor bloated and stuffed with cheese puffs . All in all , not worth buying or reproducing for the stage .
 I really wanted to like this movie , but it just left me just a little disappointed . Sure , it was a pleasant and cheap way to spend an evening , but it just did not draw me in . Perhaps the humor was just a little to adolescent , and the character development a little to predictable - the potty humor of the Drew Barrymore characters brother was unnecessary and the silly characterization of support characters -LRB- i.e. , the German lady -RRB- was a distractionThe premise , though unlikely , could have been workable ; but as I watched it , I could not help but think how much better Groundhog Day covered the same material . So , if you are thinking about a comic romance , skip Fifty First Dates and rent Groundhog day .
 I do n't know why , but this movie disturbed me . Perhaps it was the concept of the film . Or me imagining that happening to me what was happening to Drew Barrymore 's character . Whatever it was , it kept me from enjoying the movie . I did not really find it sweet or cute or funny in any way . It was just odd . I know that people do experience such an awful form of memory loss , but to me , that makes a good dramatic film . Not a romantic comedy . I mean , I can understand why people would wish to make light of the situation and make it romantic and whatnot , but for me , it did n't work . And the parts that were supposed to be funny , really were n't . It was all kind of desperate actually .
 I HATED THIS MOVIE TO THE FULLEST !!!!! ITS LIKE GROUNDHOG DAY ANOTHER I JUST CANT STAND !!!! , , , I WOULD NEVER RECCOMEND THIS MOVIE AS A MATTER OF FACT I DONT THINK ANY1 IS GOING TO REWATCH THIS MOVIE !!!!
 Why does Adam Sandler keep making movies ? He should gracefully return to SNL , rather than continue this horrid experiment . In this one , he 's teamed up with Drew Barrymore in a very unfunny attempt to capture some of what they had with The Wedding Singer . It is lost on me . Rob Schneider is about the funny character in this movie , and even that is a stretch . The chemistry between Barrymore and Sandler is terrible , similar to chemistry you 'd find on a high school stage.Essentially , its a romantic comedy without the comedy . OR really the romance for that matter . Barrymore suffers from short term amnesia and Sandler attempts to date her despite this . The best preformance is turned in by a steroid abusing Sean Astin who plays Barrymore 's older brother . Sandler is highlighted as the hopeless romantic and creates numerous ways to worm his way into Barrymore 's life.Aside form lacking any particular acting ability , this movie does not even tap into the talents the actors do actually have . Rather than utilize the sight-gags , sarcasm , and slapstick that made Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison great , this movie tried to set up running jokes and scripted humor that just did n't cut it.There is nothing redeeming about this movie , and if you must see it , wait until it comes out on video . Or see it for the previews . There were a few interesting movies coming out , and the trailers definitely highlighted this experience for me . Not worth the -LSB- money -RSB- I spent on tickets , popcorn , and soda . Or take your -LSB- money -RSB- and go see something else . That 's the best advice you could get . I mean , consider the sappy ending to Anger Management -LRB- the proposal in the ballpark , that seemed tacked on ? Come on , you know what I 'm talking about -RRB- , and that 's what you have for an hour and a half .
 I just saw this for the first time today and I must admit , I 'm disappointed . I did n't get many laughs from it , I heard it was really funny . To me , this is a recycled version of The Wedding Singer , but it 's much , much worse . The Wedding Singer was actually good . Nothing new here .
 Not being a fan of Adam Sandler , I may sound bit bias here but I thought this film really missed its mark completely . The basic concept was rip-off from Bill Murray 's fantastic Groundhog Day but unlike that movie where the plot and characters evolved , in First 50 Dates , nothing changes . The characters remains as they were and things become pretty redundant by the half way point.On a positive side , I thought Drew Barrymore was fantastic and her effort made my wallet felt better as the movie rolled along . Rob Schnieder and the animals at Sea Life Park were far more funnier then Sandler himself who I think was actually trying to act seriously for brief moment or two . I think even Sandler might have been miscast , not for a moment , did I thought he was the Casanova of the Islands as the begining of the movie was trying to tell us.Romantic fantasy at its worst , nothing on the screen was really real or remotely close to being believable . None of the lead characters can pass for a local -LRB- outside of Schneider -RRB- in Hawaii , they need more tan I think . It was mildly entertaining and worst part is for all those out there who have seen the trailer for this movie ... you have just seen almost all the funniest scenes of the movie already !!!
 i think the love brids are hyping this movie up , this is a review from someone that doesnt by into the love movie Douche thing
 Version
 This version of the film , from ROAN , should be avoided . The hour and 41 minute original is here chopped to an hour and 30 minutes . A mutilated film is no bargain at any price .
 I purchased the Triad version of this fantastic movie that said it was the &#34; Remastered Edition &#34; it was NOT remastered - the quality was so poor that I had to purchase another copy from VCI Entertainment which is THE BEST QUALITY THAT I HAVE SEEN !
 This is a good story along the lines of `` Here Comes Mr. Jordon '' , with a slight variation . But the DVD quality of the Gotham release is horrible . The picture quality is almost unwatchable and the un-even mono sound has a steady hissing all the way through the movie .
 Both Passport DVD 's I 've had the misfortune of viewing -LRB- this one & Plan 9 From Outer Space -RRB- have a large `` PIP '' logo on screen for the entire movie which is extremely distracting & unneccesary . For quality , get the Roan edition .
 This is a light weight film with a heavy weight star . The film is not worthy of the great Paul Muni .
 Paul Muni won an Oscar , but not for this surprisingly dull movie . Claude Rains , lovable rogue in Casablanca , is n't lovable or rogueish as Satan in this movie . Anne Baxter is whiny . I bought this for my daughter , because she loved it . Oh , well .
 I regard this movie as the epitome of a bad `` stupid '' movie . Not only is the plot predictable , but the characters are irritating and the script perpetuates many of the stereotypes of the time . For instance , Rochester , the black man , is the only one stupid enough to fall down the secret passage chair not once but twice , and the dim-witted society lady knocks on the door herself and says , `` Come in . '' We could only wish that intelligence would `` come in `` to this movie .
 We have n't read the book , but the movie was horrible . It was completely ridiculous and unbelievable . It 's one of the worst movies we 've ever seen .
 i bought the DVD because i though they would n't just give the blue collar name to anyone ... turns out they did.Caparulo was okay but the other 3 guys were not as good as i would have hoped . I think maybe i have been spoiled by the likes of bill , ron , jeff and larry .
 It 's not blue collar comedy . There were four gentlemen . It just lacks something . Hard to put my finger on it . When I purchased it , I thought it was the four original men from blue collar comedy . If this is the next generation , the line should be stopped
 Bill Engvall hosts this show and says he might be out of a job now that these guys are around . Your job is very , very safe Bill . Aside from Reno Collier , the last comic on this DVD there is not a lot of good comedy here . In a few years , most of these guys will still be the middle act in a club somewhere .
 Kind of puts you to sleep unless you are totally interested in Jones . Sad that he got so many people to follow him all the way to death via Kool Aid .
 Unneccessarily bad language comes out of no where in the middle of this documentary . Not what I expected in a PBS documentary . For someone expecting to be shocked , this is for you . Adults only language . Be warned .
 bought this on ebay because i 'd already purchased other tapes and the shipping was therefore free if i bought another one -LRB- the tape itself was only a dollar so it was better to buy another one than to pay for shipping -RRB- - i 've never reviewed anything on amazon before ; since there were no reviews for this tape , i had nothing to go on . i figured this was a good pick since it was `` high impact '' -LRB- what i was looking for -RRB- - i should 've chosen something else . you get three ladies and a man on a beach -LRB- which is an indication of the horrible production values - i believe they chose the beachfront because they could n't afford a studio or gym to film in ; from all indications , they also could not afford professional cameramen or aerobics instructors who knew what they were doing -RRB- . i 've made it through allegedly `` tough '' workout videos before without any problem - the entire power 90x series , karen voight 's energy sprint , etc. so , i do n't give up easily and off the bat , the problem here was NOT the intensity level . still , i turned the damn thing off after 20 minutes because all they were doing was hopping up and down with a few kicks thrown in -LRB- poorly cued -RRB- . i have never felt more like a bunny rabbit . another tape that i disliked for similar reasons was Denise Austin 's `` high energy aerobics '' -LRB- i 'm not a huge Austin fan , but some of her tapes are n't bad ; this one is very old , before she really got her shtick down , and just terrible -RRB- , but it 's not nearly as bad as the nautilus one . the instructors have zero personality - it now just strikes me that perhaps the producers filmed it on a beach because they just grabbed the first four skinny , tan seventeen-year old lifeguards they saw and asked them to hop around and smile for forty minutes.i do n't care what your goals are - this is not the tape for you -LRB- unless perhaps your goal is to get good at jumping rope without ever using one -RRB- .
 Belle Starr -LRB- 1848-89 -RRB- was the first of the female outlaws , and even to this date , more than a century and a half later , she heads a very short list -LRB- e.g. , Ma Barker and Bonnie Parker -RRB- . Her story was popularized in dime novels beginning in 1889 and in films beginning in 1928 . She was played by Betty Compson in `` Court Martial '' -LRB- 1928 -RRB- , Gene Tierney in `` Belle Starr '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- , Isabel Jewell in `` Badman 's Territory '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , Elizabeth Montgomery in `` Belle Starr '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , and Pamela Reed in `` The Long Riders '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . If most of her films did not do justice to her real life , `` Montana Belle '' is the worst offender , with the only bare facts of her name , her marriage to Sam Starr , and his death prior to hers . Otherwise this is merely a traditional 40s oat burner , more about the Dalton Gang than about Belle Starr.Of course it 's not a total waste . No film with beautiful Jane Russell can be a total loss , and Jane gets a chance to do two musical numbers . Jane Russell -LRB- 1921-2011 -RRB- made her screen debut in `` Outlaw '' -LRB- 1941 -RRB- and went on to make nearly two dozen films , including `` Paleface '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- with Bob Hope , `` Double Dynamite '' -LRB- 1951 -RRB- with Sinatra and Groucho , `` Gentlemen Prefer Blondes '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- with Marilyn Monroe , and `` Gentlemen Marry Brunettes '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- . She 's OK is this one , and her voice is pretty good , although her dancing leaves a lot to be desired.The film features Scott Brady as Bob Dalton , Forrest Tucker and Jack Lambert as members of his gang , Andy Devine as a sleazy traitor , and George Brent as a businessman who falls in love with Jane.Scott Brady -LRB- 1924-85 -RRB- specialized in playing tough guys in more than 100 films and TV shows . I liked him best as `` The Dancin Kid '' in `` Johnny Guitar `` Forrest Tucker -LRB- 1919-86 -RRB- is best known from TV 's `` F Troop '' -LRB- 1965-7 -RRB- but he was a prolific film actor in the 40s and 50s , frequently appearing in westerns -LRB- `` The Westerner '' , `` Gunfighters '' , `` The Nevadan '' -RRB- and war films -LRB- `` Submarine Raider '' , `` Sands of Iwo Jima '' , `` Fighting Coast Guard '' -RRB- . Andy Devine -LRB- 1905-77 -RRB- made over 400 films , include several with John Wayne -LRB- `` Stagecoach '' , `` Liberty Valance '' -RRB- , but perhaps is best remembered as Guy Madison 's sidekick in TVs `` The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickock '' -LRB- 1951 - 1958 -RRB- . Handsome George Brent -LRB- 1899-1979 -RRB- is best known as the frequent co-star with Bette Davis in 13 films although he was also very close with Garbo . His memorable films include `` Dark Victory '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , and `` The Spiral Staircase '' -LRB- 1945 -RRB- . Jack Lambert -LRB- 1920-2002 -RRB- plays a half breed named Ringo . Lambert is one of those actors whose face you 've seen dozens of times but whose name you never knew . He appeared in over 50 films -LRB- e.g. , `` Dick Tracy 's Dilemma '' , `` Vera Cruz '' -RRB- prior to turning his attention to TV where he usually played a cowboy appearing in episodes of `` Gunsmoke '' , `` Daniel Boone '' , `` Bonanza '' etc.Director Allan Dwan -LRB- 1885-1981 -RRB- made more than 400 films , most of them in the silent era . He 's best known for `` Heidi '' -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , `` Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farms '' -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , and `` Sands of Iwo Jima '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- . He did several film noir including `` Slightly Scarlet '' -LRB- 1956 -RRB- and `` Surrender '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , but was more versed in the western - `` Cattle Queen of Montana '' -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , `` The Restless Breed '' -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , `` Silver Lode '' -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , etc.The NY Times called it `` the most overstated Western of the year '' and said that Russell was `` beginning to look saddlesore . `` The film was actually made in 1948 but not released until 1952 . The top grossing films in 1952 were `` The Greatest Show on Earth '' , `` The Bad and the Beautiful '' , `` The Snows of Kilimanjaro '' , `` Ivanhoe '' , and `` Singing in the Rain '' . `` The Greatest Show on Earth '' won for Best Picture and other Oscar winners were `` High Noon '' -LRB- Actor -RRB- , `` The Quiet Man '' -LRB- Director -RRB- , `` Come Back Little Sheeba '' -LRB- Actress -RRB- , and `` Viva Zapata '' -LRB- Supporting Actor -RRB- . Other memorable films that year were `` Abbott and Costello Meet Captain Kidd '' , Tracy and Hepburn as `` Pet and Mike '' , Fritz Lang 's `` Rancho Nororious '' , `` The Red Planet Mars '' , `` Scaramouche '' , and Marian Cooper 's `` This is Cinerama '' . Bottom line - not much here to appreciate but fans of Jane Russell will enjoy it nonetheless .
 I enjoyed season one so much I bought the dvd set - which is something I do not do often - the show had such promise ! However , the series totally and uderly caved in season two . Killing off Ashley was a BAD move and what happened to the cabal ? Who knows ! They offer suggestions , but nothing clear cut . Freelander was a horrid addition and to repeat what others have said , she is a completely played and tired stereotype ... not to mention poorly acted -LRB- I spent most of the season hoping she would get killed off -RRB- . Along with this came thinly written scripts with sorely lacking plots , many of which were really , really reaching and on a show such as this which is wide open , thats saying alot.There were maybe one or two good episodes in the entire season , which is the only reason I gave it two stars instead of one . I can only hope that season three rebounds and returns to the form of season one which had such fun , exciting plots and episodes . However after the season two end , which was cheesy and waaaay over-the-top -LRB- dancing to save the world ... seriously ?? -RRB- I will not hold my breath ! I would NOT suggest purchasing season two . Be sure to watch it first and look for season three to begin Oct. 15th .
 Season One was so phenomenally good , I could not wait for Season 2 ! Needless to say , based on the title of my review , I found the stories to be WEAK ... POORLY WRITTEN . The actors maintain their interesting persona 's , but with poor support from poorly written , obviously hastily written , LACKLUSTER STORIES . A MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT COMPARED TO SEASON ONE ! One wonders if the original writing staff was replaced , and a new group of writers had to come up with something over the weekend . Other readers my not agree with my assessment , and if not , I am glad they are happy with their purchase . I returned mine , as I , fortunately , found one of my DVD discs to have a pixel defect . Thank Goodness!I will check out the future Season Three by way of Netflix , rather than risk buying further trash . Season Three , please be more like Season One !
 The first season of Sanctuary was so cool and different . It had an aura of mystery to it , and took the viewer into this mysterious world of Helen Magnus and the abnormals and sheer fantasy of the Sanctuary . The characters were intriguing , the writing impressive , and the setting was just so unique . Each episode was like delving into a new mystery each week with intelligent problems that needed solving by the team of well balanced , thought out characters . In the words of Magnus herself from the pilot , `` you are about to leave your world behind . `` Sadly , Season 2 failed to live up to the promise set by Season 1 . Instead , Sanctuary Season 2 saw the series turn into yet another hyped up sci-fi action series . If they gave Amanda Tapping back her blonde hair and had her loose the British accent , she could have been playing Sam Carter from Stargate this season . Do n't get me wrong-I love all three Stargate series . But this was Sanctuary -- something new and entirely different from Tapping 's other show and character.The atmosphere of mystery is gone . The weird and unique setting has been entirely normalized . The plot points became ridiculous -LRB- the Sanctuary has its own Navy-come on ! -RRB- Basically , with Season 2 , they have turned the show into a `` shoot the monster of the week '' series . I hate to say it -- some of the episodes ' stories this season seemed to be taken from Sci-Fi Saturday B-monster movies.Now , that being said , is the show salvageable ? Yes . There were still some elements of the show this season to make it palatable . The characters were still interesting -LRB- although they need to avoid turning Magnus into another chick with a gun in sci-fi character -RRB- . There were some very good episodes this season , albeit few and far between . For example -- the episode with Magnus and Zimmerman and the crashed helicopter was a great character piece . And the producers already proved they could do a good show with Season 1 . They just need to return to the Season 1 formula of the show to save it.I would not recommend owning season 2 . If you catch it on a re-run , it would be okay because it is mildly entertaining and you wo n't be wasting your money . Here is hoping for something better in Season 3 .
 Season 2 started off with the bad decision to kill off Ashley and pretty much just went down hill from there.After killing off Ashley , the show then moved away from the storyline of `` The Five '' and the Cabal , which both had an incredible amount of potential . There seemed to be a lot of miscommunications in interviews and the actors seemed to contridict themselves regarding Ashely 's return , which did n't help things . The remaining storylines of season 2 were filled with huge plot holes , or just had no continuity at all , to the point that the show even moved away from the focus of abnormals and instead concentrated on the introduction of the new character of Kate.Kate Freelander is the absolute worst character ever written . It is pretty much a trifecta of disaster , the character is poorly written , poorly introduced to the show , and honestly poorly acted . The character is cliche and there is just no likable quality to her . The sarcastic one-liners fall flat and only serve to make the character even more annoying . The show was aware that Kate would not be well-received at first , so instead of letting things just progress naturally , they forced the character to be immediately accepted by the team . The scenes with this character not only come across as forced , but the team 's immediate acceptance of her after her role in Ashley 's death , hurts the intergrity of the other characters . It makes them look foolish.I would like to say that I hope season 3 will be better , but so far all interviews have indicated , few story-arc , no mention of the Five , and even more focus on the growth of Kate 's character . As was stated by another reviewer , the show should have stuck to their focus on abnormals , that is what made it interesting.Season 2 is so bad , that not only is it less expensive than the season 1 DVD , but even Syfy is airing mostly episodes from season 1 and not season 2 in reruns . Even the marathon to promote season 3 is mostly all comprised of episodes from season 1 . That speaks volume of how bad season 2 truly is the network is even staying away from it .
 I wouldnt know if its any good . they have the wrong bloody episode . its still part 1 . youd expect better from a site you have to Pay to Rent from . Not a happy camper .
 While `` Sanctuary '' is a clever science-fiction show , it 's never especially compelling . Much of the time , I find myself falling asleep halfway through an episode . -LRB- If , at that point , I happen to switch to some other time-shifted TV show on my DVR or a DVD , there usually is n't any nodding off , so it 's not a question of fatigue . -RRB- Every week , a wild not-entirely-half-baked storyline is thrown out , a lot of crazy business ensues and , by the end of the episode , the whole Sanctuary team is sipping tea in Helen Magnus ' office . While the show touches upon interesting topics such as giant abnormals living in the earth in some sort of collective Gaia-like symbiotic relationship , every week this sort of thing is being fired your way en masse . Sanctuary blends steampunk , religion -LRB- Kali , for one -RRB- , abnormal myth -LRB- vampires , werewolves , etc. -RRB- , historical figures -LRB- James Watson , Jack the Ripper , Nikola Tesla , etc. -RRB- , science and adventure together and then funnels the concoction down your throat . It 's all a little hard to swallow . ** 1/2 out of ***** . That being said , I was glad to see the loss of one regular character this season -LRB- hint
 What happened to the writing on this show ? Got rid of a great character and actress to replace her with a very unappealing replacement . Plot bounced all over the place.What a disappointment .
 I was enjoying this series until the HORRIBLE Bollywood episode when the solution to the issue of a huge Abnormal who could move sections of the earth was a Bollywood-style dance . That ended it for me .
 The first season of Sanctuary was one of the coolest , most `` refreshing '' TV shows that I 'd come across in quite some time . However , in addition to having a few very disappointing events occur , it just does n't seem to me that season two has the same intangible attractiveness and mystique.The first three episodes resolve the loose ends from season one , and that 's where my biggest issue is . If you have read the other reviews , you know that Ashley gets killed off , which is disappointing , she was part of the show 's heart . I will admit that her death does make sense w/in the storyline , i.e. the writing was good . But still a shock - I wonder if she no longer wanted to be on the show ? What no one else has mentioned is that Klara Griffin -LRB- the invisible girl -RRB- gets killed off , and it is done in such a quick , senseless , clumsy way , I just do n't get it . It would have been better to just not have her come back at all . She was so cool , a great compliment to the other characters . Also , the Cabal story arc , which seemed like such a huge deal , also gets `` done with '' in two or three brief-seeming episodes . Like it was n't nearly as pervasive a threat as season one suggested . But maybe that 's just me . Regarding the Kate Freelander character , I do n't necessarily think her a bad actress , but she ca n't replace Ashley/Klara , and seriously , this is a serious show , not a sitcom , why would you name a character `` Kate Freelander '' ? Why?Anyway , the mid-season episodes are a mixed bag . `` Hero '' is lighthearted , but a lot better than you expect it to be . Amanda Tapping 's old Stargate pal Michael Shanks has a cameo , which is cool , and while I am not into vampires -LRB- have n't watched any of the Twilight movies -RRB- , the episode `` Sleepers '' is probably one of my three favorite episodes of the entire series so far . Nikola Tesla is brilliant . The two-part ending saga `` Callie '' is fairly decent . I have to admit , I did n't mind Will 's dancing sequence - it actually put a much needed smile on my face during a stressful day.But the show 's incredible mystique in season one , in which the Sanctuary itself was mysterious , most of the episodes had a very dark color palette , and the shadows could have held anything . Here , the color palette is lighter , Magnus herself is less mysterious , sporting more makeup and a better tan , Bigfoot is more chatty -LRB- sometimes it is n't even Chris Heyerdahl playing him , and it * does * make a difference to me -RRB- ... it 's like the show has been normalized . But being ab-normal was what made it great to begin with.This is certainly not the worst show out there , but I honestly would not recommend buying season two . If you have seen season one , I do n't think that this is the same level of quality .
 Season 2 was much worse than season one , which explains the lower price for season 2 , as the studio apparently thinks so as well . Season 2 was worse for 2 major reasons.First , the first few eps had to tie up the bad ending of season one , and the story lines in those eps had just alot of idiocy . Their later story arcs were not much better.The second major reason for season two being so bad was the loss of Ashley -LRB- Emilie Ullerup -RRB- and replacement with Kate . In season 1 Ashley 's character and the actress were both original and growing . The actress had some nice interpretations of her character . The choice to replace her with Kate Freelander an incredibly poor one , and doing so was handled very poorly.Agam Darshi is a mediocre actress giving a clich&eacute; performance of a clich&eacute; character . Damien Kindler 's writing often falls into trite characters and actions . I was surprised that he came up with Sanctuary , which is pretty unusual . Alas , now he is back to trite . Any scene with Kate just needs to be ff 'd past , and both the character and actress really lessen the quality and enjoyment of the show.That said , there were some good scenes and strong guest actors worth watching . Stand alone eps were more enjoyable than the arcs . I did not have a problem with the show getting darker , but the story arc with the problems within the sanctuary network were tiresome -LRB- and trite -RRB- . They should have stuck with finding the abnormals with the cabal in the wings watching . That was their strength , and they were unwise to stray from it.I will likely not purchase this , and may not watch season 3 if it continues in this downward spiral .
 Opened the First Season to play and 3 of the discs fell out of the packaging and were scratched . Trying to put the discs back is a real challenge . This is like no other disc packaging that I 've ever seen . There is no center snap to put the disc in . You have to try to slide it into 4 plastic half circles -LRB- 2 of which were broken in delivery -RRB- and 2 tabs at the bottom -LRB- one which was broken in delivery -RRB- . I am returning all seasons as it is not worth having packaging that is useless .
 The other reviews cover the show well so I wo n't go into that , but I do want to warn you that the DVD case is really cheap , with the DVDs doubled up in the same slot . For the sake of 10 cents cost to them , they have produced something that is very likely to scratch your DVDs .
 A GIANT DANCING SPIDER ???? all time worst tv ever ... . and they got rid of the hot blonde chick ! are there any straight men in your target demographic ? or was amanda just jellous ?
 After enjoying the first series of sanctuary I have recently purchased the second season , Looking forward to the continuation of some good story lines I have been incredibly let down . The first season had some ` shoddy ' effects but somehow they have deteriorated into something even worse , there is very poor interaction between animations and cast . I could perhaps forgive this if there was something else good about the series , unfortunately they have really destroyed what was a good series , I have watched 4 episodes and am unsure I will watch any more , the acting is poor , the storyline is worse , the new characters are uninspired and I have no motivation to watch any more as its definitely not getting any better . If you enjoyed the first series you are better off leaving it there and not ruining the series by watching this series . You have been warned .
 As I wrote in my review of season one , season two was going to make or break Sanctuary . And it broke.Only watched the DVD set , so perhaps if I had spaced it out a bit , it might not have been so bad . Ms Tapping 's acting ability failed to come to work with her , effects did n't improve -LRB- in some cases were worse -RRB- , the werewolf guy is still a miscast -LRB- it shows more in this season -RRB- . And just before I started writing this , I see there 's a season three !?! Poor sci-fi/fantasy fans . There 's so little really good stuff to watch , that some of us will take anything.No more Sanctuary for me . Ever . No surprise amazon has season two `` on sale '' .
 I just ca n't get past the leads fake British accent ! the brown hair is not a good or believable look for her either . they should have used an unknown . over all bad acting by the whole cast too !
 That just does n't make since to me . The used price is $ 39.99 amd the new is $ 24.99 I do n't need it that bad.Was going to use it to teach my assistant .
 Okay , okay laugh at me . What is a certified urban-dwelling boy who gets nervous when he can not see the bright lights of the city nearby , or the road is not macadam , doing reviewing some Podunk black and white television show featuring Red Foley , Brenda Lee and Rex Allen ? That bill of fare is not exacting The Rolling Stones , Bob Dylan , The Doors and a host of other musicians that I have reviewed in this space.Well let me say this first for all you `` effete '' snobs . Many years ago I used to listen to a radio program on Saturday mornings called `` Hillbilly At Harvard '' . That program featured many of the artists like Norman Blake , June Carter , Townes Van Zandt and a host of iconic figures in mountain music , outlaw country music , folk and other genres that are `` hip '' today . So to paraphrase an old clich&eacute; what is good enough for Harvard is good enough for this reviewer . Got it?Seriously , though , I picked up this DVD as part of the continuing string of reviews that I have been doing highlighting the mountain music traditions that are part of my heritage that I had previously scorned . However , like many things , not all `` mountain '' music and musicians are created equal . That , sadly , is the case here as the performances and chitchat of this country variety show format , for the most part , set my teeth on edge . There are two exceptions , one is the performance of a rapid fire traditional banjo player whose name I do not remember and the other is hearing Sonny James doing his 1950s teen hit classic , `` Young Love '' . Should you get this thing ? NO , except the old time commercials for Beechnut gum and Clorets for you breathe seemed really quaint against today ' s high-powered subliminally sex and power - driven attempts to interest you in some product . When I am mentioning the virtues of the commercials I think that tells the tale on this one.Note
 As mentioned by other reviewers , this DVD is just horrible to watch because of the absurd amount that the cameras cut away to another scene every few seconds . If you want to watch a guitar solo or anything else for that matter to absorb any details , forget it ! The editor -LRB- s -RRB- did n't do the Scorpions justice . The music is good , but since this is a DVD and not a CD , I 'm giving two stars for the spazoid video technique .
 I do n't understand why the editors needed to cut the best songs from the show . I also do n't understand why the felt the need to change the camera angle EVERY FIVE SECONDS . This makes for a decent cd , watching the video is hazardous to your brain . AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL .
 Just when I thought it could get any worse than Iron Maiden 's Rock in Rio or Dance of Death tour dvds , the Scorpions appeared to have hired the same camera , film and editing crew of those aforementioned releases . A great performance no doubt but the editing makes this unwatchable . Just an overpriced dvd to play when the tube is turned off .
 Be careful . Had to return . Did not play on my DVD player or computer . The back cover said NTSC Region 0 . However , the DVD said PAL Region 9 . I could see the picture , but there was no sound . Wait for the US version !!
 I listened to all the reviews I read and let me tell you they are written by fanatics . I love the Scorps . The Scorps used to rock . I wish I could return this concert video in little pieces . The sound is junk the music is limp and the vocals are done . Do n't waste you money on this video . Sorry Scorps . Your done ...
 In the very slim chance that Disney reads these reviews , I 'd like to pile on to other criticisms in the hope that the Dawn Treader does n't make the same mistakes . As a huge C.S. Lewis and Narnia fan , I was so disappointed in Caspian . Same reasons as many other reviewers
 Warning you up front there may be what people would consider a spoiler or two within this review.After watching the original movie , `` the Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , '' I had high expectations for the movie . Especially after I read the book and saw how well they had adapted it into movie form . I even went out and bought the entire Narnian series so that I could read the story before hand and have an idea of the movie plot ... What happened ? It was as though they took the characters and a few chunks of the story and slapped it together in hopes of making a decent movie . And let me tell you , they failed , quite miserably . The way that they changed important pieces of the plot frustrated me , while other story lines were nearly left out altogether -LRB- For instance , they only hint at the part of the book where Lucy sees Aslan and eventually follows him despite the others protest . Then one-by-one the others begin to see him . I have always thought that to be one of the more significant plots of Prince Caspian -RRB- . And then , then they add senseless plots like when they decided to invade the castle . Though admittedly Peter did `` need '' that part of the movie to wake him up.Which brings me to the other major part of the movie that just annoyed me to no end . They made Peter an absolute jerk . He and Caspian were never rivals , and Peter NEVER had any intent to take over/rule/or give orders to Caspian . He essentially saw Caspian as the leader because he would be once they won the battle . Oh , and do n't get me started on that ridiculous `` potential romance '' thing they had between Susan and Caspian -LRB- how was that even remotely necessary ? -RRB- There were few redeeming qualities of this movie , but they still did exist . I did like the fact that when the witch was summoned -LRB- though this technically never happened -RRB- Edwin was the one to `` destroy '' her . It was a nice touch of irony . And then there was the rat and dwarf , who 's names escaped me at the moment , which made the movie bearable to sit through . And , that 's about it.I might have enjoyed this movie had I not read the book in advance , but I 'll never know . I guess if you have n't read the actual story then you could potentially think it once of the best movies of all time . But I definitely would not recommend this to someone who read and loved the book , it 'll probably annoy you just as much as it annoyed me.I 'd also like to note something else - I saw this movie twice . This was only because I was giving it the benefit of the doubt . I thought that perhaps going in a second time without those high expectations would make the movie more enjoyable . Sadly , it did not .
 I first watched Prince Caspian in theaters after a long wait , and thoroughly enjoyed it . I have bought it on DVD and have watched it a couple of times since . I thought that it was a very good film.Until I actually read the book.I could spend a lot of time explaining the differences between the book and the film . But you are here to see it brief :1 . Book
 There are so many departures from the story the book tells . . I wo n't even bother to list them . . I suppose there are some who might enjoy the movie but having read the book first I was thoroughly disappointed . The makers of this movie vainly attempt to spice up a great story with everything the story is not . They try to make a war movie out a book with only one battle scene . . they try to add a romantic twist to a story without any romance at all . As a Christian there are sweet elements of this classic story that are so muddled by all the additional fluff in the movie as to make it completely worthless . If you are interested in the movie because you loved the book , you are looking in the wrong place . You wo n't find much of anything resembling the book in this movie . I purchased this movie against the recommendations of reviewers like those found here . . Do n't make the same mistake . . Pass on this one .
 The movie captures the look and feel of Narnia and many scenes are beautifully blocked and filmed . However , the movie 's creators tampered too much with the actual story . This is a flaw not because they `` should '' or `` must '' copy the books exactly ; we all recognize that some creativity may be required to retell a book 's story as a smashingly good movie . This , they failed to do . The ridiculous attempt at a love story between Susan and the Prince was embarassing . And turning Miraz the usurper into the first acceptor of the new land was totally unnecessary and ineffective . News flash
 Prior to the release of the film `` Prince Caspian '' I read that the scriptwriters were making some fairly significant revisions of the story in order to make it work better as a film . The book Prince Caspian was described in these accounts as one of the weakest of the Chronicles of Narnia and as difficult to translate to the screen because of its narrative structure . I took these warnings in good humor , knowing that films are usually quite different from their book sources and that such adaptations are not always bad . I should have paid more attention to these preliminary hints of the film 's direction . After seeing the film , I was extremely disappointed in the end product . Pathetically ironic is that fact that nearly every departure from the original story as conceived by C.S. Lewis resulted in a dilution of the story 's original impact and power . In this instance being slavishly faithful to the story would have given the film version a much better chance at achieving something worth watching . As it was , the film has a confusing story line , less interesting and sympathetic characters when compared with the book and a much diminished sense of the divine order and purpose that pervades all of C.S. Lewis 's books.Much of the book is told in a long flashback during which Trumpkin the dwarf relates to the four Pevensie children the entire background history to the story , including how Caspian assumed the leadership of Old Narnia against his uncle King Miraz and the Telmarines and Trumpkin 's own capture at the hands of Miraz 's forces . In attempting to eliminate the flashback and the historical details , the filmmakers completely mangle the events that lead to the calling of the four children back into Narnia , ending up with an illogical mess . In the book Trumpkin is one of Caspian 's most important advisors and is sent out by him to see what help the blowing of Queen Susan 's horn may bring . In the film , Trumpkin appears to have been captured by Miraz prior to meeting Caspian and can have no knowledge of his history , his purpose and his plans to free Narnia . Yet somehow this ignorant Trumpkin still leads Peter , Susan , Edmund and Lucy back to help this Caspian whom he can not know anything about . Hollywood filmmakers constantly get away with illogical story lines due to the visual nature of their medium and the uncritical habits of their viewers . But one can not reduce a classic children 's book beloved by thoughtful people all over the world to incoherence without suffering the consequences.The scriptwriters and apparently director 's lack of enthusiasm for the original story also greatly weakens the characters . In the book Trumpkin is a lively , witty , expressive and cheerful character , a dwarf with the personality to match his red beard . In the movie Trumpkin , astonishingly , is the opposite -- stoic to the point of sullen , sardonic , glum in demeanor and rather dull . One of the great heroes of Narnia is reduced by film to a bore . Peter is another example of a character that the film renders unattractive and less interesting by simply departing from the book . Originally noble and mature , the Peter of the movie has been transformed into a juvenile brawler who is jealous of Caspian and seems scarcely able to relinquish his power even at the film 's end . Caspian of the film is also a different creature altogether . Whereas in the book one of Caspian 's principle qualities was humility , the very thing that made him fit to rule Narnia in Aslan 's estimation , the film Caspian is as arrogant and hot-blooded as the film Peter . During the climactic scene when Peter is engaged in single-combat with King Miraz , Caspian rides off in love-smitten pursuit of Susan . This detracts from the dramatic tension of the duel as well as portraying Caspian as less fit for leadership.Other viewers may attribute these changes as a legitimate move to dramatize a sleepy story . My conclusion is that these changes were not minor or arbitrary , but stem from the writers and director 's lack of sympathy with the virtuous and moral divine order that undergirds all of Lewis 's writings . Obeying and relying on Aslan is a major theme of the book Prince Caspian . The role of Aslan in the film , while not eliminated , is significantly reduced . He goes from the major cause behind all important action to an interesting sideshow to all the action scenes and the invented rivalry between Peter and Caspian . Reducing Aslan 's presence in the story took the heart out of Prince Caspian , and probably had a ripple affect on the characterizations described above . In the book much of the interesting character development involves how the various personalities relate to Aslan . The exercise and development of patience , humility , obedience and faith with respect to Aslan are central to the book . Because of the diminution of Aslan 's place in the story and the changes in story line and characters , the portrayal of the struggle to develop these virtues essentially drops out of the film narrative.Prince Caspian the film is an unengaging , uninspiring and wearisome production because it is a story without a heart . The heart of this tale is still found in the book , where C.S. Lewis portrays exciting adventures in Narnia of characters who are challenged to follow the moral purposes of the great Aslan , creator , sustainer and redeemer of Narnia . The creators of the film version thought they could retain a great story while making major changes to the original . They failed because their changes were too substantive , detracting from the essence of what makes Narnia important and special.An important parallel can be drawn to `` The Lord of the Rings '' film series created by Peter Jackson . The utterances of Jackson and his associates make it clear that they share little in common with J.R.R. Tolkien 's philosophical and religious beliefs . Yet as great admirers of his books , they strove to stay as faithful as possible in the film recreation , resulting in three films that were not only very successful , but that also pleased the majority of Tolkien fans . Those involved in the Narnia film project and any other version of a classic and beloved book should take careful notes . Faithfulness to the spirit of a great book as well as the details as much as possible is a great recipe for success in a film adaptation , even when one is not wholly sympathetic to the book 's themes.While I believe the film Prince Caspian is an artistic failure , I am giving it two stars for some decent acting , good visuals , and some impressive special effects .
 Having read the books more times than I can count , I , like many others , was initially disappointed with the first film in the series -LRB- The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe -RRB- , as it did n't line up with the way I had been envisioning the story and the characters for the last 20 years or so since I first read them . After seeing it once or twice more , however , I came to the conclusion that the first film was actually quite good - mostly because , I suppose , it was respectful of the source material . Almost nothing was left out from the book , and the sequences that were added and ` actioned-up ' such as the battle scene , were done so in a way that did not detract from the story , nor did they lose sight of the fact that it is a childrens ' movie based on a childrens ' book . The innocence and simplicity of the stories are one of the things that make them great , after all.This brings us to ` Prince Caspian ' ; a violent , grim monster of a movie with little to recommend it . To begin with , the characters of Peter and Susan have been altered fairly drastically from the book , turning Peter into a sullen bully and Susan into a brainy snob . To paraphrase the next book in the series -LRB- Voyage of the Dawn Treader -RRB- Susan is ` no good at school , though very grown-up in other ways ' . And the Peter of the film deserves none of the respect due a High King , since he 's a whiny brat who clearly ca n't handle the authority that has been bestowed on him by Aslan . And speaking of Aslan , where was he in this film ? There 's hardly a sight or mention of him other than from Lucy . The story is altered as such so that when Aslan says , `` Nothing ever happens the same way twice '' the story is resolved exactly in the manner of the first film . Sloppy writing and pacing abounds . Whereas the crux of the book is seeking Aslan 's direction and following him regardless of whether he can be seen of heard -LRB- yes , it is a fairly strong Christian allegory , and I can respect that some people may not be comfortable with it , but it IS a story , and if the filmmakers were not comfortable with it , they should not have undertaken this project -RRB- . In one of the books , Lucy says to Aslan , `` Its not Narnia , you know . It 's YOU . '' Although often not seen directly , the presence of Aslan is central to the books . In the film , he is set aside and only let out at the end as a way of resolving an otherwise unresolveable story . There are plenty of other things to complain about , such a the age of Caspian -LRB- he 's supposed to be a ` boy king ' , young enough indeed to still have a Nurse who looks after him , instead played by a very pretty 20-something Ben Barnes , who , all things considered does n't do a bad job at it . He just looks a little too much like Orlando Bloom -RRB- , the presence of minotaurs and other ` bad guys ' in Caspian 's army -LRB- the moral clarity of the books is another of their strong points - again a somewhat uncomfortable idea for some , but that 's the way that Lewis wrote them . There are plenty of other films based on young adult books that are a lot more morally relative -RRB- , and some other things , but the biggest problem is the excess of violence.In the first film , there is a big battle scene , but it is not long , and is clearly a struggle between good and evil . It is , in essence , a fantasy battle . The long , drawn-out violence of ` Prince Caspian ' , which is brief and only alluded to in the book -LRB- where instead , Aslan leads an army of Narnians to free the Telmarines mentally and spiritually from the oppression that has been placed on them . It does n't sound exciting , but read the book - it is -RRB- , is much more complex ; the Narnians -LRB- the ` good ' guys -RRB- are fighting an army of humans -LRB- called ` Telmarines ' -RRB- who are doing battle at the behest of their leader , King Miraz . Now , these people are Caspian 's rightful subjects - he is their lawful king . It complicates thing when there is over an hour of war footage where the Narnians slaughter hundreds , maybe thousands of the people they are trying to free from oppression . While Miraz is certainly a villain , his men are n't neccessarily so , and yet we watch as they are mauled by the dozen by Caspian & co. . Do the Narnians have a choice ? In the real world , no . They are justifiably defending themselves . But this is a film , and the writers of the film clearly had n't thought this through . Would Aslan , who has the power to end this conflict at any time -LRB- which he does anyway -RRB- , allow this sort of massacre to take place so that his choice for king can take power ? Likewise , would the Telmarines accept Caspian as their king and liberator after he and his army of non-humans have killed hundreds of their friends , brothers , husbands and sons ? In the book , Miraz , the true villain , is fought and killed , but the Telmarines , whose minds and spirits have been held captive by him , are instead given freedom and purpose , not death and destruction . It seems that the filmakers felt that no one would accept a fantasy film without a massive CGI-driven battle scene , and so they forced as much of it in as they could , even writing a whole new sequence -LRB- the ` castle raid ' , which was not in the book at all -RRB- to increase the body count . At the end of the film I did n't feel victorious , joyful or elated , as I did after the first film , and certainly after reading any of the books . To the point , I felt better after watching ` Platoon ' and ` Saving Private Ryan ' than I did after watching the hollow victory of Caspian at such a high cost . And the last straw was watching Susan groping Prince Caspian in a ` romantic ' moment where the romance was n't even hinted at earlier in the film and was very uncomfortable -LRB- Susan is supposed to be 13 or 14 in this story and looks a few years older , while Caspian is obviously a lot older and looks 25 and that looks like statutory rape in the works -RRB- . Again , we ca n't have a movie without kissing , can we?There are a few positive parts of the film , mainly the performance of Skandar Keynes and Georgie Henley as Edmund and Lucy , both very young actors of impressive ability who do bring a little magic back to Narnia . Overall , however , it seems that everyone else forgot this was supposed to be a childrens ' film , made for children , based on a childrens ' book . The magic , innocence and simplicity are supposed to be a part of it , and in fact , are what makes these stories quite a bit deeper than most childrens ' books . That is why even adults read these books over and over , and that is why this film was a nearly complete failure .
 90 % of it was not in the book . Strong misunderstanding of the book or it 's themes.Basically this was a scifi channel movie -LRB- ie terrible -RRB- with better actors and special effects.Whoever was responsible for this movie should be tied to a pole and whipped , then allowed to go back and play dungeons and dragons by himself in the basement.They could have found someone who could resonate with the book and bring it forward in a new light . Instead they found someone who felt a need to make it a nonstop meaningless sequence of stupid fight scenes.If the movie is only 10 % based on the book , do n't use it 's name . Try and sell your sad movie on it 's own merits .
 I had high hopes for this movie after thoroughly enjoying The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe . Although LWW does deviate from the book in some ways , -LRB- in spite of the casting for the voice of Aslan and the Witch -RRB- , it stays true to the spirit and the overall plot line of the book . I think the battle is awesome , and the four Pevensies are played very well and spiritedly . My dad took my sister and me to see Prince Caspian in the theatre , and , although I had already heard about the kiss , I was pleasantly surprised by the movie . Now , do n't stop reading . We were given the movie before it came out on DVD in the U.S. and our whole family watched it , and liked it . Then we watched it again . By that time , I was beginning to realize that it was n't as great as I had thought -LRB- in part due to my brother , who pointed some things out -RRB- . But I still liked it . Then I watched it again , and I totally disliked it that time . Here are my quarrels with it : *** WARNING
 This film was one long battle sequence after the next . The production felt rushed , and any form of character development is thrown to the winds . Everything begins so abruptly . The setup at the start of the film is almost a joke . The dude that portrays Prince Caspian comes off as a bit of a douche . There was also an overabundace of CGI , AND the director borrows liberally from THE LORD OF THE RINGS and every other fantasy film imaginable.All in all , this was an extremely disappointing experience . I 'd compare it with the way I felt after seeing THE GOLDEN COMPASS , which was another pointless CGI-fest - although NARNIA was n't as stupid . There were a few things to be admired here , but not enough for me to award it anything over two stars . By the way , Peter Dinklage was excellent as always , and was the only character that I cared about . I just hope that he moves away from this sort of thing . THE STATION AGENT was amazing ... Anyways ... I loved the first one , and nearly loathed this one . They need to scrap this and start all over again . C.S. Lewis is probably rolling in his grave . Bless his heart .
 This movie is unfortunately different from the book as others have detailed . For myself , I found that key Christian symbolism -LRB- the purpose of these stories -RRB- was removed , and in its place is far too much emphasis on a statement from Aslan that things never happen the same way twice . Beyond having no great meaning , ironically , the scene occurs twice , with Aslan saying the same thing twice about things not happening the same way twice . Worthless . Where is the emphasis on Nikabrik 's disbelief in the Narnians ' tales of a savior , and where is the emphasis on the faith of Caspian , Cornelius , and Trufflehunter in a savior that lived many years ago who not only died but lived again and will return ? Their dialogue should have been the highlight of the film as it was for me in the book.Incidentally , who else hated the repeated nauseating Reepicheep jokes ? `` You 're a mouse !! '' Ugh . They ruined such a great character . But there are too many complaints about this film to list them all.I intend to own the version of The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe from the same series . I was so pleased with its faithfulness to the novel , and I looked forward to seeing the other books adapted . However , despite the good things they did in Prince Caspian , overall it was too disappointing to watch again , and I have no desire to watch The Voyage of the Dawn Treader .
 As many others have said , the unnecessary deviations from the book were just horrible . Why not just make up a new story about Narnia that Lewis never told before ? The character relationship development was horrible .
 I know there may be plenty of critical reviews here , but I ca n't resist putting my thoughts in.I 'm an avid fan of the Narnia books , I 've read Prince Caspian 4 or 5 times , and I was so excited when this movie came out . About halfway into the movie however , I realized to my dismay and anger that the movie was far off course from the book itself . It had non-stop battles , there was very little conversation , the storm of the castle was completly off track and never happened . The violence was very upsetting , and I acutally thought a few of my young cousins might like this movie , but after I saw the constant war and unnessessary bloodshed , I knew my cousins could never stomach this brutality . I know this movie takes in war of course , but come on ! Some of that frightening aggression was unnessessary , and never happened in the book . You can make a good war movie without overdoing the violence , people.The romance between Caspian and Susan I found absurd and maddening as there was no evidence of it in the book . I think C.S. Lewis would be appualled if he could see this movie , because they warped the message he really had . Lucy never learned in this film to obey Aslan above all else , and not listen to her siblings when they doubted her , and when the other kids disregarded her warnings and travled down the road they were n't attacked as they were in the book , they never learned that Lucy was right in her forewarning . They threw away the message of following Jesus instead of other people , and replaced it with senseless war and viciousness.I was pretty dissapointed with this movie , and I 'm not buying it . To parents , I feel strongly oppossed to this movie , and I do n't think your little ones will like it nor will you . Of course that is your choice to like it , but if you like a good message and a wholesome movie , avoid this one .
 *** Infuriatingly Inaccurate ! *** Die Hard Narian Fans take heed to my advice and do n't even waste your time on this movie . For example Disney thought that it was ok to allow Prince Caspian to KISS Queen Susan -LRB- Attention Disney
 Really , the title of my review is my review . The movie deviated a lot from the book and being a lover of Narnia , that was very disappointing to me . I hate what they did to Peter 's character , I was annoyed by the added `` love interest '' and most importantly , Aslan was often left out . I love in the book the picture of faith and trust with Lucy having to decide whether to follow Aslan even when noone else believed her that he was there . That was not fully addressed in the movie - I suppose cut in leu of more battle scenes and false tension between Peter and Caspian . sigh . A very pretty movie though - I loved the river god - just sadly altered .
 Sometimes a first-time big-budget feature film director achieves great things with a fresh vision and new ideas . This is not one of those times . The director , who has helmed big-budget animated features , has never directed a big live-action film , and it shows . The direction is amateurish at best . The camera work and editing are baffling in many places . Why have an aerial shot pointing straight down for 5 seconds as our heroes go underground , when that aerial shot tracks over some grass and rocks for 5 more seconds only to go to a fade to black transition to the next pointless shot ? And parts of the movie that should be dramatic turn out to be laugh-out-loud funny -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- . The Mexican standoff in Miraz 's chambers is the prime example of this . And the Telmarine accent - hoo boy ! Let 's just say that whenever one of the Telmarines speaks , you ca n't help thinking of Inigo Montoya from the far-superior `` Princess Bride . `` The true problem with this movie is the script . Purists will decry any change to the source material in a motion picture ; the problem is that changes necessarily have to be made to cram a novel into a 2.5 hour movie . However , the changes here are enormous , and to no good end . It 's still unclear what 's happening in half the movie , who the characters are , and why we should care . The first Narnia movie excelled in plot and direction ; `` Caspian '' is a letdown in both areas . Let 's hope that the experienced director heading `` Dawn Treader '' at Fox can do better . Completists will have to watch this ; for others , it 's a pass .
 What a huge disappointment . I loved the first movie so much , and the kids were excellent actors and delivered their roles impeccably . I do n't know what happened to their acting talents in this movie however . Did they change directors ? Especially the oldest brother , his stiff facial expressions and lack of words got on my nerves . The yonger brother did a decent job though . Lucy was alright.I have n't read the books at all , nonetheless I seem to share many of the views of other reviewers here who have read them . The love story is unbearably phony , since it 's not really a love story at all , just a handful of romantic comments thrown in along with a spark-less kiss at the end . The tension between Caspian and the older brother is similarly out of place . I was completely confused by the lack of development of Aslan 's role in this movie . Where had he been all this time ? What made him help the kids out in the end , and why did he wait in the first place ? I mean , a lot of those poor creatures actually died , and a gruesome death at that , yuck!The events unfolded much too quickly to give any depth whatsoever to this movie . The White Witch for example -- what did that little episode have anything to do with the rest of the story ? The scene was utterly sad -- only the Witch managed to deliver a believable performance.So , two stars for the amazing special effects . However I 'd be much happier with a more professional performance of screenwriter and director.We know the actors are good , they just were n't given anything to work with . Perhaps too much money was spent on those nice props , the rest was sort of an afterthought .
 When the first film came out I saw it right away . I have read all the books numerous times and thoroughly enjoyed each one . While I thought they could have done better with the first film I also recognized that one can only do so much in film adaptions of stories like these . I eagerly anticipated the second film , hoping that it would pick up the slack where the first movie failed and build upon it to make the series great.Boy , was I disappointed.Prince Caspian is -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- a shining example with what is wrong with the fantasy film genre today . Let me take you through just a few of the arguments I have with this film :1 . Actors/Acting - The formula Disney seems to be taking with these films is one we have seen way too many times before
 The reason the first Disney `` The Lion , The Witch & The Wardrobe '' movie worked and was so successful , as did all three Lord of The Rings movies , is because the films stuck for the most part to the books . While these other movies might not have contained all the dialog or details , there certainly was not entirely new scenes or story-lines made up as in Prince Caspian . The battle at Prince Caspian 's uncle 's castle does n't even exist in the book . The book might be considered a `` coming of age '' story about Prince Caspian having to grow up into a king - his character in the movie seemed too old and did not reflect well the `` coming of age '' idea . Adding the love interest between Susan and Prince Caspian was also unnecessary - why could n't Disney leave the writing to C.S. Lewis instead of making up their own Hollywood twist on it ? We took our young daughter , who has been read all the books first , to see the movie at the theater and just hope the rest of the movies are n't this bad .
 When The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe came out I did n't want to see it . I practically learned to read on the books , and they have remained favorite annual re-reads . As it turned out , I had no choice but to see it , through my work , and I was amazingly and pleasantly surprised.So I decided to see Prince Caspian too . Again I was surprised , but this time I was surprised by my disappointment . Did not follow the storyline at all . A lot of noise and violence , that was my main impression .
 The Bottom Line : Repeating the formula of the moderately-better `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' -LRB- poor CGI , lots of religious references , and uneven performances -RRB- but with a worse script and a terrible turn by Ben Barnes as a hunky European version of the film 's title character , Prince Caspian not only fails as a self-contained film , but bodes very poorly for the franchise .
 The only thing I have to say is
 I had never read the books , but I really enjoyed the first ` Narnia ' movie . Seemed like a pleasant mix of child literature and fantasy writing , and that movie was a pleasant surprise -LRB- part ` Harry Potter ' , part ` Lord of the Rings ' -RRB- . This new one is n't nearly as good though ; the acting seems more stilted , the story is n't as interesting , and the religious overtones are much more prevalent . I was looking forward to this , but ca n't recommend it others
 The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe was such a captivating and enjoyable movie . I was very much looking forward to Prince Caspian , but I was sorely disappointed with this film . What happened ? The scenery and special effects are spectacular , but there 's so little characterization , I could n't find anyone to root for . The Pevensie children are summoned to save Narnia , but they are presented as completely incompetent . Peter is so consumed with satisfying his own ego , he leads hundreds of innocent Narnians to a horrible death , yet he is never held accountable or shows any remorse . Edmund , who had such an interesting story arc in the first film , has nothing to do here but make a few jokes and fight . Ultimately , that 's all this movie is , a series of impressive but boring battle scenes . I kept waiting for the Pevensie children to become the unified , caring family unit that made them so strong in the first film , but it never happens . There is no growth , no message , no lessons learned . This film could have been so much more , but sadly , the result is nothing more than 2 and 1/2 hours of eye candy .
 Having disliked the first movie -LRB- until pretty much the finale -RRB- , and own but have never watched the BBC versions , I was kidding myself that I actually wanted to go and see them . But after getting my big book of all seven books in one back after two years -LRB- TWO YEARS -RRB- I started reading Prince Caspian again - and I read it overnight . I finished it at 9am , I saw the film at 7:30 pm . -LRB- I 've now started reading all the books from the beginning again , although skipping The Lion The Witch & The Wardrobe/The Horse and His Boy as read the first one too many times , and the latter is the worst . -RRB- With the book fresh in my mind , it probably was n't the greatest idea to go right into seeing the movie . My other big mistake was thinking that Andrew Adamson would actually stay faithful to the book . I learnt to read through these books -LRB- my dad could NOT do the voices -RRB- , and have had a love of reading ever since . Quite an accomplishment in this day and age when kids are more interested in hanging about street corners than sitting quietly reading.The books are n't being filmed in chronological order , which I 'm not too sad about , considering what comes between TLTWATW and Prince Caspian , The Horse And His Boy . In my opinion , THAHB was the worst book . As long as they film The Silver Chair , The Last Battle - OK , I like the rest of the books . As long as they film all of them , I wo n't complain . There 's really not much need to have The Horse & His Boy inbetween , since all it really does is introduce the Telmarines.The film starts with introducing Caspian , but cutting out most of his back story and only giving us a hint of what is really going on . I instantly realised this film was n't going to be the film of my childhood imagination , when they did a major bit wrong - Caspian is unconscious when he 's rescued by the dwarves , not awake . Then a couple of scenes later , Caspian blows the ` magic ' horn . This was n't even ` seen ' in the book , it was only mentioned afterwards.Then we 're shot straight back to war torn London , where Peter , Susan , Edmund and Lucy are all waiting to go back to school . Susan gets chatted up - another silly point in the movie.You know what happens after this - if you 've actually read the book . I do n't mind people who have n't actually read the books , I will quite happily lend it to them - but not if they keep it for two years . But people who talk about the Narnia books , but seem to only talk about TLTWATW - hello there 's another six books !!! Grrr.The actors are getting slightly better now into the second movie . They 're like the Harry Potter actors - they always suck in the first movie . I still do n't like Anna Popplewell as Susan , and she seems to ` blossom ' in this movie . From the outrageous flirting with Caspian -LRB- they do n't even share a scene together in the book until chapter 15 -RRB- to her figure in the outfit when they 're trying to get to Aslan 's How - it 's rated a PG for a reason love , put them away . That 's what I would call a ` wench ' in that outfit . The romantic subplot between her and Caspian was really irrelevant - it did not move the storyline forward in the slightest -LRB- except to make me cringe -RRB- and the heart wrenching scene at the end ??? She does n't even appear again in any more of the books , except albeit briefly . So heart wrenching . She has n't even had any scenes in the next book yet.Ben Barnes as Caspian was absolutely atrocious . He based his accent on Antonio Banderas , and it was truly awful at points . He was never my favourite character in the books , so thankfully he 's only in for two books approximately.Andrew Adamson previously did the Shrek movies , and no doubt there was some influences - if you look at Puss In Boots , and Reepicheep -LRB- voiced by Eddie Izzard , which I did n't think would work -RRB- they 're almost the same character . And funnily enough , one 's a cat and one 's a mouse.There 's one big battle in the book . The director obviously thought it would be ` fun ' to add in another battle scene , the night raid on the castle , which was unnecessary and to extend the other battle scenes so they not only became tiresome and bored me . Not necessary . Also , the reappearance of the White Witch was merely suggested in the book , and never actually appeared , but she 's appears in this for a few minutes.One can only hope that they stick more closely to the books in future films . Or get shot of Andrew Adamson . Maybe I 'll have forgotten my anger by the time Voyage Of The Dawn Treader comes out in 2010 . Read the books in the chronological order as CS Lewis wanted them to be read .
 I now understand why so many great writers will never , or only under the rarest of circumstances , allow their stories to be turned into movies while they are still alive!There 's no excuse for this horrible adaptation ! - `` The Lion , Witch and the Wardrobe '' was a masterpiece , so having the genius to make a C. S. Lewis story into a great film was not an issue . Nor was money ! Hollywood made a lot of cash from it 's first venture into Narnia ! And finding four child & teen actors with fine acting talent to play the lead roles was a smash success . So why such a violent and unimaginative Prince Caspian?One can only speculate . The screenplay , acting and passion are so lacking this time around that I truly wish this story never made it to the Big Screen ! I feel this disaster of a film will even damage the Narnia `` brand . '' Since making money seems to be Hollywood 's only motivation in making this film , they should know better!Prince Caspian was all about fighting and killing , and more killing and more fighting . One scene shows the slaughtering of retreating Narnians and even the deliberate killing of one 's own soldiers in the process . If you want to see real evil in a dumbed down fashion , you 'll see plenty in this movie ! NOR IS THIS FILM APPROPRIATE FOR YOUNG CHILDREN ! There 's certainly nothing cute or delightful about Prince Caspian!Even Aslem was portrayed as a capricious deity , who did n't lift a paw until a child had to risk her life in order to get his attention . Meanwhile , Narians are being crushed to death by flying boulders , while Aslem leisurely has a chat with her about old times . This screenplay must have been written by an Atheist or someone with a very dark sense of humor!I frequently write reviews on films I have strong feelings about . I like to encourage people to see a good film and discourage them from seeing a bad one . Let 's face it , we have so many entertainment choices . But another reason I write reviews is to congratulate Hollywood for a job well-done , or like in this case , when a film is an unmitigated disaster , I hope to affect their bottom line . Because Hollywood is always confronted with two broad choice
 As a fan of fantasy in general , if theres one franchise thats always felt artificial and fake to me , its Narnia . The wonderful books have been reduced to ` Fantasy for Dummies ' here , with production values and acting befitting a late night TV Special . And not in a good way.From the moment the movie began , I had trouble staying awake , only because it seemed to be a really uninspired rehash of the LOTR special effects , but only with less heart or interest . All of the child actors are absolutely useless . They make Macaulay Culkin look like Peter O'Toole - I 'm serious . I 'm sure ` deadpan ' is a cinematic style and all , but these kids have taken it to a whole new level.Oh yeah , and the talking lion was just ridiculous . Let me see , he does a ` fancy thing ' with a river here , and thats supposed to be the films ' big highlight ? I just do n't get the positive reviews for this film . It was poorly made , badly acted , with elves , dwarves , talking mice , fairies etc all thrown in just because they appeared in the book -LRB- and sometimes not even -RRB- Of course , chances are you might just love this , but my own two cents was that it was an absolute waste of time and money . Not to mention I could have been at home fast asleep , or better still , watching reruns of `` The Nanny `` Two Generous StarsPS
 The disc was a region 1 and i cudnt watch it !!!!!!!!!!!!! And i could not change my Samsung player to multi region .
 Well , it depends what you want . If that is another cute fantasy film with Disney-esque animals and wise-cracking , snogging , contemporary teenagers -LRB- `` Sorted ! '' -RRB- , plus some soft-cheesy music at the end , then this is your movie . If you want something that Lewis might have regarded without horror and despair , this is n't it .
 This movie is absaloutley awful , the acting was so bad , it made me cringe in my seat . This is one example where they should have completely recasted . It was also upsetting when it decided that it wanted to be `` Lord of the Rings '' with all the screenshots and battles . I love the books , the Chronicles of Narnia are one of my favorite series , and the previous adaptation of `` The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe '' I loved , but this strayed much too far from the book . The reason the four children slipped by with no acting ability in the first one was because their roles were not so serious . I mean , here they are killing other human beings without even flinching ! Susan just whips out her bow and shoots trained soldiers off their horses with the nonchalance of getting out of bed ! I tend to be very hard on movies . If you can sit through terrible unconvincing acting that makes Vin Diesels `` Fast and the Furious '' look like `` There Will be Blood '' , than it 's a mildly enjoyable time at the cinema .
 I have n't read the books , so I 'm not prejudiced in any way . But as someone who actually enjoyed the first one I was startled by how shockingly dull this snoozefest sequel is.I can sit here and spend an hour writing a review that tears the film apart bit by bit though , quite frankly , I have better things to do with my time so I will only focus on my biggest complaints.Yes , I know it 's a film for kids and that it 's rated PG but where is the blood ? Hundreds of people , humans and creatures alike , are felled in battle but there is not one drop of blood in the whole movie . What is this teaching our children about violence exactly ? Do n't give me any nonsense about traumatizing them either . I sawPredator -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- when I was a kid and I turned out fine . But this is Disney after all and the only people keeping them afloat as a studio are overprotective mothers who fear absolutely everything and are only too happy to spend money on movies and products that falsely suggest that the world is a magical and safe place -LRB- this is what you call being ` Disneyfied ' -RRB- and consider something as tame and boring as Prince Caspian to be dark and tough . `` You may find Narnia a more savage place than you remember , '' warns Aslan . Wow , does that mean that we 'll be getting Rambo-level violence ? Sadly , no . However , more people are killed in this film . Can you work that out ? Because I ca n't . Since I have n't read the book I was n't previously orientated as to who 's who and what their motivations are , and the film does n't make it any clearer I promise you . Far , far too often I found myself asking ` Who is he ? ' , ` Who are they ? ' , ` Why are all the bad guys identical to each other ? ' , ` Why are they the bad guys again ? ' . ` What do they want ? ' . ` Why are they all Spanish ? ' , ` Why are the kids still kids ? Should n't they return to Narnia as adults ? ' And so on ... and so on ... The only thing this film is good for is a cure for insomnia . I know that 's a childish and crass and far from being a clever soundbite but it was so catatonic that it simply is not inspiring an intelligent review out of me.Whatever charmThe Chronicles of Narnia
 Not only was this a poor followup to an initial success in the first of the Narnia films , but it would be a dreadfully poor stand-alone film . The plot was convoluted and hard to follow , and while the original cast did well , the additions just left no memorable trace . The story , itself , felt like it was n't well fleshed out , or the editing was n't properly done resulting in a plot that felt forced and an audience that did n't care . The film was beautiful to watch . Its landscapes and CGI were stunning , on par with the first film .
 Okay , once again I disagree with the mainstream critics , although I see several customer review that are n't too far off my opinion . I did n't much like the first NARNIA film , mainly because of the kids . I found them terribly annoying , obnoxious , terminally cute . I figured I 'd try the sequel because they 're now older . Wrong . They 're still annoying , especially the youngest . -LRB- I never like Shirley Temple , either . -RRB- The movie is very dark , in both senses of the word
 Warning to those with older Receivers . This Blu-Ray disk only has a DTS audio soundtrack in English . If you have a Receiver , like I do , that only decodes Dolby Digital 5.1 , there is no audio output.The rest of this review is for the clueless producers of this Blu-Ray disk . Obviously they have learned nothing from the costly lost sales of the war with HD-DVD . People like me are not going to buy an expensive new Receiver just to play a particular movie on Blu-Ray . Especially with six audio formats to cover and perhaps more to come ! I will rent this movie on DVD and wait for the audio wars to end . Since Blu-Ray has plenty of capacity , I do not see any reason why an English Dolby 5.1 soundtrack could not be included to ensure backwards compatibility . Particularly since Dolby 5.1 is already provided on this disk in other languages . From reading various blogs and reviews , I know I am not the only potential lost sale .
 Note To Andrew Adamson
 I usually like movies with war scenes but this one 's just aWful , so awful it 's embarrassing .
 I was disappointed with this seller . I got an empty DVD case that was shrink wrapped . The most frustrating part about it was I never received a response back from the seller after trying to get in contact over and over again . There goes my hard earned cash !
 The seller sent the wrong item and has never sent the item ordered . Said I needed to pay to ship the wrong item back but that he did not have the item ordered . Very disappointed .
 Let me start with my internet connection was great . I checked my connection and my settings 7 times . And I had rented another movie from Amazon and it played flawlessly . And just to be absolutely sure I rented yet another movie -LRB- all 48 HR paid movies -RRB- and that one worked perfect . At least 10 times I for a error message saying you are having trouble playing this title please try again or choose another movie . Or you are unable to view this movie etc. . . When it did play it was terrible quality . Or a scene would freeze up but the audio still continued . Very dissapointed .
 If you enjoyed the book , you wo n't want to watch the Disney version of this movie . Characterization was changed -LRB- a friendly dwarf became a nasty grump , Prince Caspian and King Peter had jealousy issues -RRB- ; scenes were added that were n't in the book , and basically all of the best parts of the book were omitted . There were battles that never took place . In fact , fighting was the main focus of this movie . Anything that had any hint of spirituality was obliterated from the movie . If Disney wanted to create a fantasy battle movie , they should have just hired someone to write one . Prince Caspian is definitely NOT the Prince Caspian that C.S. Lewis wrote . I will definitely not watch any more Disney adaptations of Narnia .
 Well folks , I will not deal with the story . That is not what irritates me . First , the three disk set has two `` bland '' labeled DVDs . The third one looks like the play disk , but is a disk for Ipod or MS Media disk player . To make things more difficult , Disney wants some kind of input code number as if you were loading softwarwe . In my case the thing did n't work.Also , I am sooo sick and tired of Disney putting a ton of movies on DVD for sale at the beginning of their disks . Sure , it only takes about 8 clicks of the remote to get by them , but why should we have to do more than one click.I thought it was about time someone mentions these points .
 ... which is not meant as a compliment.I love the Narnia books , and enjoyed the first movie . Just saw `` Caspian '' last night with my daughter -LRB- she for the second time -RRB- . I tend to agree with people who gave this 1 or 2 stars ... boring ... too violent , yet strangely bloodless ... characters made choices that seemed to make no sense ... I often found myself thinking , `` Wait . Now why is s/he doing that ? '' . Given that , I 'd like to add my ... RANDOM THOUGHTS : Not only was this movie dark -LRB- in the sense of violent -RRB- , I found it to be just plain dark -LRB- as in hard to see -RRB- . The beginning scene and the raid on the castle were too dark for me to see parts of it.I was bored.The young man who played Prince Caspian was apparently trying to channel Antonio Banderas . The accent was not needed.At almost 2.5 hours , `` Caspian '' was far too long and boring.Peter is the High King . He lives a grown up life in Narnia . Now we see him back in London , yearning not to be `` treated like a kid '' -LRB- or words to that effect -RRB- . He returns to Narnia , only to constantly act like a wounded adolesent , getting into -LRB- pardon the expression -RRB- p * ssing matches with Prince Caspian time and time again.The young woman who played Queen Susan appears to be a foul mood most of the movie , which is too bad as she seems like a capable actress.The machismo especially seemed very opposite of the spirit of C.S. Lewis ' writings . -LRB- Note to script writer
 This is the second of Walden Media 's adaptations of CS Lewis ' Narnia Chronicles , helmed by the same writer-director , Andrew Adamson . Parents of younger children will find it less child-friendly than the earlier film -- it is darker , more violent , with a more confusing plot , with older actors -LRB- far older than in the book -RRB- , and a less of a focus on animal characters . Older kids embarrassed by child-friendly material will probably call it an improvement -LRB- but without , I suspect , much more actual enjoyment -RRB- . On balance , I rate it no better than the first film - in that it is equally devoid of the charm , wit , humor , intelligence and moral perspective that can be found in the source novels , and with only a handful of inspired moments.Adamson continues his agenda of systematically trashing Lewis ' characters . This time , Peter gets the worst of it , being portrayed as insecure , egotistical and power hungry . The other Pevensies fare slightly better in comparison , but they are a miserable and surly lot , apparently incapable of passing up an opportunity to hurt each-other -LRB- or anyone else -RRB- with a mean-spirited jibe . As in the first film , every crisis is an excuse for a hellish bout of finger-pointing , blame-mongering and whining . Adamson seems scarcely able to imagine people treating each-other any other way.That Adamson expects approval for such spitefulness is evidenced by Lucy 's taunting of Trumpkin during his confrontation with Aslan -LRB- which incidentally is rather dull in comparison with the Book -- Aslan just roars at him -RRB- . This was clearly none of her business . Had she behaved so in the book , she would surely have got a scolding from Aslan herself.Secondary characters are trashed too . Caspian becomes a jerk for whom revenge takes precedence over concern for his subjects . Trumpkin the Dwarf has become a dour and charm-less bore , whose interactions with the Children are devoid of any glimmer of human warmth , and who seems scarcely distinguishable from his more-villainous counterpart , Nikabrik . Trufflehunter is entirely forgettable , and seems more like a weasel than a badger . The Bulgy Bears -- perhaps judged not cool enough -- are entirely absent.It is in many ways more violent than the book , and in some way less so . I personally would not mind seeing Trumpkin decapitate the Hag , or Peter decapitate the treacherous Lord , as occurred in the book . We are spared such sights here . What is regrettable is not so much the level of graphic violence as the level of viciousness . In the book , our heroes committed violent acts when necessary and justifiable , but also showed moral restraint , and concern for others , including enemies . The film ups the level of casual , thoughtless killing , and eliminates most evidence of compassion and moral restraint . If , by some chance , the heroes do show mercy , it is with the worst grace imaginable , as if the sole purpose of sparing an enemy 's life were to humiliate him.One example of the film 's mindset is the treatment of Reepicheep . In the BOOK , Reepicheep , the mouse warrior , was honored and respected for his courage and chivalry . But the idea that there might be virtues other than brute strength is apparently an alien concept to Adamson , who turns the miniscule Reepicheep into a terrifying , death-dealing monster . During battles , he flies toward human throats with the alacrity of the Monty Python 's Vicious Bunny , and in one bizarre scene , single-handedly dispatches a half-dozen Telmarine soldiers.There are many changes . The novel had a somewhat non-linear plot , and I understand that presenting it effectively on the big screen would requires some creativity . I agree , for instance , that starting with Caspian , and having the Pevensies appear later , is probably the best way to adapt . Still , this could have been adapted better . Whenever the story makes no sense , which is very frequently , you can be sure that it happened very differently in the book . Lewis plotted his stories with care.The best scene , I thought , was Lucy dancing with the leaves .
 This sequel is greatly inferior to the first movie . Where the first one had an interesting story , nice atmospheric environment with the ice world , and a sense of awe , this sequel is almost nothing but fights and chases . Very dull .
 I 'm doubtful the writers involved in this travesty ever read `` Prince Caspian . '' Or worse , they DID read it and decided they could write it better . Whatever happened , this film is a derivative work with virtually nothing in common with the novel beyond character names and locations.I 'd love to say I understand why the writers and production teams would take such extreme liberties with the original story line , but the truth is I really do n't understand it . Too much effort is placed on portraying the Pevensie kids as ordinary kids -LRB- perhaps to make them more relatable and likeable to child/young adult audience . -RRB- I found this absurd . Peter , Susan , Edmund , and Lucy are NOT ordinary kids . They have lived a lifetime as warriors and rulers of an unique fantasyland , grew to adulthood there , and were magically returned to their earthly/childhood forms . These kids should n't be engaging in petty fistfights or rivalries . Nor should Peter be leading his troops into ill-planned suicide missions.I found Susan 's character more sympathetic but also disjointed . As lovers of the Narnia series know , Susan is the sibling who ultimately loses faith in Narnia and pulls away from her role there . `` Prince Caspian '' provides interesting clues and character development as to why Susan might behave this way . A light , slightly cheesy romance element is thrown in to emphasize this . However , Susan is also presented as a truly violent character , and I was shocked by this since it went so against the grain of the original story.Ben Barnes is gorgeous eye candy . He 's a tremendous actor , but you wo n't see it in this film because his role requires little of him besides looking young , studly , and a bit bewildered most of the time.Georgie Henley and Skander Keynes had the most remarkable performances in the film , probably because they were the only stars permitted to accurately portray their assigned characters . Edmund is indeed `` King Edmund the Just '' even if he 's still a young teen boy . Clear thinking and mindful of his conscience . And Lucy 's faith and spiritual confidence based upon her closeness to Aslan is wonderful and terrifying to behold . Her wordless confrontation of the attacking Telmarines on the bridge is possibly the one thrilling moment in this movie . The Telmarines clearly do n't know who they should fear most
 I was very disappointed with how far this movie strays from the actual story!It is `` roughly '' Prince Caspian but is lacking a lot of major elements.Number one , they left out Aslan almost entirely until the very end . Those who are familiar with the book will remember that Aslan is the most important part of the story 's strength and development . It was he who called the children into Narnia for his purpose an plan . Half of the book is about Aslan and the children , so the fact that they left his importance out of the movie really ruins the story.No Aslan , no Narnia!There are a number of other aspects that do not stick to the book , but some of these could be more easily overlooked if they had not strayed from the real `` Heart '' of the story.The other big disappointment for me was how they altered Peter 's character . His whole attitude changed . You never get a chance to warm up to him and in the end are almost glad that he will not be returning to Narnia . -LRB- The same can be said for Susan . -RRB- The story line seemed very weak , and the relationship that they tried to create between Caspian and Susan was totally unnecessary and I felt , helped a great deal in ruining the film as well.But if you are not interested in the faithfulness of the story , Andrew Adamson 's `` Prince Caspian '' is an action packed adventure with many wonderful visual , and special effects.However , I would highly recommend that you read the story . The book has so much more richness and purpose.I wish they had stuck to this story as well as they had the `` The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe '' . I hope that they will do better on `` The Voyage of the Dawn Treader '' . We will see ... ! These are just a few of my thoughts . Needless to say , I feel that they could have made this film a lot better .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the first Narnia movie in fact I own it . Prince Caspian was nothing short of boring to me & my husband . It was far removed from the book , just a glimpse of Aslan & numerous senseless battle scenes . The Ice Queen got my attention but for just as long as she was on the screen .
 This was suppose to be a new DVD however it does not work very good . We had to go to the video store and rent one from them to watch it .
 Unfortunately , I respectfully disagree with some of the other commentators . I do n't think this movie was particularly good . It was considerably violent -- Despite the caution taken to not show much blood , innumerable people/creatures are killed , even by our heroes . But the non-stop battles do n't serve to advance the plot much , and there is poor , if any , real character development . While I loved the books and enjoyed the first movie , sadly , I could hardly wait until this second installment was over . Hopefully they 'll do better next time .
 Prince Caspian Was n't what I expected sure the Action and Special Effects were Neat but as far as the story goes I Did n't Like it I , ll Tell you why first of all I have read the book Prince Caspian by CS.Lewis and Loved it but the Stupid Filmmakers Completely changed and Ruined the Movie first off they started the film with Edmund and Peter Fighting their schoolmates which was totally unnecessary also speaking off Fighting later on in Narnia Peter and Caspian fight and do n't get along very well . which in the book they are a Wonderful Team . they also made Caspian blow the Magic Horn too Fast and the last thing I could n't Stand was a Ridiculous ongoing Romance between Susan and Caspian . the Lion the witch and the wardrobe was Much Better in following the Book More Closely . also they made the wear-Wolf Battle too Extreme and went Overboard on the Violence and Magic in the book its supposed to be just a Little Part . for someone who likes an action packed Fantasy Film then you should buy it but I would n't Call it Prince Caspian .
 It had been awhile since I 'd read the books , and having enjoyed the first Narnia film I was looking forward to seeing this . Yet , I was left with an empty feeling upon watching it . I was unable to put my finger on the reason for this , so I went back and re-read the book.A-ha ! The film diverges so vastly from the book that what we are left with is yet another example of why Hollywood has struggled so much in recent years to make big budget , quality , substantial movies . They have a tendency to sacrifice heart and substance for flash and marketing appeal.Now I know film versions of books have to take some liberties , even with relatively short books like Prince Caspian , in order to try and come in around two - to two-and-a-half hours in length . That usually means sacrificing some character development.But what we have here is character RE-development . They changed the characters of almost all the main players , one suspects , because some executives focus-grouped it and decided to make it more appealing to the teen market . -LRB- The irony of 40-50 year old executives sitting around deciding what teens want or do n't want is amusing . -RRB- I wo n't list out all the vast changes this film made with the book ; other reviewers here have done an admirable job with that already . But I will say that in just about every serious deviation the filmmakers took away from the book , it was a step in the wrong direction . What we are left with is a rather hollow stringing together of fantasy/action/romance elements , many of which were simply the invention of the filmmakers and had nothing to do with Lewis ' book . Let 's hope they do better with the next Narnia film .
 I greatly enjoyed this book , but found almost no similarities between it and this movie . The plot was completely wrong . Prince Caspian is described as a child in the book . His uncle speaks to him as though he were a small child , certainly not a young man . Aslan is very minor in the movie , which takes all the power right out of it . All the battle scenes are ridiculous . They changed almost everything important . The only thing they were on target with is they capture the essence of reepacheep perfectly , but other than that this movie is a huge waste of time , if you love c.s. lewis . Maybe you would like it if you never read the book . But honestly the book is much more interesting
 I thought `` The Chronicles of Narnia
 The movie had good visuals and plenty of action , and had the potential for good storylines and character development - but fell short , in my view , of reaching its full potential due to an overall lack of clarity and coherence . Early on , for example , the kids were unexpectedly thrust into Narnia , but they did n't seem overly perplexed as to why this had happened . Another example occurred in subsequent scenes , when there was some confusion over who the central character was intended to be in the movie - Peter or Caspian . This point was still somewhat muddled at the end.Overall , because this movie is part of the Narnia series , it is expected to have a moral to the story . Unfortunately , the particular meaning of this movie was not as clear as it might have been . The moral , presumably , was that the characters should have sought out the lion , Aslan , right from the start , rather than trying to proceed on their own wisdom and strength . The movie could have punctuated that point better throughout the movie , in my view , and especially at the end . Although the ending is satisfying , the moral point could easily be lost on viewers.Also , the movie was rather violent - not gory , but filled with suggestions of serious violence throughout . For this reason , it 's not clear that the movie is highly recommended for children . All in all , the movie is pretty good for a couple of hours of entertainment , and had good potential , but it was not as good as it could have been .
 This 2nd one is definetly not as good as the first one . I 'm big into movies and always buy blu-ray , especially when it comes to animated stuff . Younger kids might like it just as much , but I did n't at all . I was kind of lost in the beginning trying to remember where the last one left off , so it would be a wise decision to watch the first one right before watching the second one . Wish they would have made it more exciting and better overall .
 I realise this is a childrens film ... but it 's dire . Like scream out loud dire . And long enough to make you wonder ` why did I just waste a significant part of my life to this ? ' The first half is pretty decent but then come the battle scenes . Moronic tosh . Oh so many pregnant pauses - mid battle - while people stop and gaze in to the distance ... so many blatant copies of Lord Of The Rings scenes but without the style or competence ... so many opportunities to kill the bad guy which are not taken ... I walked away from the TV multiple times because it was , well , so crap . Frustrating crap at that . Avoid at all costs and watch LOTR instead .
 And this movie is a great example why . I lucked out with the firstChroniclesmovie , it was good enough that I gave it a 7/10 . It did everything that a movie like that should do , without any major mistakes . This sequel however lacks everything that made the first one good . It has no human element . It literally feels like they just went through the motions and decided to make a fantasy movie for kids , with no regard for script revision , character development , meaningful dialogue , etc. . It 's a BASIC kids movie , which means nothing truly has to be fleshed out . This approach will ALWAYS result in a fundamentally bad movie . ** All the charm from the first movie was gone , and other than Lucy , these characters just are n't likable very much at all . The girl playing Lucy did a great job here like last time though , I hope she gets many more roles . ** What 's up with the constant , sweeping , forced , emotional music ? ** Edmund and Susan felt like role players . They got lost amidst the shuffle of all these characters . It got to the point where I was consciously watching to see what lines they would speak next . And those lines mostly consisted of soulless , interchangeable lines that could 've been spoken by one of the bears or cheetahs for all we care . ** I really hate to compare it with the Lord of the Rings movies , but it 's really hard not to do when you have walking trees going into battle , a water creature summoned to wash away bad guys on horseback , and bow and arrow tricks being performed which does n't involve actually shooting the arrow . . ** Susan 's kiss to Caspian at the end goes in my book as one the most contrived kisses I 've seen in awhile . There was nothing that happened for her to even develop these feelings . From what I can recall , there was no more than one or two times that they even specifically looked at each other . And during the times they did that -LRB- looked at each other -RRB- , I was actually praising the movie that they did n't overdo it with these forced exchanges where the girl shyly looks at the handsome hero , with just a hint of a smile on her face , as she then walks away as the hero searchingly gazes at her , with a wondering , thoughtful look on his face , before the scene fades to the next . I was glad they DID N'T go this route and kept it subtle . Well so much for that ; she ends up randomly KISSING him on the mouth at the end . Contrary to what movies may have you believe , this NEVER happens . Ever . No girl does that . Think about it from a real life perspective , this would be the equivalent of you helping a female friend unpack her things after a move , during which time her female roommate is also there -LRB- which sets the scenario for you sort of knowing this other girl -RRB- , and then after all the unpacking is done , the roommate comes up to you and just plants one on your mouth . How realistic does that sound ? Bottom line
 I purchased this for my 11 year old son for Christmas . He has the first movie and has watched it numerous times . After we watched this movie I asked how he liked it . His response was same as mine . We give this a D rating , at best , a C. I have a feeling he wo n't be watching this over and over again .
 How can anyone who read the book like this movie?I realize that in film adaptions of books you have to cut things out . I have mostly resigned myself to the fact that certain liberties will be taken . That being said , I am still completely shocked and disgusted at this version of Prince Caspian . I wo n't go into everything they did wrong but here are some things that really bothered me :1 -RRB- the scene where they attack the castle - I mean , REALLY ? You leave out so much great stuff from the book and add ... this ? 2 -RRB- the romance between Caspian and Susan - there was not a HINT of this in the book at all .3 -RRB- Peter and Caspian constantly going at it - again , not a hint of this in the book , Caspian is always bowing to Peter 's authority4 -RRB- the witch comes back - yes , they discussed bringing her back in the book . NO , they did not actually do it.I 'll spare you the rest of my -LRB- very long -RRB- list , but let me just say that I feel sorry for everyone who watched it with me because I spent most of the time yelling at the tv screen . It just burns me up that they had all the components to make a great movie - an awesome cast of actors , good costuming , beautiful scenery and sets , a HUGE budget - and this is the best they could come up with.Do yourself a favor - skip this movie and read the book instead .
 Due to overseas travel I missed the chance to see this movie in the theaters and had been eagerly anticipating it for a Christmas present . Now I wish I had asked for something else.I have read and cherished the Narnia series for many many years and Prince Caspian has always been one of the ones I loved the most.This was * not * the book I know and love . While the costumes and the scenery and the music were very well done -LRB- except for that god awful atonal yodeling song that starts up at the end of the movie -RRB- . . I really did n't feel any love for the book in the movie . They changed * so * much of the dialog and the story I really felt they had missed the sentiment behind it ... if I was a teacher I 'd ask the director if he really read the book or if he just looked at the Cliff 's notes . *** Spoilers *** The constant posturing between Peter and Caspian and in fact the aggressive and hostile personality they gave Peter ... Where did that come from ? And the trumped up romance between Susan and Caspian ? bleh ... Where was * that * in the book ?? What * was * in the book was Aslan who was mostly missing in the movie , the sentiments and the lessons and the blossoming of the Pevensies into their older selves and their reunion with Aslan . . all of that was left out . Trumpkin was reduced to a bit player in the background which really irritated me . They skipped the freeing of the town of Beruna in favor of * more * unneeded combat/battle scenes . It seems the movie was mostly made by a bunch of guys who really like medieval -LRB- ish -RRB- warfare reenactments and had been given carte blanch to go nuts with a large movie budget behind them.The whole siege the castle bit as well was entirely fabricated and unnecessary . At the end of the movie I was left with a feeling of `` ok now where is the rest of the book ? '' Quite a letdown and very sad because the Lion , The Witch and the Wardrobe was done pretty well and had stayed fairly true to the book - it really got my hopes up for Caspian which promptly dashed them.I can only hope they learn from the mistakes they 've made and do not butcher the Voyage of the Dawntreader in the same manner.I 'd give it 1.5 stars if there were halves available .
 I have been a huge C. S. Lewis and Narnia fan practically all my life . I loved the new adaptation of LWW and was really looking forward to seeing Prince Caspian . There are some things that were captured very well , such as the lovable feisty characters of Reepicheep and the dwarf Trumpkin , and the culture of the Telmarines . Lucy and Edmund were in top form . And the visuals - the special effects , costumes , etc - were superb.But I was disappointed that they took so many departures from the book . There were some departures in LWW as well , but not quite so many . It seems most of the professional critics think the filmmakers `` improved '' on C. S. Lewis ' plotting , but I disagree . I believe these differences cheapened Lewis ' story.First of all , Peter was not nearly such a mess-up in the book . The only mistake he made in the book was not listening to Lucy at first when she tried to convince them that Aslan was telling them to go a certain way through the woods . He never got in a fight in the train station . He did n't plan or execute an ill-fated raid on Miraz ' castle -LRB- that whole scene was an invention of the filmmakers ; there was no castle raid in the book and no Narnians died in vain -RRB- . And he was always respectful of Caspian ; they never had any sort of ` power struggle . ' He relied on Aslan to be the main savior of Narnia , not himself . It was his idea to challenge Miraz to a duel , not Caspian 's . This excerpt from the book shows how far the movie went away from the book in all these ways : `` Now , '' said Peter ... `` Aslan and the girls are somewhere close . We do n't know when he will act . In his time , no doubt , not ours . In the meantime he would like us to do what we can on our own . You say , Caspian , we are not strong enough to meet Miraz in pitched battle . '' `` I 'm afraid not , High King , '' said Caspian . He was liking Peter very much , but was rather tongue-tied ... `` Very well , then , '' said Peter , `` I 'll send him a challege to single combat . '' No one had thought of this before . `` Please , '' said Caspian , `` could it not be me ? I want to avenge my father . '' `` You 're wounded , '' said Peter . `` And anyway , would n't he just laugh at a challenge from you ? I mean , we have seen that you are a king and a warrior but he thinks of you as a kid . `` Second , Susan was n't anti-social or giving boys a fake name to put them off . She was actually much more of a brat than Peter in the book ; she was mean to Lucy and would n't believe Lucy had seen Aslan . She and Lucy went together , with Aslan , to destroy the bridge at Beruna -LRB- which was a town with people in it -RRB- . And Caspian was most certainly between 10 and 14 years old in the book and presumably too young for Susan ; there was no hint of any romantic interest.Third , Aslan was much more of a presence in the book . He was a constant presence from when he led the four siblings and Trumpkin to Caspian 's hideout , till the end of the book . I was disappointed that this was not the case in the movie , because Aslan is by far my favorite character in the stories.Fourth , the movie almost seemed like nothing but near-constant battle scenes with loud dramatic music . They added the extra invented castle battle scene , and left out several ` non-battle ' events in the book , such as Lucy and Susan freeing the town of Beruna , and two celebratory parties hosted by Aslan . I do n't know if maybe this is because they were trying to make it more LOTR-ish , or more appealing to the male population , or what . But it was annoying and felt very unbalanced.The third book , `` The Voyage of the Dawn Treader , '' is my favorite in the Narnia series . I hope they see fit to stick more closely to the book . Although that 's hard to imagine , since - gasp - there are no battle scenes in that book ! Whatever will they do ?? Invent some , I guess .
 I write this from the point of view of someone who grew up knowing and loving C. S. Lewis 's Chronicles of Narnia . It was horrible to see , therefore , what some Peter Jackson-inspired movie director did to `` Prince Caspian . `` Everyone in the movie acts like a jerk . The character called `` Peter '' picks fights with random people , agonizes over his ego and emotions , and gets a lot of people killed . The character called `` Susan '' is given a gratuitous romantic sub-plotline with the character called `` Caspian . '' `` Caspian '' himself is a clueless and inept leader . Both major and secondary characters are mean and creepy . None of them are supposed to be that way . It was all changed for the movie.Sometimes when a story is expanded by being made into a movie , it becomes richer and more complete . This is not one of those times . The book made sense in its very simplicity , and because the simple things were straightforward it could also be a roaring good story . In the movie , however , the changes make the story seem ridiculous . Why would Caspian want to associate with the Narnians when they all seem to be snarling out of shadows and most of them look vaguely deformed ? Why would anyone want to follow the four Pevensey children into battle when they are mainly occupied with spiteful bickering ? The story makes perfect sense when the characters are friends held together by love and loyalty . Without that , not even epic battles can redeem it , since while characters are locked in a death struggle you 're only thinking , `` My gosh , this is embarrassing . You 're acting like idiots . Please stop . `` The movie of `` The Lion , The Witch , And The Wardrobe '' held true to the book , but this is a different animal altogether . Major digressions have been forced into the plot . Good and valuable things from the book have been left out . Others have been changed into weird and creepy perversions of themselves.As for the filming itself , unlike `` The Lion , The Witch , And The Wardrobe , '' much of the movie takes place in darkness . It 's a gray and grim world , and not in a good way . Even though the movie does contain battles , swords , and sorcery -LRB- which it should n't -RRB- , it was actually boring . The characters were so objectionable that you did n't care what they were going to do.Now , if you like stories with magic , mystery , glory , confrontations , battles , great swordfights , and the kind of fun and wonder that makes you long to be there yourself , there 's a really good story that contains all of those things . It 's by C. S. Lewis , and it 's called , `` Prince Caspian . '' I think you 'll like it !
 Prince Caspain was terribly dissappointing . I read all the books when I was 8 and I loved them ! I was delighted with The Warbrobe . It was well done , followed the storyline and the characters were true to form . I was hoping for the same quality in Prince Caspian .1 -RRB- It was darker and more adult . The characters were more cynical , the opening scene of a woman giving birth was not needed , Miraz was far more cruel than he was in the book and so on .2 -RRB- The charactes were out of character . The romance between Susan and Caspian was out of place , Reepicheep became a sad attempt at comic relief rather than a gallant mouse , Peter was a sullen , whiney , self centered teenager instead of the high king . Trumpkin was not a DLF ! He was surly and cynical . The only one in character was Lucy .3 -RRB- The storyline was WAY OFF !! The beruna bridge was stone in the book and had been built long before . There was no high school fight in the beginning , there was no attack on Miraz 's castle . Peter and Caspian worked together instead of fighting.Overall the movie was dumbed down . It was as though the movie makers felt they needed to improve the book in order for people to enjoy it . Why is it so hard to just follow the book when mkaing a movie ? Especially such a wonderful classic that still appeals to all ages years after it was written.At some point I might be able to watch it as just a movie instead of a Chornicle of Narnia but I doubt it .
 C. S. Lewis was one of the greatest writers and storytellers of the twentieth century , whose work could not have been improved upon . However , this is just what the makers of this film have unsuccessfully tried to do . Abbreviation is understandable and often necessary , but the filmmakers have seemingly abandoned much of what makes this story distinctive . For example , Lewis 's Caspian - truly brave and noble despite his inexperience and misgivings - is turned into a stubborn , rash , and rather petty young man -LRB- an inappropriate portrayal of what is commonly thought of as modern teenage angst ? -RRB- . In the book , Peter assures Caspian that he -LRB- Peter -RRB- has n't returned to take Caspian 's throne , but to restore Caspian to it , and that is that . In the film , we get a lot of petty squabbling before the question is settled . Of course the love interest between Caspian and Susan is quite out of place and ridiculous . In the book , Aslan is guiding the whole affair even though he appears only half-way through . In the film , the lion does n't really appear until the near the end , and we do not get the feeling that he is really in control of events the whole time -LRB- this is an idea that Lewis presents more clearly in The Horse and His Boy , but it is present in this book as well -RRB- We get the sense that the characters are sort of left to their own devices . Some of Lewis 's beautifully rich statements are conspicuously absent , in favor of some rather cliched one-liners ... it seems the filmmakers are assiduously avoiding much of the philosophical underpinnings of this story . To be quite honest , if it is necessary to do so , I , for one , would rather they find their source material elsewhere . I 'm sure there are many appropriate subjects for an action/war/fantasy movie out that will satisfy moviegoers without damaging many people 's concept of such a great work of fiction.And they left out the dancing trees . That was one of my favorite parts and they left it out .
 I grew up on the Narnia Books and thought The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe was well adapted to the big screen . However , Prince Caspian seemed to try to add all of the adventures of current box office hits rather than going with the strength of the story . Everything seemed too over the top
 On their way to school one day , the Pevensie kids are magically whisked out of a tube station back to the woods of Narnia . There they meet Prince Caspian of Telmarine -LRB- next door to Narnia -RRB- , who has just escaped his evil uncle 's henchmen . It seems the Telmarines thought Narnia and its inhabitants were gone forever - it has been 1300 -LRB- Narnian -RRB- years sinceThe Chronicles of Narnia
 I gave this installment of `` The Chronicles of Narnia '' two stars only because of the special effects . The story really departed from the book and could have been much better had it followed the book more closely . In the book , Prince Caspian was a young boy , NOT an adult . The Disney folks only made him an adult so they could work in a love interest with Queen Susan . I do n't object to a love interest in a movie if it belongs . In this case , it was totally uncalled for . Finally , too many scenes were taken out that were in the book . For example , Aslan 's romp with Bacchus and the Mynaids . Other scenes were substituted that were not in the book at all , such as the over-long battle scene in King Miraz 's castle . In this installment of the Narnian Chronicles , Disney has rewritten history . For shame , Disney !
 C.S. Lewis has to be rolling over in his grave , as this pathetic adaptation abandons his story early on and turns into a smarmy , boring CGI exercise . Pointless battles , pointless special effects , flat characters , ridiculous dialog and no sense of wonder at all . The film invents half baked soap opera subplots that go nowhere . I ca n't imagine a worse film adaptation . Prince Caspian is the weakest of the Narnia books , but it is a jewel compared to this dreck .
 Apparently Andrew Adamson thinks he can tell a better story than C.S. Lewis . Saying this movie is `` based '' on the book by the same title would be using the word `` based '' very loosely . While there are some commonalities between the two , probably 80 to 90 % of the movie is comprised of material not in the book . If you are watching the movie without having ever read the books then it could be called a decent story . However , if you are expecting it to re-tell the story of Prince Caspian , then you will be greatly disappointed.Once again , Hollywood thought they could improve a story by re-making it , and once again they failed . A prime example ... the added `` romance '' between two of the main characters . This was the worst addition of all !
 Others here report well on the serious problems with this movie 's production
 Succintly ? Too much Lord of the Rings , not enough Chronicles of Narnia.Events in the book are not really rendered faithfully , but used more as a barebones plot to make a straightforward `` Return of the King '' - esque action showdown , and much of the charm that made the book an interesting read is ditched for simplistic Hollywood-style action.It 's as if all the uniqueness and charm of the original is traded for a formulaic Hollywood plot that values cuteness over charm . Watching the 3 stage battle/siege at the end with 3 types of deus ex machina made me wonder if I was n't actually watching `` Return of the King '' again.I think after awhile all fantasy action-movies with walking trees and CGI creatures start to look the same . And pretty much all the lame Hollywood jokes and romance angles are the same too . And who , reading the original book , would have imagined Prince Caspian as looking like a young Antonio Banderas ? Or Peter as a Justin Bieber?Filmmakers making a movie of a classic children 's book like this should really stay true to the original - not try to shape it into something they think is going to sell more tickets . Even if the big CGI battle scenes and one-liners do sell more tickets , you 're still left with a mediocre movie .
 It is unfortunate that there was not a `` C.S. Lewis '' fan club to keep an eye on these movie makers like the Lord of the Rings fans did . There are many beauties and strengths of the Narnia series so far , but in Caspian , the departure from the novel changes the story in an extremely unfortunate way . There is no real justification for the filmmakers ' changing the story , it is change for the sake of change . They could have adhered more closely to the book without losing anything . Caspian was my favorite book of the series , and the movie is terribly disappointing . Peter and Caspian were allies , not antagonists . For the sake of `` high concept , '' the filmmakers have pretty much gutted the story . Good luck with all that . We are stuck with this version now , in the sequence . The actors continue to be good , but the story has been altered for no apparent reason . Sorry , I wish I could have liked this more . There was a lot of potential .
 I waited anxiously and patiently for the video release of Prince Caspian . As someone who has read the whole Narnia series , I was greatly disappointed in this movie . Yeah the special affects were cool , and most kids will probably like the movie . But this movie deviates so far from the original book that it would be easier to list the similarities between the two . Anyone who is a fan of C.S. Lewis ' books should not waste their time seeing this .
 This movie is essentially a 2-hour fight scene with about 20 minutes of half-interesting dialogue and story sprinkled in . Terribly violent and uninteresting . Honestly the most fighting I have ever seen in any movie -LRB- including Matrix Reloaded -RRB- . I wholly regret the $ 1.99 I spent to rent it . Unless you want to see endless stabbings and blunt force traumas , do not see this movie .
 Caspian lacks the heart and charm of Lion , Witch , Wardrobe . It felt stale , confusing and similar to the first film , full of dazzling critters rushing head first into another battle to save some ancient kingdom or whatever . It had been almost twenty-five years since I 'd read Caspian , so I did n't remember the story . I had a hard time understanding the time frame relative to LWW . I wonder how they 're going to gloss over The Horse and His Boy , that one sucked .
 `` Prince Caspian '' was almost entirely horrible . For those who love the book by C.S. Lewis , this is a movie you will only see once . Adamson strayed so far away from the story that it was hard to remember you were watching the tale of Prince Caspian at all . Many of the events are totally out of order , and Peter 's character has been infused with a set of childish antics that greatly take away from the story as a whole . In the book , as the children return to Narnia , they quickly go back to having the mindset of great kings and queens , but unfortunately , Adamson chose to have Peter play a selfish , obstinate child rather than someone who has been a great leader . In one particularly heart-breaking scene that has no bearing whatsoever on Lewis 's classic story , Peter makes a decision that brutally costs many of the Narnians their lives . This was the worst part of the movie because the arrogant judgment was not one that the character Lewis created would ever have made . I hate to think that many people will believe that this is the true story of Prince Caspian because of this movie . It is a deep shame that `` The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe '' was done so well , while this movie 's only redeeming qualities were the interesting battle strategies and CGI techniques used . To put it in perspective , this movie was as disappointing for fans of the Narnia series as `` X-Men
 Too long and too precious . This second Narnia film still finds the children in wartime England waiting for a train when they are abruptly called back to Narnia . Hundreds of years after their visit from the wardrobe , once again evil outsiders are threatening to overwhelm the animals and folk of Narnia 's forests . The children eventually save the day and return to the train station after heroic battles and soul searching speechifying . Although technically amazing , the story is drawn out to a sense of boredom and the characters , other than the children , lack a strength and sharpness that made the first film so enjoyable . It is n't a film we 'll watch again and again as we have Wardrobe .
 I was very dissappointed . The sound is messed up on a lot of the movie
 They rushed making it and it is not at the quality as the first . Not a movie that I will watch over and over , dissapointed is my overall opinion .
 The Lion The Witch and the Wardrobe was bad enough . But THIS effort was so bad as to be beneath commenting on . The other negative reviews have said it all for me .
 I watched then took it to my diet consultant at my Dr. She reviewed the research and found the vegitarian , no oil diet in the video has been tried and found lacking in validity in diabetes blood sugar control . My advice , see a diet specialist and stay with your local Dr. This video gives old advice .
 There are numbers of opinions out there on what to do about Diabetes . DR , Barnard certainly is one of them and worth finding out about . I 'm still sorting whether this is the way I should go.I think his claim that he has a `` Cure '' , is hype and this discredits his main point , but I have n't dismissed it yet .
 Not all that great ! The first section was informative while the rest was a wASTE OF TIME UNLESS YOUR A VEGITARIAN
 This is the worst retelling of a time-honored legend that I 've ever seen . I purchase both books and DVDs frequently from Amazon , and this is the first Amazon purchase that I regret making . I give it one star only because I ca n't give it a 0 . The only resemblance to the Robin Hood legend is in the names of a few characters and places . The one bright spot , as far as casting is concerned is Michael Praed as Robin , and he disappears after a few early episodes . His replacement , for the final 13 episodes , is Jason Connery as someone named Robert of Huntindon , who suddenly appears to take Robin 's place , and is even referred to as Robin Hood more often than by his own name ! Oh , yes . The original Robin Hood has shoulder length dark hair and sometimes -- mostly in the credits -- is shown wearing a hood . The replacement Robin Hood has shoulder-length blond hair , and sometimes -- mostly in the credits -- is shown wearing a hood.The band of `` Merry Men '' is a small group of 5 men and a rather unconvincing `` Maid Marian , '' none of whom seem particularly merry . The band lives in the forest , the year around , apparently without any shelter whatsoever . The original 4 are Much , the miller 's son , a rather naive young man who 's role is to get into trouble so the others can come to his aid ; Little John is a likeable but not particularly intelligent `` strong man '' ; a fat Friar Tuck who 's character is left rather undeveloped ; and a nasty , hot tempered , argumentative troublemaker , `` Will Scarlett , '' who is for some inexplicable reason tolerated by the others . A fifth member , a `` Saracen '' swordsman , joins them after a few episodes . Then , there is `` Maid Marian '' who lives in the forest with five men , who seems to be rather half-heartedly in love with both Robins , in turn , and proves to be a skilled archer with a longbow.The Sherrif of Nottinham is a loud mouth `` villain '' who treats his followers , including Guy Gisbourn his # 2 man , with so much contempt and cruelty that it 's unbelievable that his own men do n't bury him alive . The story lines are developed specifically for this series and have little or no relationship to the familiar legend . The episodes are full of magic and supernatural events , there is a poorly explained `` mystery wise-man '' character , who seems to be regarded as a `` wolf '' although he wears a huge elk-like headdress . King Richard appears in a single early episode and turns out to be more of an enemy than ally to Robin.The one unreservedly positive aspect of the DVDs is the musical score by the fine Irish band Clannad . The heavy reliance on the supernatural is , I think overdone . Many of the episodes introduce new characters , who do not reappear in subsequent episodes , and there is relatively little continuity except in a few two-part programs . I do n't feel that this set is worth the price , and I 'm sorry that I bought it . It wo n't , however , stop me from shopping at Amazon !!
 I bought this based on the reviews . Upon viewing the first few episodes , I found the stories to be boring , silly in spots , and lacking in reality . The characters comprising Robin 's little band seem to be a little dense and bumbling . Scenes of people sitting around accompanied by music playing are not appealing to me . I intend to watch the rest and certainly hope the stories improve .
 Well , this movie is supposed to be a sequel to Harold 's earlier film The Freshman , an American classic . Adding a sequel at all -LRB- even a good one -RRB- sounds like putting a mustache on the Mona Lisa . Here , this is definitely the case . Harold performs exactly as the script told him to , and does a good job of it , but the script is the problem here . Was n't it better to part from Harold amidst his triumph in the game and getting the sweet stand-by-your-man girl in The Freshman ? It 's particularly sad to see that the girl is gone for some reason , he 's had a string of romantic missteps all in the same family , and he 's been working a miserable dead-end job for the next twenty years , getting more depressed , bent over and threadbare every day of it . Does it make it better even if he does finally have a crazy day that turns things around ? He still had to be miserable for twenty years , and it sort of seems to retroactively taint his triumph at the end of The Freshman . I 'd rather let that old masterpiece stand alone on it 's own merits . A `` plus '' in seeing this movie is getting to see some old original footage filmed for The Freshman that was n't used in that other film ; a `` minus '' is having to endure Harold 's loud reaction to trying alcohol . I consider myself a very devoted Harold Lloyd fan , but this just is n't one of his best .
 Anybody who watches this expecting an example of what made Harold Lloyd the most popular comedian of the 20s -LRB- no , it was n't Chaplin -RRB- will be sorely dissappointed , and may even think that his earlier films are not worth watching . The truth is , this `` comeback film '' is nowhere near the quality of his earlier silent films , and especially not `` The Freshman '' , to which this is supposed to be a sequel.The problem with this film starts with the first 30 minutes ; they are typical of a director whose style is completely inconsistent with Lloyd 's trademark 1920s optimism . The first 30 minutes of this film -LRB- the footage from `` The Freshman '' excepted -RRB- are spent ridiculing in its entirity the philosophy that made Lloyd 's previous films so fun to watch ; his go-getter mentality , always making the best of a bad situation . The first part of this movie starts out slowly and depressingly , portraying Harold as a miserable loser who 's been in the same job for 30 years who comes to work one day and gets fired.Sound like comedy gold to you ? Me neither . It 's really not the type of thing that Harold 's character is best suited to , and it was only through the faint hope that something better might lie ahead that I kept watching . Thankfully , the movie does get better after the bar scene , where Harold has the first drink of his life and metamorphosizes into something resembling his old character again -LRB- he bets on a horse-race against incredible odds and wins a whole load of money , which he promptly uses to buy a circus -RRB- . From there on , there are a few very funny gags -LRB- the best of them having to do with a lion -RRB- , although there are also too many hysterics on Harold 's part for my taste ; something that was n't present in his earlier silent movies . The final scene of the movie pays homage to Harold Lloyd 's climb up the side of a building in his 1923 `` Safety Last '' . I 'm pretty sure that the only reason that this film 's reputation has gotten this high is that almost all of Harold 's other films have been owned by his family and though well-preserved , withheld from public view -LRB- aside from a limited-release VHS run in the early 90s and regular showings on TCM for those who get it -RRB- . This is truly a shame , because his earlier works , unlike THIS uneven piece of filmmaking , are truly great comedic masterpieces on a level with the best of Chaplin 's and Keaton 's films . I dare anyone who 's watched `` Safety Last '' , `` The Freshman '' , or `` The Kid Brother '' to say otherwise.HOWEVER , EXTREMELY good news have recently been announced on the forum of the Harold Lloyd Trust 's official website . On October 6th , Annette Lloyd announced on behalf of Suzanne Lloyd -LRB- Harold 's granddaughter -RRB- that after more than 5 years of waiting a DVD deal has finally been signed with New Line Entertainment for Harold 's older films , as well as a theatrical release deal with Sony . This deal seemed to come out of nowhere , and completely shocked Harold Lloyd fans who thought that the Trust was sitting on their laurels while badly mishandling the situation.Thankfully , Harold will be more visible soon than he has been in the last 50 years ! I recommend that nobody buy this uneven movie but wait for his masterworks to come to a theater/store near you !
 It 's difficult to figure why anybody would bother using a poor 16mm print to transfer to DVD when there must be good 35mm prints out there , but this is another case of showcasing a very poor 16mm print . Otherwise , this is an excellent madcap film , but it does n't start cooking until the Edgar Kennedy bartender scene , and Kennedy was absolutely masterful . From this scene on , the rest of the film is a romp . There was much luck with the sequences with Jacky the lion , so Sturges must have lived a charmed life . All the performances shine .
 It is unfortunate that this film continues to receive nothing but crap releases from companies that deal exclusively in public domain material . It deserves better , as fans of both Harold Lloyd and Preston Sturges would happily purchase a quality copy . Unfortunately , it seems there are no copies available worth buying.Long story short , the Synergy release of this film is a DVD-R disc , and appears to be copied directly from archive.org . Do n't waste your time or money . If you want to watch a copy this pixelated , go download and burn it for free .
 This episode is a diappoinment . how can you say this episode makes you feel warm and fuzzy . it made me feel cold & icey . it think this was a supper depressing episode . WARNING ! THIS EPISODE MAKES YOU FEEL ANGERY & DEPRESSED ! do not watch this episode if your watching the show for the first time . watch Aurora Borealis this epsiode makes you warm & Fuzzy .
 This episode is a diappoinment . how can you say this episode makes you feel warm and fuzzy . it made me feel cold & icey . it think this was a supper depressing episode . WARNING ! THIS EPISODE MAKES YOU FEEL ANGERY & DEPRESSED ! do not watch this episode if your watching the show for the first time . watch Aura Borealis this epsiode makes you warm & Fuzzy .
 Curly , perhaps the most popular and most imatated stooge is on the cover , on the back and in all the pictures that come with this slick looking boxed set.But he is in only one of the three short films . -LRB- Also , there are hardly any short films that come with this . The other filler is cartoons , a movie without Curly and interviews and other junk . -RRB- This is not a good collection for fans of Curly . It is however good at misleading the 3 Stooges fan into thinking that he or she has found a gold mine of 3 Stooges material at a great price . Sadly , that is not to be.Instead of wasting your time and money on this blatent rip-off , you would be better off at building your 3 Stooges library on other collections that do n't contain the words `` 75th Anniversary Collection . ''
 This collection amounts to three dollar-store discs jammed into a pretty package . For those who prefer substance over style , look elsewhere for this material , which is given a pretty shoddy presentation overall.Disc 3 -LRB- which was unplayable on the two DVD players I tried it on -RRB- repeats the entire contents of Disc 2 , and adds the TV pilots Kook 's Tour and Jerks Of All Trades -- making Disc 2 a pointless redundancy . Avoid it at all costs .
 Unless you want about 4 actual episodes of 3 stooges , the rest is all old movies where the stooges had bit parts , and then cartoons . 7 DVDs ????? My well-meaning son got it for me for Xmas , and we attempted to watch it together , so I could show him how funny the stooges were . He was n't impressed . A waste of money and time .
 Others have said most of the things I was going to say . This set is trash . Specifically , the documentary was sort of interesting for tidbits of information I was n't aware of but was produced horribly . The mic on the narrator was pushed right up to his mouth causing too much proximity effect and you can hear the plosives clipping on the VO track . I 'm in audio and this is basic , audio recording 101 stuff , folks . Even the stuff I thought was mildly fun was not worth putting up with the hours of utter dreck to experience . I did n't even bother watching everything . This is a great white elephant gift exchange candidate if you 're stuck with it because it looks like it would be great . But it is n't . Stay away .
 Only 4 of the Columbia shorts , one with Curly and three with Shemp . The rest is the cartoon version , Ted Healy shorts with one , two , or three or three of the stooges , and a terrible , amateur documentary . Even the box listing the cast is wrong on the Columbia shorts . It lists Curly Joe DeRita as the star of all of them . Run away from this product , or do n't pay more than $ 2 for it .
 The packaging is so deceiving ! I had to have this set . Glad i only paid 10 bucks with ship . i 'll be very happy to sell it , break even and get somebody else peeved off at me for selling them JUNK!Usually I read comments/reviews section . this time i failed to do so and i got burned . Caveat emptor ! boys and girls . Read the reviews before you buy .
 The packaging is beautiful . Any fan of the Three Stooges would love it except for the fact that the majority of this material on this DVD set is n't the classic Three Stooges we grew up to love . It is VERY MISLEADING.Anyone defending the integrity of this release should be considered an employee of Madacy Entertainment .
 junk , waste of money , very disappointed , even misleading as the packaging contains pictures of episodes that are not even in the collection
 You get what you pay for with this set . Only contains maybe an hour of classic stooge fun . It may fill the gap in someones collection , but mostly contains fillers and short dvds . It appears to be a collection of videos that no one else wanted . One full DVD is the lame three stooges cartoons . If you are looking for classic stooge comedy this set contains very little .
 This thing is horrible do not buy it . Only one episode with Curly all else is terrible . Old clips and movies not funny at all Do no but this you will be very disapointeed as I was .
 Should have read the box before I purchased . Lots of early stooges , cartoons , and Curly Joe Stooges ... not the shorts we all know and love . Should have known better ... the price was too good ! Looks like it 's $ 100 bucks for the stuff I really wanted !
 The price was attractive , as was the packaging . The box shows Curly . But alas - Curly is not easily found in this compilation . Also - a lot of the `` extra features '' are lame . Stay away from this product . If you really want the Three Stooges - buy the 8 volume compilation from Sony instead .
 I bought this for a birthday gift for my 8 year old nephew . He hated it . It does not contain the Three Stooges TV episodes we all watched as kids . Brother-in-law said it is a bunch of vaudeville stuff .
 This is not a collection of shorts , as you would expect it to be . Rather , it 's a disappointing collection of odds and ends . As others have noted in other reviews , there are only a few shorts . You 're better off finding a different collection if you want to see the shorts , just as I will end up having to do . I think the case is very misleading as it says there is over 11 hours of material there and it does n't specify what the material is .
 If you 're looking for a true `` collection '' of some funny Stooge moments , it 's best to buy the Sony pictures chronological series . This `` collectors ' edition '' contains the same old shorts and other material you 've probably seen countless times.That 's not to say the four included shorts are n't funny -LRB- in fact , `` Brideless Groom , '' with Shemp as the lead character , and Malice in the Palace , also with Shemp , are both probably in my top five favorites -RRB- , it 's just that this set leads one into thinking they 're getting some real gems here , and not just the old public domain stuff we 've seen for years , and that we could get cheaper at any dollar store.One version of this `` collectors ' edition '' from Madacy is packaged in a fancy-looking tin lunch box , with a whoopie cushion inside , like that 's going to fool anyone into thinking you 're not just getting Brideless Groom , Sing a Song of Six Pants , Malice in the Palace , and Disorder in the Court again , along with the same old unfunny animated cartoons from the 60s , and live-action segments with the almost aggressively unfunny Curly Joe DeRita . Those live action segments are only worth it to see Larry and Moe , and also Emil Sitka from time to time , but it 's best to just tune out Curly Joe . Talk about sucking the air out of a room.In summary , four public domain shorts and a small batch of unwatchable animated cartoons and some obvious filler do not justify this release 's claim to being a collectors ' set , nor does the actual product you 're getting merit its fancy packaging . To claim that this is a `` 75th anniversary collection '' is an absolute insult to the stooges.Also , the Curly impersonator who intros some of the fluff material needs to shut up already .
 My husband received this as a birthday gift from my daughter a few years ago . -LRB- Having no idea of its contents and having been being fooled by the packaging of this `` 75th Anniversary Collection , '' I foolishly recommended that she buy it for him . -RRB- We finally got around to watching it a couple of months ago and I can not begin to tell you how disappointed we were after viewing . I only wished we had watched sooner so that I could have suggested to my daughter that she return it for a full refund!I had certainly expected the set to contain more than FOUR of the short films that played on TV back in the 50 's and 60 's when we were kids . What was worse was that the 4 episodes were rather mediocre . Sadly , my personal favorite episode of all time -LRB- where the `` boys '' take dancing lessons from the lady with the bee in her dress -RRB- was not among them and only ONE of the episodes featured Curly who really WAS the only funny third stooge ! ARGGHHHH!Another disc contained 8 cartoons from the rather unfunny cartoon series and the final disc contained historical/biographical information that we never did view . The episodes were such a turnoff that we lost all enthusiasm for the set.I would n't even pay a dollar for this volume and MADACY should be fined for marketing such a LOUSY product in such a fancy package . I was forced to give this item one star because the review would not post with the ZERO STARS that this product deserves . BOO !
 Do n't waste your money and time on this garbage . If you want the Stooges go for the volume collections that are currently out . You will be receiving value for your buck and the opportunity to relive or perhaps meet the genius of this comedy group . For us baby-boomers it brings back fond memories of the silver screen and watching these get replayed on the little screen in our home .
 It came damaged , I sent it back to be delivered in 2 to 3 days and still have not received a replacement . The last time I emailed him , he said he did not get it back and that was after 11 days . I think it was damaged before he even sent it and thought I would keep it because of Christmas , now he is just ignoring me . VERY DISAPPOINTED !!!!! I would like my money back plus what I paid for shipping twice .
 The Three stooges -LRB- Collectors Edition -RRB- The box says `` 7DVDs over 11 hours '' what they dont say is that there are only 4 classic stooges shorts and only on the first DVD . The rest of the set is crap . The reamaining 61/2 dvds / 10 hours are patched together bad movies and cartoons -LRB- remember the really bad stooges cartoons you wouldnt even watch back in the 60 's -RRB- It is intentionaly misrepresented . The packaging is first class , a real eyegrabber , but whats inside is junk .
 I went into buying this eight DVD box set believing that there would be at least a few classic `` Stooges '' shorts . Instead , I receive only ONE DVD of shorts , the rest of the set being comprised of various clips , biographies , and rare footage of the Howard brothers . I 'm all for learning a bit about our classic comedy heritage here , but my main complaint is that the clips on each DVD borrow greatly from each other -LRB- you 'll find yourself watching one DVD , realizing you 've seen these clips on the LAST DVD ! -RRB- , the clips are poorly edited together , and there are far too many annoying `` Pop-up Video '' - esque factoids that are indeed informative , but get in the way of enjoying the Stooges ' comedy.If you 're interested in learning about the team here , read a biography . If you want to actually WATCH the Stooges , try a different box set .
 A 3-disc reissue of 2002 's 75th Anniversary 2-disc edition from Madacy and C3 Entertainment . My earlier review of that collection follows , with these additional notes/warnings to this updated edtion ... - Disc 1 is unchanged , with the Stooges ' 4 public domain Columbia shorts transferred from mediocre 16mm , Screen Gems , dupe prints . - Disc 2 contains the same material as the earlier edition . - Disc 3 is a new addition , featuring 1970 's TV pilot KOOK 'S TOUR . Previously licensed to Anchor Bay Entertainment , rights owner C3 Entertainment has transferred home video distribution rights of this film to Madacy ... the Super8mm source material is unfortunately/inherently bad for both , but this Madacy version is further degraded with digital pixelation problems . - All bonus features on Disc 3 DUPLICATE the content of Disc 2 ! On the plus side , this new version comes in a tin case with a sound-chip mechanism containing a grand total of 4 Stooge sound-bytes , from the 4 public domain Columbia shorts on Disc 1 . Uh , yeah.Review of the earlier edition , from 2003 ... `` With the title ` Three Stooges 75th Anniversary Collectors Edition , ' and a very nice packaging presentation , you may have expectations of a wide selection of the comedy team 's best work , or even some rarities . But ... It 's a collection of public domain material , much available since the dawn of home video on many tape and disc offerings from numerous distributors . You 'll find the four pd Columbia shorts , DISORDER IN THE COURT -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , SING A SONG OF SIX PANTS -LRB- 1947 -RRB- , BRIDELESS GROOM -LRB- 1947 -RRB- and MALICE IN THE PALACE -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , plus a handful of NEW 3 STOOGES -LRB- 1965 -RRB- cartoons . Original material is limited to a 10 minute video of hellos & introductions from Stooge family members taped at a 1998 convention in CA , plus some brief hosting segments by a Curly-impersonator . Visual quality of the shorts and cartoons is lacking , dark and non-contrasty , sourced from 16mm and vhs dupes . The cartoons are ` split up , ' i.e. , the live-action segments are under one menu , & the animated segments under a separate menu ; the return to each menu contains annoying freeze frames that cut off approx . the last second of film , rather than seamless segues . From the perspective of a low price , maybe you 'll feel you got what you paid for . But if you 're looking for a collection worthy of the label ' 75th Anniversary , ' you will be very disappointed . Definitely not recommended ! ''
 This is a complete waste of money for any real Stooges fan . You do get three DVDs . One is cartoon stooges . One is Laurel and Hardy . Only one is 3 Stooges -1 Curly episode and 2 Shemp episodes . My husband is a huge Stooges fan and could n't watch anything except the Curly episode . I do n't feel it was properly advertised on the box .
 I bought this set thinking I was going to enjoy many hours of The Stooges . It only has a few shorts that are all over-played on TV , having seen them a hundred times already.Charging a full retail price for a set like this , containing just a few shorts , is shameful . You 're paying an extra 10 bucks for the tin box , little more . This set is a bargain-bin type item worth maybe four to five bucks at most.It 's my fault for being suckered out of my money . This purchase has taught me to read the content descriptions VERY CAREFULLY before buying future `` special collections . `` Now I 'm off to buy the REAL complete chronological collections of The Three Stooges being released by Sony Pictures .
 When I bought this set from wal-mart , I should have taken my own advice : `` Let the buyer beware . `` Given the number of shorts the 3 stooges made , the content of this set is lame . How they get away with calling this `` 75th anniversary collection '' I 'll never know . I enjoyed watching what is on this set-but there 's not a whole lot to brag about . `` Kooks ture '' is about the best thing here-but still it 's not worth it.Don ' t buy this set ! Now you 've been warned .
 You know those classic slap-stick `` Three Stooges '' shorts that are always on TV ? Well forget those because only 4 of their 220 short-films made it into these 7 discs . Those 4 being the public domain shorts that have been released time and time again . The rest of this set is comprised of the team 's early work with Ted Healy -LRB- which was before the Stooges even developed their act -RRB- , some late `` Curly Joe '' material and cartoons . Fans who see this impressive looking box-set will be puzzled and disappointed by the lack of what the packaging promises . It is very deceptive .
 i had actually purchased this movie at my local target store and i can say you cant judge a movie by its cover , it may look all nice and fancy but there is only a total of 4 stooges episodes on the first dvd , the second dvd are all cartoons and the 3rd is all special features and exclusive interviews with the stooges families , children/grandchildren . extremely disapointed .
 I was quite unhappy to know that this was n't a `` Collection '' of shows , but more of a `` The making of '' series . There were only a few episodes on it , and the rest of it was a disappointment by a long shot ! If you are looking for watching actual Three Stooges , DO N'T BUY THIS !
 My dad bought this item online without reading any comments on it at all , he is a big Stooges fan and thought that he was in for a real treat . He popped this in on Christmas day ready to savor his favorite trio.Was he in for a surprise.The first DVD had only 4 shorts on it and only one of these shorts had Curly , the rest had Shemp . Since Curly is my dad 's favorite he was understandably outraged . This was 75th Anniversary collection , you think it would actually have some new content and more than a handful of shorts . Instead the only good thing about this collection was the biographies of the Stooges that was in a little booklet with the DVD . Of course since most of that information could be found online my family was n't impressed.While my dad grumbled about how worthless this collection was , I went online to read the reviews on it ... and what do you know ? Turns out he could have saved himself a lot of pain if he had done a little research ahead of time.The good news is that during my reasearch I found the huge collection of The Three Stooges that Sony released and so my Dad wil be getting a nice surprise for his birthday . But this collection will be going in the back of the closet until we can get rid of it at a garage sale
 Half of these feature Shemp instead of Curly , which nobody wants . The second disc is only cartoons , which nobody wants . So really you 're only getting a couple decent episodes for your money .
 This is a fine Randolph Scott film . Unfortunately the DVD has interference on the audio channel -LRB- bass-heavy contemporary music , as if someone was playing something through the board when the transfer was made -RRB- and the print itself shows damage in places . I have never encountered a major studio release with this level of audio interference . Thanks for caring , Columbia Pictures !
 With the monthly release of classic films on DVD now all but dead outside of expensive DVD On Demand archive programs which are currently only available outside the US via inflated Amazon prices and extortionate shipping costs and with Sony Home Entertainment being the only studio left releasing box sets every few months -LRB- I thought I 'd be dead by the time the Budd Boetticher Collection actually got released . -RRB- , I finally have breathing space between releases to start reducing a considerable pile of as yet unwatched DVD 's stacked on shelves gathering dust.Hangman 's Knot was the second in a Randolph Scott double bill I got around to watching with the first being Santa Fe . Hangman 's Knot would be the more enjoyable of the two for me . I do agree with some of what is said in the 5 star and 4 star reviews regarding plot and performances expressed by other reviewers , so I do n't need to repeat it here . For my viewing enjoyment , I would have to consider Hangman 's Knot to be an average 3 star film . To give it anything above 3 stars would be putting it next to other Scott outings such as The Tall T , Riding Shotgun , Ride Lonesome , Seven Men From Now , and a few others which I do n't feel Hangman 's Knot deserves.So why only the 2 star rating ? I had to take a star off because of the absolutely horrendous stunt doubling during a major fight sequence between Randolph Scott and Lee Marvin . I ca n't understand how this has not been brought up in other reviews because it 's so plainly obvious . I ca n't image that even back in 1952 , audiences would not have noticed such obvious stunt doubling , especially so when sitting in front of a massive cinema screen.Around the half way mark , Scott and Marvin come to blows , a release of tension between these two characters that had been building for the proceeding 40 minutes . When the camera shot switches to the stand in stunt men during the fight , it is embarrassingly obvious that it is neither Scott nor Marvin on the screen.You can clearly see the faces of the stunt actors . Scott 's double looks to be around 30 years old standing in for Scott who was 54 years old at this time . The director made no attempt to mask the fact that these two men wearing the same clothes as Scott and Marvin are stunt men . Their faces are in full view for the duration of the fight . This spoiled my enjoyment of what was up to that point a good Scott western . Also off note is that the exact same thing also happens in Santa Fe when Randolph Scott 's stunt double steps in during a fight scene on a moving train and it is clearly obvious that it is not Scott.As previous reviewers have said , there is still much to enjoy in Hangman 's Knot if you can ignore the doubling of the fight scene . Scott plays the stand up honest man with his own code of honour that he portrays so well in so many of his westerns and which is why I find him so enjoyable to watch on screen , but , I just can not get past that fight scene.Hangman 's Knot is for it 's second half , a siege film with Scott and several others trapped in a wagon station house , fighting off a posse bent on getting the gold Scott and his gang now possess . Another reason for my low rating is , near the end of the film , the posse , tired of waiting for Scott and the others to come out of the station house , decide to burn them out . I found myself asking why they had n't done this much earlier when the posse first got to the station house at the very beginning . The posse had shown earlier that they did n't care about innocent passers by getting killed by there bullets , they wanted the gold . Perhaps I am picking to much at Hangman 's Knot but I feel that this is a valid point and seems to me to be lazy plotting.A disappointed Scott fan .
 Seriously , the first review with this title nailed it . I saw a different Takeshi Kitano movie a few years back which was much more stylistically interesting -LRB- ca n't remember the name , but it was a Japanese film -RRB- , so I know he 's capable of making an interesting film . This is n't it . This film is a terrible waste of time .
 After purchasing this item and getting charged about $ 40 AUS postage the DVD was not compatible with Australian DVD players . Conveniently you can not return the product after it has been opened . As I could not test the DVD 's compatibility until after I opened it , this return policy was no good to me . You are better off taking your chances with Ebay !!!
 This movie is about a Japanese gangster exiled from his homeland and forced to flee to America . From the moment he sets foot on foreign soil , his orgy of violence and destruction begins . If you 're a fan of action and violence , this movie has plenty of both . The film portrays the extremely violent lifestyle of Japanese gangsters . Unfortunately that 's about all it has going for it.Much of the time the plot seems disjoint and unconnected . Music is lacking . A lot of the time it was difficult to understand what was going on . I can only recommend this to gangster movie aficionados .
 Brother may seem like a whole lot of meaningless gore , and in fact I do n't think it was a particularly well-made or enjoyable movie , but it provides valuable insight into the Japanese perception of their place in the world . I 'm not sure this was intended by the director , but it makes a very interesting contrast to , for example , `` Rising Sun '' , another fairly average movie -LRB- ca n't comment on the book , have n't read it -RRB- , which showed a very American perspective of the Japanese.Whereas in Rising Sun , we saw the Japanese as sneaky little yellow men hiding their prejudices , corruption and kinky sex behind polite smiles and a facade of high culture , here Kitano portrays them -LRB- or at least the Yakuza -RRB- as noble , loyal , selfless , brave warriors , willing to sacrifice all to protect their honour . Quite a contrast!Rising Sun showed Westerners -LRB- represented by the US alone , as usual -RRB- as passionate but ultimately rational , independent-minded for the better , and , for the most part at least , genuine -LRB- in a `` what you see is what you get '' sense -RRB- . Kyoudai -LRB- incidentally , the title refers not to any blood relationship between the two main characters - there was none ! , but to the `` brotherhood '' of the Yakuza -RRB- shows Westerners as emotionally out-of-control , intellectually lacking , hopelessly disorganised and incapable of any subtlety or restraint . From considerable experience in Japan I can assure you that this is an accurate representation of the stereotype held by many Japanese.Another -LRB- I think -RRB- accurate representation of the Japanese mindset in this film lies in the ease with which the Japanese muscle-in on the US underworld . With their diligence , their capacity for cooperation and self-sacrifice towards long-term , collective goals , how could they possibly fail against this disorganised rabble of Westerners ?! - this is the attitude presented , and mostly validated in this film . It 's very interesting , then , that the `` brotherhood '' are ultimately unsuccessful in their power-bid . Is this a symbolic recognition that the US has remained militarily and economically supreme ? At the least , I feel that the way in which Kitano 's character dies again reflects an important facet of the Japanese mindset , being the attitude that there is only ever a choice of complete victory or total failure , conquering the whole of Asia or being stripped of all military power , scoring highly in the University entrance exams or dropping out of the academic world completely - there is absolutely no room for compromise or mediocrity , and thus a willingness follows to sacrifice everything in the bid for that absolute , and possibly elusive , victory . Of course , this has alarming implications for Japan 's potential return to military and/or economic power.But if you want , you can forget my interpretations and just see this movie as a whole lot of meaningless gore .
 This is supposed to be an artsy movie about the yakuzas and their activities in America . However , it ` s not more than an average , empty thriller that ` s neither exciting nor funny , let alone creative or original . Takeshi Kitano , who both directs the picture and plays its asian main character , is devoid of charisma while he acts , using the same facial expression the whole time . There are lots of useless moments of pointless violence here , which try to have style and edgyness but fail miserably -LRB- Tarantino does it much better -RRB- . `` Brother '' is a tedious , unengaging waste of time and is quickly forgotten . Meaningless .
 This movie was really boring . It was slow and uninteresting . the man who did this movie is the one trying to bring back the Zatoichi series . I have not seen the new Zatoichi movie yet but this movie gives me great doubts about how good it will be . His other movies may be good but this one is a definite time waster . Save yourselves .
 Kitano 's `` BrotherEgets eaten and spit out by Sony Pictures US . Not exactly a masterpiece , or the best movie he has done , but it gave a great insight into the Yakuza lifestyle rarely known outside of Japan . But on this DVD , the lackluster treatment of this movie is unforgivable.If some of the story was a little on the unexplained side , maybe it 's because the US version is 30 minutes shorter than the Japanese original . Most of the Japanese sequences were cut , so Americans wo n't have to read too many subtitles . Great move -LRB- ? -RRB- . The DTS audio option was thrown out for some reason , thinking people who might like this movie will not have a DTS decoder . Sony , get with the times!The biggest problem I had with this DVD was that there were no English subtitles ! It is listed as ` English SubtitlesEbut in fact , it 's English Closed Captions , so even when they are speaking English , the captions appear . Luckily I understand both languages , but for anyone else , they would be a headache to sit through.Extras are very minimal , only trailers for completely unrelated Chinese movies ? For a list price so high , it just seems smarter to get the fully loaded Region 2 Japanese release . Believe me the story makes a LOT more sense.Also , the character that Tetsuya Watari plays is such a minor role in the US version , it was a shame that his name appears in the credits . If you want to check out a role where he actually is part of the MOVIE , get ` Tokyo DrifterE -LRB- Criterion Collection -RRB- . You 'll be a lot happier with that film .
 Colors are not to be changed , they are to be left to their original tint or brightness.Today I bought Brother at Best Buy . I was happy to find that I got the last copy of the 2 shelves of them . I was suprised , so I bought it . When I got to opening it , there was some nice cover art on the disc , and no freaking collecters booklet on most Sony discs . I popped the disc in to my new `` Panny '' RP56 and set down to watch on my Phillips 16:9 HDTV . Never have I seen a film murdered in front of my eyes . It 's a movie about blah , blah go to Internet Movie Database and search under Brother to find out.Aniki 's -LRB- main character -RRB- world is not exciting , and somewhat gloomy . There is an occasional color flair -LRB- rare -RRB- to hint at a character 's persoanlity . Blacks are deep and accurate , there are tons of gray , blue is on the dark side , green is in some scenes dark and other scenes light , finally red is crimson , and sometimes darker . All of this is representted accurately on the two DVD 's I have previously watched -LRB- UK and Japan -RRB- and seen in a THX certified theater . The theater I saw the movie was dead on , and the picture quality was unbeatable.All of the above is thrown out in the Sony Pictures Classics version . Gray is subdued and no longer prevalent . Blacks are ruined which killed a couple scenes . Blue is no longer dark or a little dark , it 's plain blue . Green is a neon green in some scenes and now is a bright . Red is pushed , but just enough that the color is a bit lighter.The beginning scene is ruined by the Sony version . Kitano standing waiting for the cab is supposed to stick out , and the background is covered in the back with a thing gray , to make him prevalent . Instead the Sony version completely takes out the gray , and the scene is then butchered . The scene where Kitano murders the Latino drug dealer the blacks are deep , the colors subdued . The Sony version , pushes the flesh tones the blacks are off , and the green door to the left of Claude Maki is now a bright neon green , whereas the other versions had the door dark green or a light pine green.There also to seems to be a fairly large quantity of edge enhancement , which is absent on the 3 other sources.What does n't help the Sony Pictures Classics version is that its edited . The movie begins with a Sony Pictures Classics label pasted over the Kitano label , with the background music still there . This tells you that , you are about to watch an inferior version . There are various edits to the movie digitally . Such as painting over brain matter on walls from gunshots , and time and gore edits . The stark emotion of the Hagakure scene is also killed by the editing.The features ? Just some ... trailers for some movies that remind me of the word ` crud ' The audio is okay , but with the lack of DTS , ...
 The most interesting thing about this film was the costumes by Yohji Yamamoto . The characterisations were flat , with a complete lack of apparent motives , and the plot development struck me as more than a little far-fetched . Aniki is a man with no purpose , no feeling , no desire to stay alive , no anything . All he knows is that he is a Yakuza , and that is the life he must live . On the other hand , he is n't stupid , and does n't seem particularly eager for death . So why does he so easily aquiesce when Shirase decides to take on the Mafia , a move he knows will bring certain death to his brothers ? Perhaps it 's because his girlfriend is dead and nothing matters anymore.Uhhh ... yeah ... Maybe I could believe that if the relationship between Aniki and his girlfriend was developed to any significant extent , or even if Aniki showed any warmth or hapiness when around her . But he seemed to care for her as little as he did for the other things in his life , so this explanation just does n't wash.Maybe Aniki just does n't care about anything . But we see that he does care for Denny , and earlier in the film he has shown that as an Aniki his first duty is towards his brothers . While he is not afraid to dies for them , and he will prevent them from dihonouring his gang , he also realises that alliances and compromises are sometimes necessary . As is all to often the case in this film , I just do n't understand what the motivation behind this character is , and why we are suposed to believe in what he does.See the film if you live in the sticks and do n't get to see much of Yohji 's extraordinary clothes . Otherwise you may be better off seeing another Takeshi film such as Fireworks . A harsh review perhaps , but I saw this film hard on the heels of Mulholland Drive , and I really do n't think anything can compare well to that magnificent film .
 Sony Pictures has tampered with the colors in Brother . Colors are not to be changed , they are to be left to their original tint or brightness.Today I bought Brother at Best Buy . I was happy to find that I got the last copy from the 2 shelves thatheld them . I was surprised that it was there , so I bought it . When I got to opening it , there was somenice cover art on the disc , and no collecter 's booklet like on most Sony discs . I popped the discin to my new Panasonic RP56 and set down to watch on my Phillips 16:9 HDTV . Never have I seen a filmmurdered in front of my eyes.Aniki 's -LRB- main character -RRB- world is not thrilling but grim . It is somewhat gloomy . There is an occasional colorflair -LRB- rare -RRB- to hint at a character 's personality . Blacks are deep and accurate . There is tons of gray . Blue ison the dark side , green is in some scenes dark and other scenes light , finally red is crimson , andsometimes darker . All of this is represented accurately on the two DVD 's I have previously watched -LRB- UKand Japan -RRB- and seen in a THX certified theater . The theater I saw the movie was dead on colorwise , andthe picture quality was unbeatable.The above is thrown out the window in the Sony Pictures Classics version . Gray is subdued and no longerprevalent . Blacks are ruined . This killed quite a number of scenes . Blue is no longer dark or a little dark , it 's just plain blue . Green is a neon green in some scenes and now is a bright . Red is pushed , but justenough that the color is a bit lighter.The beginning scene is tarnished by the Sony version . Takeshi Kitano is standing waiting for a cab . In thescene , Takeshi Kitano is supposed to stick out , and the background is covered with a thin gray , to makehim prevalent . Instead the Sony Pictures Classic version completely takes out the gray , and the scene isthen butchered . The scene where Kitano murders the Latino drug dealer the blacks are deep , the colorssubdued . The Sony Pictures Classic version , pushes the flesh tones until the point of absurdity . Theblacks are off , and the green door to the left of Claude Maki is now a bright neon green , whereas theother versions had the door dark green or a light pine green.There also to seems to be a fairly large quantity of edge enhancement , which is absent on the 3 othersources . Everything is made vibrant , which makes no sense considering this is a very dark movie.What does n't help the Sony Pictures Classics version is that its edited . The movie begins with a SonyPictures Classics label pasted over the Kitano label , with the background music still there . This tells youthat , you are about to view an inferior version . There are various edits to the movie digitally . Such aspainting over brain matter on walls from gun shot 's , and time and gore edits . The stark emotion of theHagakure scene is also killed by the editing.The features ? Just some stupid trailers for some movies that remind me of the word ... Theaudio is sub par , and with the lack of DTS , it not worth the purchase . They did fix the subtitle problem Ihad with Japan Version , but I fixed that when I traded it in for the United Kingdom version .
 I had to smile when in the second-last scene a character 's dialogue -LRB- subtitle -RRB- include the word `` inscrutable '' . That is the term I had been contemplating since about 10 minutes into this vapid two hour flic.I 'm really stunned by some other reviews saying things like `` Japanese version of The Godfather '' and `` accurate portrayal of the Yakuza '' . The only Godfather this might compare to , on rating alone , would be Godfather III which was a bomb . And this is a valid portrayal of Yakuza gansters only if your average Yakuza is a suicidal halfwit with the emotions and intellect of a delinquent street urchin . `` Brother '' has a stylish light-jazz soundtrack , very hip art direction and a cool aesthetic look which are enough to make you want to like the film.Unfortunately , that 's a tall order . The dialogue is juvenile -LRB- at least the english subtitling anyway -RRB- , perhaps the Japanese language is better . The characters are plastic and one dimensional . The script is ludicrous , not the slightest grasp on reality of gangster society . Law enforcement is virtually non-existent in this movie since the gangster can slaughter each other in non-stop extravagant violence and almost never encounter the police . Killing is wanton and practically without any character motivation or response much of the time ... you 're just left wondering . Compared to other gangster flics , there is almost no credibility in any part of this story.This movie is optimized aesthetic silliness , with mindless two-second murders by the dozen , all committed to a jazzy sax soundtrack . At the midpoint , I was pondering whether to continue watching as the movie descended into the abyss . I only persisted to the end in order to see how low would actually sink.This movie is as bad as `` Knock Off '' , `` The Negotiator '' , and `` Showdown in Little Tokyo '' , probably worse.If you really want to see an ultra-hip , stylized , aesthetics-over-plot film , try `` The Odd One Dies '' -LRB- Hong Kong , 1997 -RRB- or `` Fallen Angels '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , both with Takeshi Kaneshiro . Or an equally obtuse and bizarre film , but nonetheless very stylized action pulp noire , try Seijun Suzuki 's classic `` Branded To Kill '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- . Or better yet , try `` The Big Hit '' -LRB- 1998 -RRB- with mark Wahlberg and Lou Diamond Phillips , which is another mindless but entertaining killing spree which does n't take itself too seriously . `` Brother '' is a disappointment . It is very nicely art-directed , and not much else . This is not the `` Godfather '' of the Yakuza genre . I am not flying solo in my critical view , the 69 reviews on RT have it at 51 % thumbs down . One reviewer summed up my feelings well in his comment
 I was hoping to get a step-by-step DVD on how to create a square foot garden . This was not that DVD . This DVD was really disappointing . I really need the help in getting my garden going , but this DVD did n't help . - No information on how to create your raised beds -LRB- which type of wood to use and why ? How high should they be and why ? -RRB- - No information on how to create Mel 's mix -LRB- I 'm not sure what she used for her soil , she never said -RRB- - No information on where to put the raised beds in your yard -LRB- Should you look for a shaded area ? Lots of sun ? Which plants for what type of shade -RRB- - No information on when and how often to water - Very little information on when to harvest - Very little information on how to take care of your plants in case of insects or diseases.This DVD was mainly about the plants the author chose to plant , spending about 15 minutes on the various varieties of tomato plants.The only good part of this DVD was the interview with Mel .
 I hate when historical dramatizations treat facts in so frivolously fictitious a fashion that one ends up wondering why the thing was ever made . Why invent when any given reality is ever so more precious?I do n't know all that much about Brummell -LRB- and learned very little about him in this flick -RRB- , but I do about Byron . To perfidiously suggest that Lord Byron played a large part in bringing Brummell down is what is truly scandalous in this silly telling . Scrope Davis , Byron 's life-long friend , was a crony of Brummell 's - but Byron 's interplay with Brummell is marginal , if even that . Yet even beyond the slanderous suggestions of Byron 's dissolute and desultory effects on this biopic 's supposedly charming hero , there is the matter of Matthew Rhys attempting to step into Byron 's boots , one of which was fashioned for a lame leg . Simply put , if the historical Lord Byron was anything at all like the one portrayed in this film , no women would have swooned and fainted when he entered a room -LRB- and if they had , it would have been out of fright ! -RRB- , nor would they have scrambled across continents to `` unphilosophize '' him . Unlike the actual Byron who was , according to one of his innumerable lovers , famously judged `` mad , bad and dangerous to know '' - Rhys is , well , just `` bad . '' And NOT in a `` good '' way ! It hardly helps matters that he looks more like a cross twixt the young Steven Spielberg and the young Barbra Streisand than one of the most beautiful faces of the day.But apart from Byron , if one knew hardly anything whatsoever about Beau Brummel , about a quarter way in one might be wondering why in the world they were watching this film . It is minimal to an excessive degree . And apart from the Spartan script , there is a truly threadbare feel to this entire undertaking . The whole story is alloted a few cramped sets - and no sense of the true style of the era is conveyed . I also understand that the modernistic music score is supposed to hint at Brummell 's futuristic sense of style and all -LRB- `` the dashing designer of modern dress - and disgrace '' -RRB- it says on the DVD cover - yet the music is n't great - it merely grates . And even though people came from far and wide to watch our fashion-plate hero dress , I highly doubt if he permitted them to watch him attire himself from a ballsy state of complete nudity.In short , I wasted money on this one , money I could have placed on a number at the nearest gaming table .
 I wanted to know more about how Beau Brummell influenced fashion and hygiene . The movie hardly covered these important aspects . It focused more on Brummell 's debts and gambling . I wanted to know how people reacted when he walked into a ballroom or drawing room when he did not wear high heels , a powdered face , or wig . I wanted to know how people reacted to his darker colors and simpler masculine , less-effeminate style . How long did it take to change men 's fashion ? Brummell made a courageous statement in fashion , and yet there was no grandiose cinematic show of it . There was one scene where gentlemen came to watch him dress , but there was little explanation as to why they would waste their time . Wigs and perfume were all used to mask the lack of bathing , and yet there was no significant statement of the change Brummell enacted . How did he convince men to bathe more often and how did he influence the importance of personal hygiene for both men and women ? There was more to be told of the story and the movie failed .
 I was disappointed in this movie . From the description , I thought it would be more comprehensive regarding Beau Brummell 's rise to popularity in Regency England . It was more ` artistic ' . I would not recommend .
 I love period films , but I did not enjoy this one . The plot was thin , I thought the acting was well done .
 Unfortunately these episodes date from the first 2 series , which were nowhere near as clever , inventive , subtle and hysterical as the later episodes . I really would n't bracket any of these as SImpsons classics , having seen maybe 200 episodes . 2 Cars In Every Garage is probably the best , marking the first appearance of a 3-eyed fish -LRB- a great insight into the surreal humour of the show 's authors -RRB- . Treehouse Of Horror was stylish and also very surreal , especially the first part . Bart Vs Thanksgiving , and Bart gets an F to an extent , falls into the pigeonhole of early episodes characterised by Bart doing somethig ` bad ' -LRB- and personally I prefer seeing Homer be stupid -RRB- and neither are all that engaging , otehr than the superbly constructed Snow Day scenes . I would n't bother with this one .
 Firstly I will state that I am a VERY big Xenosaga fan and that is probably why I hated this show . It is riddled with a myriad of problems that stem from it not following the game very well.Firstly lets talk about the animation . Toei animation is the LAST studio i would have wanted to do a Xenosaga anime . The games have a great look -LRB- despite them all looking different -RRB- and they made this look more like Astro Boy or Dragon Ball then they made it look like Xenosaga.In terms of storyline it 's a total mess . Characters appear when they should n't certain characters die later in the story which completely removes the significance of their death -LRB- Virgil for example -RRB- Many characters act NOTHING like they do in the original game and take actions which are going against what they are trying to accomplish . All the deep Philosophical , Religious and science aspects of the show have been all but removed -LRB- which considering Toei makes stuff for kids that 's probably why despite the show not being a kids show at all -RRB- . The action scenes fail to live up to the game in any way shape or form which should have been pretty easy considering animation is alot more free form then making a game engine.The beautiful soundtrack from the games is gone and replaced for a crappy mediocre one that adds nothing to the show -LRB- which is a shame as music was a VERY big part of the games -RRB- . And if you happen to be a fan of the original voice cast from the English version of the game -LRB- which were top notch -RRB- you will be disappointed yet again as every single character is recast and in most cases are HORRIFYINGLY miscast.If you are a fan of the game do n't bother with this show . It will do nothing but sadden or anger you . Hunt down the special Edition of Xenosaga 2 that comes with a DVD of all the cut scenes from the original game and watch that instead . You will have a infinitely more enjoyable time .
 If this is the only animated show version of the series that exists , then I have seen it , and as someone who completely worships the games , this show version made me cringe . The events are completely out of order , people show up in scenes they 're not supposed to be in , and things jump around and happen so fast that it makes the overall meaning of the story hard to follow . Some of the characters do things that conflict with their own personalities and/or motives , and it makes you wonder as a fan what exactly the show producers are going for ; my favorite character , Albedo , for example , is shown doing things he would NEVER do in the game , partly because of his personality , and partly because it would conflict with his goals and completely waste his time . As he is a brilliant mastermind in the game , it completely ruins his character to show him doing petty , useless things in the show -LRB- and worse , they make him look like a pedophile , which he totally is n't if you fully understand the game 's story -RRB- . In a lot of ways it seems like they are going for dramatic shock value or something , because there are plenty of scenes in the game with long , involved , thought-provoking dialogues which would probably not grab the attention of many anime viewers , and which were thus left out of it . -LRB- I know this because I 've actually read more than a few reviews of the game which criticize how drawn out the cutscenes are . -RRB- While Xenosaga explores several deep , philosophical themes , and many new popular anime shows do the same , for some reason this anime version seems more shallow and designed almost for children , it 's sad to say . As far as the technical aspects , the animation/graphics are decent , and it is interesting to see the characters drawn in a different way physically , but the graphics in the game are far more attractive , and the game 's soundtrack is so engrossing that it is not to be missed either , unlike the show 's soundtrack . It 's hard to tell how the voice acting/dialogue compares with the game , as the version of the show I 've seen is in Japanese with subtitles , but the subtitles do seem to cut out a substantial amount of depth . And like I said , this show version is SHORT , compared to the cutscenes in the game . Any way you look at it , if you are a fan of the game , the anime series seems something of a disappointment , and I would definitely not recommend showing this to someone to try to get them involved in the series . If they were trying to showcase the game 's story to a larger audience , this was not the way to do it . I really hate to say this too , because I desperately wanted to like it .
 I bought this tape in hopes of helping me out in school more.When watching this tape the camera position was bad on one side.The lady in the video was repeating everything again and a again.I didnt learn anything out of this video i think it was a waste of money .
 I was very dissatisfied with this purchase because after I received the product , I found out that it was in a different language and I could n't understand anything on the cd 's .
 ALL THE SHOWS ARE CUT NOT LESS THAN 15 MINUTES EACH . THIS IS A RIP OFF . WATCH IT ON YOU TUBE THOSE ARE REAL LONG ONES , THIS XENON PICTURES DVD SUCKS ! .
 Walk , walk , forward , out out in , tap change , left tap change , how we doing , add the arms , here we go , four more times , heels first , left leg , knee up , from the top , take it side , right leg , here you go , go left , up , out , lift it up . This is INSANE ! Donna Richard is an internationally acclaimed fitness professional , and she has soul , but she also has a BIG MOUTH!This aerobic workout is a variation of energetic , happy people who have practiced the moves that lead you to believe you follow along . First , camera angles focus on the faces , and other pertinent body parts . You wo n't always `` see '' steps . Second , there is way tooo much yakking going on ! Third , the steps are way too complicated , constantly moving.When I do a workout , I want to focus on moves and not constantly trying to keep up . And , she yaks so much and so loud you ca n't even enjoy the music for momentum.You can get a good aerobic workout , but I seriously doubt if anyone would want to repeat this jabberwacking video too often to get the moves right.It is n't particularly high impact , and if you ca n't keep up , Donna guides you to watch a woman for low impact , but she does n't show any difference at all.I like music and I like dancing . If I want to change to a million different moves , I 'll dance to my own music in my own moves . If this is your ONLY video to ever watch , do it ; if not , skip it!The only good thing here is the `` Motown sounds . ''
 I did n't like the workout , Donna 's teaching style and some of the music that was played in the background . She talks way too much . It only got my heart rate up very little . The workout was not fun at all ! Save your money and invest in Tamilee 's Tighter Assets or her `` I want that '' series . It is a much better investment .
 I bought the Donna-Mite tape based on the previous reviews and was very disappointed . While I loved Donna 's personality and enthusiasm and really like the music , I found the tape VERY `` dancey '' . Perhaps I 'm a major klutz , but I just could n't follow the steps . Every time I caught on , they 'd move on to another step .
 I was disappointed in this video . I was looking forward to doing a routine with my 5 + year old and trying to start her on self-regulatory techniques . The video merely did a well-paced run through of various poses , but gave no structure or routine to follow . Most disappointing .
 I was expecting much more from this video . It did have kids doing poses , but it was hard to find the 13 year-old . Some of the circle games looked like they might be fun . I wanted to show it to my third grade class , but I do n't think it would hold their interest . All in all I felt I was watching someone 's home video of their family doing yoga .
 I would like to blame the director , but , did n't she preview her own material?Whatever it is that would account for the awful audio -- the sound mixing , or Ms. Corn 's strident , almost lecturing tone as she reads her voice-over script -- I found it remarkably annoying and distracting . Also , the sequencing is not unique enough to get lost in the practice , so to speak . I really wanted to like this DVD ; Ms. Corn has lovely form and provides a good demonstration of the standard poses , but there is nothing novel enough about the two practices to justify keeping this DVD in my collection when I find myself slipping into grit-my-teeth-asana as I try to concentrate on the music , which can barely be detected behind the grating narration . A big disappointment .
 Worst instructional video I have ever used . She talks and talks and talks and moves real fast . I had an extremely difficult time catching up to her and then she is on to the next move.The video starts with about 20 minutes of advertisement and the next 20 minutes is just watching her move . You must use the remote to find the `` instructional '' part . What a waste . I just wish I could get her address and let her know I will never buy anything with her name on it .
 I 've done both workouts on this DVD , and I enjoyed the moves/poses ; I also liked the two different workout options -- 35 . min & 60 min . But , honestly , I dread using this video again because I do not want to hear all the lecturing about the environment , about forgiving people , about the `` planet 's blessings , '' etc. . . it almost seemed like it was a lesson on how yoga was the answer to all problems . For me , that is why I go to church and why I read my Bible . I really liked the idea of using this dvd for good flexibility , etc. , but I 'm not up for the over-the-top lecturing over and over . This is why I find it so difficult to find a good yoga dvd . I will keep looking .
 The introduction mix with lot of unusual verbal , loud and unpleasant voice !!! I do n't understand it even ... But I like Seane demonstration . Seane is a fantastic demonstrator , that 's advantage of her . The sequence is really senseless for detox flow . But it 's good for beginner without full audio mix.I 'd like to ask why the video starts with about 20 minutes of advertisement ? Its something they give this DVD as free gift ... I tried both workout Twist and flow , Purify ... Really its not going to work with detox . Well , I agree that She studied Pattabhi jois Ashtanga yoga sequence with someone and use that for her sequence . Actually here the sun salutation A and B help to open your body , after the body opening , her sequence like warm down your body . I may try with traditional sun salutation with detox flow . Lets see , how its work . Anyhow , I 'm not going to play this DVD again .
 As anyone can clearly tell from the reviews , this bundle -LRB- which is three existing DVDs shrink-wrapped together with a sheet of paper bearing the `` cover '' image rubber cemented to the front -- not a space-saver -RRB- only contains the rated cuts of FEAST II and FEAST III . However , TWC has seen fit -LRB- finally -RRB- to fix this decision by quietly releasing a new DVD . The revised set comes in a single , regular-width DVD case , and all three discs are the Unrated versions . The UPC for that version is 883476028965 , and it can be found at many Wal-Marts -LRB- right now anyway -RRB- for $ 10 . If you want a space-saving , all-Unrated way to get the FEAST movies for cheap , track down that one and pass on this one .
 Just got mine today and found out that BOTH sequels are rated R and NOT unrated as the packaging says it is !
 The guy Tyler Foster is telling the truth I went and bought the triple pack of feast unrated I matched the UPC # 883476028965 , and when I opened it each disc said unrated on it , the guy was not lying I picked my copy up at Frys electronics for 8 bucks it was worth it
 I 'm a relative neophyte to skiing and bought this with the expectation that it might facilitate my learning . In my estimation it was pretty much a waste of time and a total waste of money . Yes , it does provide a modicum of instruction , but for the most part it 's suppose to be developing muscle memory by having you watch techniques being repeated ad naseum ; did n't work for me.If you want some truly helpful instructional materials , look at the Lito Tejada-Flores and Harold Harb books and tapes .
 This item arrived broken . I had it shipped for Christmas but it was defective and now I have to pay $ 2.50 more if I want to return it . Hardly worth my trouble .
 Veggie Tales is a clever attempt to hide religeon in cute charecters , graphics , and an image played off to un-suspecting parents as just another cartoon ! When in reality this cartoon is meant to push religeon on others !
 I think that this is innappropriate for kids , because they should not grow up thinking that vegetables can talk . This should be taken into consideration before purchasing this video . My daughter now talks to any vegetable that comes home with the groceries .
 Veggie Tales is a clever attempt to hide religeon in cute charecters , graphics , and an image played off to un-suspecting parents as just another cartoon ! When in reality this cartoon is meant to push religeon on others !
 After watching this video , I fell on Beginners trails . I also almost died getting on and off the lift . I should sue the producer .
 I love this opera and I want to use it for my English classes here in South Korea . I ordered the DVD of the historic 1955 telecast . Of course , I knew it was B & W . What I did n't know was the sound was n't clear and many of the lyrics indistinguishable . Sometimes the music was too loud . The limitations of the stage , after viewing so many natural settings on TV of the past 60 + made many things stilted . I suppose that I should have expected these `` problems '' . Nevertheless , I suggest that you re-master this production and give it the visual and audio clarity it deserves.Thank you !
 Sadly , the quality of the recording is so very degraded that it was almost unbearable.I had wanted to share this with my grand kids , I remember watching myself so long ago ... they were less than impressed due to the grainy and distractingly scratchy images.The performances were amazing but this is almost like watching something shot by a video cam pointed at an old b & w ; television . I hope that somewhere there is a better copy but pass on this one.Thank goodness I have the audio CD!This is going back !!!
 It was one of the worst dvd 's that I have seen . The sound was not synchronized with the video , the picture quality was poor . I was very disappointed with the people that transferred it over from VHS . I returned it and was credited . This particular dvd should never have been offered for sale ...
 I love the music of this old Christmas piece , full of memories . I 've listened to it on records and CDs for years , but I wanted the visual effect of the opera , which I have seen onstage , live . This is a film of the original production ; , uesbut sadly , the 1955 TV production values are a disappointment . I expected black-and-white , but the total effect is so much inferior to , say , a 1955 motion-picture film . That said , the voices are splendid !
 The video version I ordered was not what I thought I was going to receive . I bought one to view and one to give as a gift . It was very dark with distorted characters and a great disappointment . It was hard to see at times and very unacceptable . In conscience I could n't keep the one for me nor could I give the other as gift . That is why I returned both copies for a refund . Why do you not create a more modern colored version of Ahmal and the Night Visitors for a DVD?Thank you for reading my thoughts on this subject .
 Sometimes being `` original '' is n't necessarily better . Now do n't get me wrong ... I love this opera and grew up watching it on tv as did many reviewers . . But I 'm not wasting my money on a black and white early tv video . What I am hoping for is a DVD of the wonderful video filmed on location in Israel with Theresa Stratas as the mother . I saw this the first time on PBS circa 1979 , and was able to find a video tape produced by VAI . However it is time for a release of that performance on DVD . If I want to hear the original cast , I have the cd of that performance .
 The Quality is tenth rate , this DVD is almost unwatchable and the audio sucks .
 I do like Air . Just barely.This could have been a good series if it had kept its 12 episodes focused on Misuzu 's arc . Instead , the first five or six episodes deal with a couple of other girls in the seaside town where Air 's story takes place . That would n't be a problem had these other girls meant something to the story or the two main characters , but ultimately they do n't . After episode six , you never see or hear of these girls again , and when the series ends you 're left wondering what point they served being there . The other major problem I had was with a certain character turning into a certain animal , with little explanation given . Wha ... ? But that 's something you 'll have to see for yourself.This show has some goods things to it , though . If you love tragic stories , you 'll have a higher chance of liking Air , as it 's more tragic than Kanon and Clannad . Like Kanon , it has an awesome English dub . The first five or six episodes , while largely meaningless to the overall plot , had some nice comedy moments , and the episodes taking place in feudal era Japan served as a refreshing and cool change of pace . I also liked how the character Haruko developed over the course of the series . The omake episodes , Air In Summer , were nice , but I need to add that it has a creepy scene that really , really was n't necessary . It involves a girl offering her virginity , and it just feels awkward and `` why ? '' in an otherwise PG show . What else ... well , I guess one of the best things about Air is that it 's the most unique of the three Kyoto Animation/Key series . Kanon and Clannad have a lot in common ; Air , not so much.The structure of this show feels haphazardly put together , but when you look at each episode individually , there 's some good stuff here . I would recommend this show to huge fans of Kanon and Clannad , but only if you 're crazy about Kyoto Animation 's style . Air is n't as well put together as Kanon or Clannad , so you need to really love Kyoto 's brand of animation to enjoy this . Or maybe not . I 've seen people online say they prefer Air to Kanon and Clannad . These people tend to be pretty rare , but they are out there . Who knows , you may end up being one of them .
 warning spoilers ahead . -LRB- review based on english audio -RRB- This anime is n't really bad , its just after watching the ending it left a bad taste in my mouth . the animation is good , its true the character designs for the girls are a little wierd . but if you 've watched the other key anime your probably used to it . The music is good but not really memorable . the story starts off good and the characters are likable . then they jump back in time a few hundred years and tell a story about the characters ancestors and the overall origin of the story . This did n't really bug me after i got used to it , the story was still good and i liked the characters they introduced , by now your probably wondering why i gave this one star , well although i enjoyed it up till now the last episodes left such a bad taste in my mouth that i shelfed the series and vowed never to watch it again . When they finally get back to the present time , they show the entire series in one episode from the viewpoint of a crow . Then they reveal the crow was the main guy character who randomly vanished -RRB- , -LRB- Even though that character and the crow were both present during the recap . Then the ending finally came and made so little sense that i 'm not even gon na bother trying to describe it to you . Ive seen animes with bad endings that do n't completely ruin the show for me , but this is not one of them.to recap my review.good animationgood voice actingstory starts goodworst ending in the history of anime
 Air is a pretty decent show , though not quite as good as Kanon and Clannad that came afterwards . ADV also gave it a great dub . But it 's not worth buying this set . Not only does it cram all the episodes onto two discs , with Funi 's usually bad AV quality as a result , but it also strips one of the episodes from the series . It may only be a recap episode , but it 's still part of the show.This is not a complete collection , and not worth buying .
 I found the opening song to be pleasant and caught myself sort of humming it a bit , and I rarely hum or sing . The animation is beautiful , nothing to complain about . The art however does not suit my tastes , the characters ' eyes seemed too far apart , I would have paid a lot of money just to go up to my screen and push all the females ' eyes just a little closer together . However , I do think the school uniform design is the cutest school uniform I have ever seen in an anime . Also when Misuzu spreads out her arms and has her hair flowing in the wind , as though she is flying , she does look angelic.This anime is based off of a video game , I have never watched an anime based off a video game that has not bored me -LRB- not to say good ones are n't out there I just have n't found them -RRB- . So why did I watch this series ? It received a lot of positive attention with articles from various anime magazines that I read . That combined with the fact that it was only 13 episodes made me give it a try , and I regret it . I gritted my teeth and finished this series simply because I had wasted money on it . Not a single episode felt slightly interesting until episode 8 and even then my interest was short lived . The story moved very slowly at first and the whole first story arc felt like fillers , then the main purpose of the anime began to show and then BAM !! an UTTER crap ending . The show became very confusing at the end , they never paused to properly explain much and very weird things were happening . Even if things were explained I doubt it would redeem my opinion of this anime . The only good scenes in this entire show were ones with the dog Potato in them , he made me smile.I 'm actually ANGRY at this anime because underneath how bad this show is I could tell there was a story that had the potential to really move me . However , this is n't to say there are n't others out there who do n't love this show . In fact when people ask for a `` short and sad '' anime I often frown and then mutter that they might like Air ... even though I did n't ... and the funny thing is they end up loving it . This is one show I really disliked and I believe I might be in the minority in my dislike for this show .
 Save yourself the money and trouble and do n't buy this series . It 's not worth the price . Buy something else.Here 's why
 Okay , so I read the bio on the series and thought I would like this anime . Boy , was I wrong . there are several cute episodes , but the story line is totally empty . Almost every episode is really sad , and in the end , the main character never reaches her goal . Everybody dies , and it is just aweful .
 I 've seen these movies before and wanted to add these to my collection because I love them . But this transfer although appears fine skipped and bleeped all the time . At intermittent moments of the film the disc appeared OK . I 've had this copy for a couple of weeks and I 'll see if Amazon will honor a return and a replacement . Good luck to me .
 This dvd is hard to find . Unfortunately it is a poor quality . The picture is fuzzy . However , if you enjoyed the movie , then you will enjoy this until a better one comes along
 Disc would not play here in Australia ... due to wrong regional code . I suggest future offers of DVD 's include warnings that some might not play in certain countries . I have had to return this item . W.Patey Queensland Australia
 This review is for `` Connecticut Yankee '' only . This movie is very enjoyable even as a musical ! But there 's one big problem - it 's a moral one . Bing Crosby goes for a beautiful lady who is betrothed to someone else . Why could n't this beautiful lady not be `` taken '' in the storyline ? This movie reminds me of `` Titanic '' by James Cameron , where Kate Winslet is to marry someone else but goes for Leonardo DiCaprio without breaking off the other engagement first , which would have been the right thing to do . A lot of people think there 's nothing wrong with this behavior . I would love to keep this movie for my collection ... but it lacks class .
 As this dvd has a region 1 setting we are not able to play it in Ireland
 As with every Nick movie from 2002 onwards , this movie is rated PG . However , some countries , like the U.K. for example , has a G equivalent . Come on ! We hardly get to see G rated movie in theaters anymore ! There are lots of PG movies for families that are innocent and do n't deserve a high rating . Maybe it 's just a filthy trick for the MPAA to encourage children to read a book or play a sport ? B *** S ** T ! I like movies , and kids like movies . I do n't it when parents worry . Please , MPAA ? Let our country 's children see a stinkin ' movie , will ya ?
 I had to watch this in my band class when we had a substitute teacher because some teenagers are so immature they watch SpongeBob . I do n't watch TV at all , and was not expecting to see this movie.The `` humor '' in this movie ranges from forced -LRB- the whole `` Goofy Goober '' thing , a Chuck E. Cheese-like establishment , only with peanutes -RRB- to disturbing -LRB- SpongeBob 's mentally challenged friend Patrick Star flies into a ceremony naked with a flag in his butt -RRB- . The only good part is when SpongeBob and Patrick get drunk off ice cream . You know what would 've been the perfect ending ? Them getting arrested for underage drinking.Hey , I 'd laugh .
 NOTE FOR PARENTS
 Very bad condition did n't work even one time because was all screchet up all ower , the box was so dirty i had to put in garbage imediatly . I dont recomand anyone to buy .
 What the f**k is this ? The TV show was funnier than this garbage ! People who does n't have seen this movie , DO N'T SEE IT ! It 's a yasste of time and money !
 -LRB- ... -RRB- ! Where was Sandy and Gary ?! I watch this ocassionly and hate it ! Sponge and Patrick go on an adventure to save the world ! Already done ! Two best friends on a journey to save the world ! Best Part was when ... wait no best part!Worst Part
 WHERE IS GARY ? I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! Gary the Snail is the best character in the cartoon . He meows , grooooowls , meows - & - growls at the same time , and can say '' No '' . He plays the violin , wears a two-tone pair of Italian brogues , and reads the paper . He is a towering intellect and is granted ZEROOO role in this so-called movie ! This omission has angered Gary fanatics all over the world ! Any SBSP movie without Gary is sacrilege ! WHERE IS GARY ? I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! WHERE IS GARY ? I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! WHERE IS GARY ? I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!! I WANT GARY !!!
 I am a Spongebob fan , but this movie was SO corny and drawn out . There were exactly 2 or 3 funny parts . This should 've been either a made for TV movie or gone straight to video and DVD .
 I 'm an adult and a member of the `` Spongebob Underground ''
 The Nickelodeon money machine has struck again . By taking Spongebob off TV and making him a movie , Nickelodeon has done a disservice to those of us who have enjoyed Spongebob over the years . This movie is ridiculous . A story that would normally be given 11 minutes has been stretched into well over an hour of boredom . None of the characters were further fleshed out and the jokes were few and far between.Plankton has stolen Neptune 's crown and pinned it on Mr. Krabbs . It 's Spongebob and Patrick to the rescue . You would think some of the peripheral characters , like Sandy and Squidward would get more screen time , but no . Just dull . The worst episode is better than this movie . Nick was just trying to get the Spongebob name on a marquee so they could cash in .
 Our family just viewed this movie a few minutes ago , it was so bad that we instantly had to tell everyone else how bad it was . We are warning you and saving you twenty dollars.From the beginning this movie took every little joke too far . There would be something funny , but then they would keep going untill the joke was dead.Also there was a great deal of violence which I find that no child could find humourous . The impressions on the character 's faces were very scary and disturbing at times . Like when the time Patrick 's face was melting.Also the amount of them talking about executing Mr. Krabs and other people . The idea of enslaving the entire world with buckets and Plankton 's crazed laugh really made it into a horror film.There was a lot of crude humor and images , such as Patrick dressed up in fishnet stockings.In conclusion they made this movie loud and scary , to hide the fact that it was n't funny.Do yourselves a favor , if you are a real spongebob fan , do n't view this movie . It is NOTHING like the TV series , you will regret watching it .
 Well , we saw this garbage on opening day . I took my 5-year-old who loves the Spongebob cartoon . It seemed like it was nearly completely devoid of humor . Do n't understand how most of the `` reviewers '' on this site reviewed the film BEFORE they 've seen it . As a Spongebob fan , I 'm very disappointed . This is one I wo n't be buying when it goes to video . Flat plot , drawn-out story and it seemed like it would never end . Even the truly funny bits -LRB- I counted about 4 -RRB- did n't make up for the boredom we suffered . Save your $ !
 It was the most exciting movie ever but Mr.Krabs was barly in the movie and sandy or squidward wer n't ethier .
 This is a dreadful movie . Anybody who tells you that it resembles the show obviously has n't seen one of them . The plot is like something you would find in a kid 's story book , the graphics are from the Ren & Stimpy school of animation , and the characters do n't sound the same even though they were done by the same people . This is surely enough to include SPONGEBOB on anyone 's list of the worst 100 films of all time . Guess that means I need to see SANTA AND THE ICE CREAM BUNNY to see if in fact anything worse for kids was ever put to celluloid .
 I gave this movie a 5 out of 5 cause the movie itself is awesome . Absolutely just amazing ... BUTI had to give the special features a 1 out of 5 casue they suck.Thats just the only way to describ them . There NOTHING of intrest really . Just some intreviews with people about the movie , some other crap about underwater life and stuff . ABSOLUTELY NO SPECIAL FEATURES about spongebob , NO SPECIAL FEATURES for Kids . They would HATE these lame excuses for special features ... . nothing interesting or fun at all.Boo to everyone who had imput on this DVD for the spcial features , they really droped the bomb on it !!!!
 I do n't know what i 'm doing rating a spong bob movie . let me say it was a complete disappointment , and boring . but then i remember this is exactly what its supposed to be , a kids cartoon . not an anime for late night airing . buy it for the kids , if your an adult fan , then skip buying , and renting . we realy do n't need to watch sponge bob `` grow up . ''
 Maybe two stars is too low , I kind of averaged out what my three year old thought of it and what I thought of it.I took my above forementioned three year old , actually she 's three and a half and quite ahead of her years , but that 's going off the subject so never mind , I took her and her nine year old cousin to the theater to see this , and they both liked it.Now my daughter likes movies , perhaps more than most her age , and her tastes range from the standard Disney classics to Spider Man to some of the LOTR -LRB- I wo n't let her watch the really scary parts -RRB- and even some odd ball stuff like the battle sequence in the Incredible Flop , I mean Hulk , movie . Anyway , back to the subject at hand , I do n't have television at my house , I think it 's a tool of satan , personally , but my ex likes cable so my child was , at some point in time , exposed to Sponge Bob.When I first found out , I sort of cringed , I mean , I figured there had to be something mentally wrong with someone that would create a cartoon character out of a sponge , but , who am I to say what peoples tastes are ? So my kid likes this Sponge Bob dude , okay , worse things could happen.I 'd never really watched the cartoon before going to see this flick , except for a few minutes here and there , so I was hoping maybe I 'd figure out the draw . I did n't really , except to maybe theorize that the extremely loud and obnoxious dialogue and the extremely loud and obnoxious drawing style of the cartoons is such a stimulus to kids that they just ca n't help themselves.In one scene in this flick , the character Patrick is dancing around in fish net stockings . He is supposed to be a kid , or at least , just a young man , so I guess the humor here is supposed to be aimed at adults , but for me , I just found it stupid.The movie Team America was truly funny and filled with adult humor , it was n't aimed at kids , it was rated R , etc. . This flick entertains kids because they do n't care what 's going on , do n't care what the stupid jokes are and just get so engaged in the loudness of it all they eat it up like candy , okay , but I did n't care for it at all , but , on the other hand , I had a nice evening out with two beautiful young ladies and , that , in itself , is priceless , so heck , just because I thought it was dumb movie does n't mean I 'm not recommending it , I 'm just saying , you 'd better be going for someone else 's pleasure , unless you like really stupid humor .
 Alright we get it SpongeBob 's on pot , we do n't a fricken ' 90 minute film about it , jeeze .
 This was stupid it was dumb and it stunk and the worst partwas the end . Why did thay let spongebobdie from the diver ? Il give you the pan down it was 8 o clockmy dad had got back from work and he had rent the spongebob movie my twin my brother and my sister and i just could hardly wait so we fierd up the tv and i wish i hadenttake my good advice dont even wach this .
 i see dis movie in dis theter it blew chunks spongbob an his friends are gay
 WHY , WHY , WHY does it always have to be the shows I hate so much to take the world by storm ?! Rocko 's Modern Life is a LOT better than Spongebob ! I ca n't believe that they even LIED about Rocko making an appearance in this movie ! For all you Spongebob fans
 Um I think this movie was pathetic . i like sponge bob but come on now spongebob gets drunk and then they have way to much violence in this movie goin our havin a hit man goin after sponge bob and patrick oh my gosh what is this world coming to taking a kids cartoon and puttin so much violence into it .
 This is just pethetic ! I do n't get the point of watching the movie . There was abot hmm ... 2 . .3 funny parts that do n't EVEN GO WITH THE MOVIE ! Even my dad fell asleep in the movie . I should ` nt even tell you the stroy . It 's so STUPID ! DO N'T BUY THIS MOVIE WHEN IT COMES OUT ! IF you buy , I hope you enjoy being bored .
 Yes yes , I know your thinking `` EVERYBODY LOVES SPONGEBOB ! `` And I do admit that it is funny and cute . But It is quite annoying . The show was fine . But a MOVIE ?!? I would rather watch a 24/7 marathon of Telatubies ! The only person in SpongeBob Squarepants that is even remotely funny is Patrick Star!And like every other movie based off of a show , when you return to the show , THEY ACT LIKE IT NEVER HAPPENED ! Not to mention a lot of people are mad a Nick for canceling Invader Zim ! So if you want to save yourself from brain damage , I recomend not seeing this movie.Trust me , that would be a wise choice .
 OK , I know people 'll hate me for saying this movie sucks . I know people will love me for saying anything SB-related sucks , but personally I love Spongebob and it 's one of my top 3 favorite cartoons , but this louisy movie makes a mockery of this awesome franchise.The story is the worst part . Plankton frames Mr. Krabs for stealing King Neptune 's -LRB- who looks like some cheesy nut out of `` Teacher 's Pet '' -RRB- crown so Neptune will kill Mr. Krabs and Plankton will be able to take the unguarded Krabby Patty Formula ! However , Spongebob convinces Neptune to give him and Patrick about a week to retrieve the crown from the forbidden area of Shell City . However , Plankton finds out about this and sends the nearly invincible hitman , Dennis , to exterminate Spongebob and Patrick . Although this may seem like a heroic adventure , it 's just too difficult for the writers to do when they 've got ta ' fill up 90 minutes , which ultimately screwed the movie up big time ! Plus , the ending is totally unexpected in the most stupid and goofy way possible.Don ' t get me started on characters . First of all , Spongebob and Patrick hog the screen . Look , Spongebob is the least funny character and Patrick 's stupidity is exxagerated so much , it just ai n't funny ! Plus , Sandy only has one 1-second line in the whole movie and Squidward , who establishes why SB is also funny for adults , has hardly any role in the movie and when he appears , does n't act like his usual self . Now , he stands up for himself and wants to save Mr. Krabs
 I really like watching the 15-mins Spongebob Squarepants episodes on TV ; they 're very innocent and happy , but when I watched this movie I almost lost my head because of the awful it was ! This is actually `` the longest and most boring Spongebob episode ever '' , the critics here in Chile said that and I totally agree with them.The worst thing the producers could do was to include real people and stupid effects that make you laugh in the movie . Like David Hasselhoff , the made fun of himself by acting here !!!! plus , the stupid effect when he starts acting as if he was a boat or something , I had self-shame when I watched that part !!!!! I think that the worst thing you could do is to buy this DVD
 Here it comes ! The big movie of the hilarious TV series , it 's The Spongbob Squarepants Movie ! Spongbob and Patrick are on a mission to save King Neptunne 's crown , and they travel a long long way . Despite my two stars , the move has it 's moments when you laugh and giggle . But the movie lost the essance of the series
 Full Screen Edition dvds suck -LRB- UNLESS IT WAS filmed that way -RRB- . Full Screen crops the theatrical picture to 4:3 ratio which is the shape of a standard -LRB- non-widescreen -RRB- TV screen . There is no letterboxing , but up to a third of the original picture is lost . WIDESCREEN preserves the original theatrical picture ratio of the film which will appear in `` letterboxed '' format on a normal TV screen . If the movie is going to be modified from it 's original version then It should not cost as much .
 Designed for the kid at heart , this movie is an animated feature film starring the man who lives under the sea , Spongebob Squarepants . In this movie , Spongebob volunteers to travel to Shell City to retrieve the missing crown of King Neptune . The king has falsely accused Mr. Krab - Songebob 's boss where he works - of steeling the crown and has threatened to execute him immediately if Spongebob does n't find the real thief of his prized possession.This movie is aimed at the younger crowd , ages one to eight . As far as cartoon movies go , this one does n't rank very high on my critically acclaimed list . The reason is that the movie is mostly stupid with very few laughs . I realize this is a kid 's film , but there are other animated feature films with many more laughs and something for everyone in the family to enjoy . With this movie , the only ones laughing are gong to be those under eight years of age.Even when this movie is n't attempting to be funny , it is still pretty lame . Most every scene is predictable , including the ending , which you already know about ten minutes into the film . The singing scenes are also pretty weak , especially the song `` Now That We 're Men '' , sung by Spongebob and his friend Patrick , the starfish . The lyrics of this song are silly and even juveniles will roll their eyes when they listen to it . The only good song in this movie comes near the end when Spongebob starts to sing a heavy metal - type tune . It 's not something you expect , and it is at least mildly amusing.David Hasselhoff makes a cameo appearance in this film and , once again , his part is rather silly and forgettable . And that sums up my feelings toward this movie very well . Youngsters will enjoy it very much , but it will put adults and teenagers to sleep with its goofiness , lack of good humor , and complete predictability .
 I 'll admit it
 Whoever is buying this type of DVD read below the full facts on the fullscreen edition , the following is obviously true.Conversions from movies that attempt to fit as ` fullscreen editions ' and people thinking on buying the fullscreen version wo n't know a little bit of picture they 're missing from their television screen which happenes to fullscreen television sizes . I own the widescreen version of the SpongeBob SquarePants Movie , considering me a SpongeBob fan myself and this movie feels like another SpongeBob episode is combined with it , you probably figured that out already!Before you add this DVD to your cart , I would prefer the widescreen edition , because you will get the full picture of the movie just like you see it wide in the cinema , creating a brilliant outstanding picture , and you could even see extra areas that may be cut off from your fullscreen television screen . Experienced DVD fanatics like me would know everything about this , and you should too with your other collections of Digital Versatile Discs.Because it 's still the SpongeBob SquarePants Movie that I expect it to be , I 'm giving this kind a very sad two stars because fullscreen editions are n't crash hot mostly all the good time , and at least there is the movie you get what you really pay for.If you do n't believe my opinion then you would rather learning on DVD screen resolutions - do n't waste your money by testing this out . You 'll be sorry . Oh by the way , who cares if you do n't have a widescreen television ? Get it anyway ! Remember that this is a fact , and it is n't the saying of my type `` that people have nothing better to say and give it bad reviews '' .
 I am disappointed in the movie . My advice would rent first to see if you truly want this one in your collection or rapidly repeatly watched over by the little ones.The movie had a few funny parts but off beat to the clean crazy humor the show is so loved for by adults and children . Some how seeing Patrick in a pair of net stockings and high heels sort of ruins the image of cool to dearly sad way of getting a laugh , if someone finds that funny . I find the rest of the movie following suit to a lower level of humor where I think they either were trying to hard that they missed the boat or maybe not trying hard enough that the boat is a sinking ship .
 I like Spongebob , though not quite as much as my kids . This was an enjoyable , but not exceptional DVD . Around here the measure of a DVD is the encore factor . If they do n't play the hell of of it , it is n't all that . -LRB- Does n't explain El Dorado , that gets played far more often than it deserves . -RRB- It has n't been played a second time , even by my 7 year old who watches SB every day . I would n't waste the cash on this one , you 'll get more enjoyment out of the endless re-runs they play on Nick .
 I HAVE READ , LISTENED TO AND VIEWED 100 'S OF BOOKS , MOVIES ETC. . SHADES OF GRAY VIDEO IS BY FAR THE ABSOLUTE WORST PURCHASE I 'VE EVER MADE . THE BOOK HOWEVER PROMISES TO BE SUPERIOR READING BY ALL ACCOUNTS , I ENDORSE THE BOOK IN ADVANCE TRUST ME . I AM ABSOLUTELY MIFFED AT THE INFERIOR QUALITY OF THE DVD WHICH ALLEGES TO SERVE AS A PRELUDE IN SOME WAY . I MAY NEVER PURCHASE AGAIN FROM AMAZON BECAUSE OF THIS VIDEO . ALL OTHER MATERIAL AND SHIPPING ISSUES HAVE BEEN SUPERIOR . I LOST 10.00 ON THE VIDEO .
 The cardinal virtue of this double set is the very reasonable price - fans of the stars certainly can enjoy seeing them in excellent prints , though the audio feature is set far too low . It 's too bad others - are you listening MGM - continue to charge top dollar for simple reissues of films over fifty years old.The first feature is baldly derivative and lacks most of the depth a good feature should possess . Crosby , Farmer , and Raye rarely connect with the story , or , much more important , it with them ! Only for those who must see every film of their favorites.The second film has considerably more going for it
 Can not play . This was suppose to be a double3 feature . Only one movie plays . How can I get my money back ?
 This exercise video is not fun -- none of us like it . The moves are not hip or fun , and they become monotonous and boring , like you 're waiting for it to end . It seems really old or outdated . The instructor is friendly and happy , but her face is really sweaty during the video . The sound quality is not the best . There must be a better kids ' exercise video out there -- we need some fun , hip , new moves with a great beat and really good music and alot more energy ! This dvd is not worth it-invest in something else , like a huge exercise ball -- we all love that !
 For those curious as to whether Satan 's Wife exhibits Mya 's customary substandard quality , I 'm sad to report that it does . The image looks like it was pulled from an old bargain VHS tape recorded in the EP mode . As with many of Mya 's releases , there are no extras at all -LRB- not even a trailer -RRB- , and you get two audio options
 MYA must be an acronym for ` Mislead Your Audience ' because , with very few exceptions , all of their releases are sourced from the WORST possible prints - they appear to be 3rd generation VHS copies , with rolling picture lines , glitches and blemishes galore , poor audio , no contrast , washed out or flaming ` hot ' colors , you name it - if it 's anything that makes your viewing experience painful , it 's right there.It appears to be a goal or hidden agenda of theirs - even when they re-release movies on the now-defunct NoShame label , whose audio and video were impeccable and had tons of extras , MYA finds a wretched copy of the film and releases it bare-bones - no featurettes , trailers , bios , filmographies , inserts , etc. . AND they 're charging Criterion release pricing for these atrocities!Another despicable , deceptive practice of theirs is to re-title a film and use a different cover on the release , so you think you 've stumbled onto a rarity to add to your collection , only to find out when you get home that it 's something you already have ; only your copy is far superior . And I 've purchased more than one flick that 's been edited , apparently with a chainsaw , to add insult to financial injury . One bummer after another ... So what do we , the poor slobs who keep them in business , do about the heinous crimes committed against us ? I , for one , tire of lambasting them here on Amazon -LRB- read all the reviews I 've written about their releases -RRB- , so I 'm calling on you to join me in BOYCOTTING MYA COMMUNICATION releases until that time comes when they begin respecting their core audience , the rabid fans of all things Eurocult , Gaillo , Eurosleaze , Crime Dramas and Eurohorror . Fight the future , my friends , and hit them where they 've been nailing us - in the pocketbook.Sorry I 'm not reviewing the film , as it 's barely watchable due to all I 've referenced above , but it 's a stinker as well . Which is a real drag seeing as I love Marisa Mell , and her paired again with John Phillip Law -LRB- ` Danger Diabolik ' -RRB- gave me high expectations , which were lowered by the time the opening credits rolled due to the wretched picture . Save your coin and search elsewhere for your enjoyment.Divorce yourself from ` Satan 's Wife ' .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! This is the very sought after , rare Italian Horror thriller cult classic featuring Lara Wendel , Anne Heywood and Marisa Mell . The problem is , the quality is equal to the garbage quality VHS DVD-R you probably already own . Why Mya DVD does n't understand that the people who would buy this already own a poor quality copy and if they took the time to track down a good print and remastered it , they would sell 5 times as many copies . DVD labels like this confuse me . It show how they have no idea how there audience is.NOTE TO MyA DVD ... . listen , we already own poor quality copies of the movies you release ... we want high quality copies . We do not need another poor quality copy of your films . You are not selling these to people who know nothing about the movies . Those people do not want your movies . The people who want your titles already know about them and want remastered and preferably restored copies . Releasing this garbage wo n't help you.Capice ?
 I have n't seen this DVD , but I have -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- bought many other Mya titles in the past . I wo n't ever do that again . Can you say `` rip off '' ? I have no idea where they get the rights to these movies ... but I 'm guessing it 's from bottleggers around the world . Picture quality sucks on Mya DVDs . Subtitles appear and then become squiggly unreadable worms on the screen . The video flips and buckles just like an old VHS or Beta tape . Why ? Because they are cheap and make no effort for quality ... and they still charge too much for a piece of crap . That other reviewer must have been eating mushrooms ... and you notice there was no mention of picture quality ? Buyer beware !
 This film is nothing more that a cheap horror film . It 's premise , using computer software to control ones mind is a weak plot line which , considering it is the central theme , could have been presented in a fashion that might have been semi-believeable . I do n't know which would be worse , being controlled by the games in the movie , or having to sit through it .
 Disclaimer
 Dr. Philip Rothman -LRB- Terry Londeree -RRB- , a somewhat smug creepy Eric Roberts type , experiments on the minds of his willing students . It appears to be an alpha wave manipulator with a 70 's soundtrack . The subjects turn into killers and then commit suicide . There is n't much of a mystery or plot.The plot was simple and the characters shallow . Looked like a made for TV movie . Film was outdated when it was made.Parental Guide
 Some movies go with the `` everything but the kitchen sink '' philosophy . If you throw enough generic elements into a movie , it just has to be good . Conversely , if a director takes the elements of one or more genres and puts the elements into a movie without a bit of creativity , the result could be similar to this movie.This movie seems much like a typical slasher film . We have a variety of scenes that appear vaguely disturbing , with strange or sinister characters at every turn . A number of scenes have the slasher perspective , so we know where the slasher is , though the victim does not . However , other than have the accouterments of a slasher film , this movie is actually a schlock science fiction movie.You would hope for something that is not stereotypical in this movie , but you may as well forget about that . We have a corporation that is funding the work of Dr. Philip Rothman . Naturally , anyone connected with a large corporation that wears a suit and rides in the backseat of a car must be evil -LRB- stereotype alert -RRB- . Dr. Rothman shows flashy lights in a little booth to various people , consisting mostly of young , reasonably good-looking female students -LRB- stereotype alert -RRB- . Apparently the flashy light thingy is supposed to be part of a mind control experiment , and the software for the mind control is going to be installed in video games -LRB- stereotype alert -RRB- . Caught up in the paranoid nonsense and experimentation is Laurie Stevens , played by Farrah Forke . Forke is the only actor in this movie who went on to have a career in acting , starting with an on-going role in `` Wings '' the year after starring in this movie , her first . Laurie gets the flashy light treatment from Dr. Rothman , but the treatment just ramps up her libido , a little -LRB- really little -RRB- , and she kisses the target rather than killing him ; oopsie!Laurie wanders around campus looking generally morose and sad , as various people on campus kill themselves and other students , though not necessarily in that order . It would all be fun , except the action is slightly faster than watching grass growing . There are a few , all too brief moments of suspense , but the movie lets those moments go to waste . I could provide more details about the non-excitement , but you have the gist of what is happening.This movie has a few moments where it seems like it will take on the most stereotypical elements of slasher films , nudity , wanton sex , blood , gore , extended chase scenes through the woods , and the not-so-occasional expletive , but the movie backs away from these elements at what seems to be the brink . We do see what appears to be blood in a couple of scenes , but the appearance of the blood seems inconsistent with the attacks that cause the blood , so the appearance is more humorous than terrifying.When you get to the far side of the movie , there is the obligatory final scene that suggests the end is far from over -LRB- trust me , it is over -RRB- . Oh , my , is it possible that video games are being used by large corporations to establish mind control over our children ? Only if you are a paranoid person who believes there is a nefarious plan behind the actions of corporations and governments.This movie bears some similarities to other movies , beyond just the slasher stereotypes . Depending on the aspect of mind control , some other movies in this genre might be `` Videodrome , '' `` Dreamscapes , '' `` Mirage , '' `` Conspiracy Theory , '' and `` The Manchurian Candidate . '' All these movies handled the subject much better than this movie , in more interesting and intriguing ways . Indeed , if you are looking for a movie where someone is either being controlled or trying to control someone through some kind of brainwashing or mind control , try any of the aforementioned movies rather than this one.As a side note , the picture quality seems quite good , as is the sound , which should be expected for a film from 1991 . With so many good movies in the world , the only reason that would justify purchase of this film is that you must have all the movies about brainwashing or mind control . Alternatively , perhaps you are a huge Farrah Forke fan and you must have every film in which she has appeared.Incidentally , if you want a good twist -LRB- or twister -RRB- , try `` Peppermint Twist '' by Joey Dee and the Starlighters , `` The Twist '' by Chubby Checker -LRB- `` Let 's twist again ... '' -RRB- , or the game `` Twister . '' While none of these will twist your brain , they are far more fun than this movie.Good luck !
 This movie 's best feature is that it is a perfect `` opening up '' of a play , just enough to be cinematically compelling , but never leaving the stage behind . It was done so well that the artfulness of the storytelling almost made me forget about the evasiveness of the story being told . I kept looking for reasons to like this , until the cop out ending made me wonder if there had been a single moment of historic or sociological truth in the previous 100 minutes.It would have been perfectly sensible to end the story with an honest and factual recitation of the subsequent crimes committed by the men who had been falsely accused and abused by the legal system . It was perfectly bizarre for Valdez to invent `` let 's pretend '' destinies for the defendants , full of success and happiness . Am I supposed to be amused by this phony rewriting of reality?The very real evil of American soldiers , journalists and judges is laid bare , but the evil crimes of Mexican-American gang members are self-righteously minimized and sidestepped . In its trivializing of gang violence this play/film is a perfect illustration of the phoniness of Mexican-American pride . The Big Message is that double-talk and rationalizations of violence within `` Chicano '' communities is perfectly acceptable , so long as you can point your finger at systemic Establishment -LRB- read `` White '' -RRB- racism . I guess that 's the true nature of El Pachuco , then and now
 I am teaching an introductory course on Biological Anthropology and decided to preview this DVD in hopes it might be suitable for student showing . It is not . It is one of the worst `` evolution '' and/or gene-focused documentaries I have ever seen.The movie starts out suggesting this family , in which several siblings walk on all fours , somehow marks a case of `` devolution . '' This is both insulting and ridiculous . 1 -RRB- this family is unique , but a single generation of abnormality does not evolution make -LRB- and it is insulting to suggest this to/of an already stigmatized family -RRB- 2 -RRB- evolution is not a directional process , in any case!The approach of this movie is generally hodge-podge and dumbed-down -LRB- and incorrect in some places -RRB- . But , what is truly unfortunate , is that there are many well-respected scientists featured in this program , and that what they have to say is often insightful -- their contributions are simply placed on even footing with the aspects of this movie that are not insightful or even reasonable.Documentaries like this are why many people misunderstand evolution as a process .
 The Three stooges -LRB- Collectors Edition -RRB- The box says `` 7DVDs over 11 hours '' what they dont say is that there are only 4 classic stooges shorts and only on the first DVD . The rest of the set is crap . The reamaining 61/2 dvds / 10 hours are patched together bad movies and cartoons -LRB- remember the really bad stooges cartoons you wouldnt even watch back in the 60 's -RRB- It is intentionaly misrepresented . The packaging is first class , a real eyegrabber , but whats inside is junk .
 I went into buying this eight DVD box set believing that there would be at least a few classic `` Stooges '' shorts . Instead , I receive only ONE DVD of shorts , the rest of the set being comprised of various clips , biographies , and rare footage of the Howard brothers . I 'm all for learning a bit about our classic comedy heritage here , but my main complaint is that the clips on each DVD borrow greatly from each other -LRB- you 'll find yourself watching one DVD , realizing you 've seen these clips on the LAST DVD ! -RRB- , the clips are poorly edited together , and there are far too many annoying `` Pop-up Video '' - esque factoids that are indeed informative , but get in the way of enjoying the Stooges ' comedy.If you 're interested in learning about the team here , read a biography . If you want to actually WATCH the Stooges , try a different box set .
 A 3-disc reissue of 2002 's 75th Anniversary 2-disc edition from Madacy and C3 Entertainment . My earlier review of that collection follows , with these additional notes/warnings to this updated edtion ... - Disc 1 is unchanged , with the Stooges ' 4 public domain Columbia shorts transferred from mediocre 16mm , Screen Gems , dupe prints . - Disc 2 contains the same material as the earlier edition . - Disc 3 is a new addition , featuring 1970 's TV pilot KOOK 'S TOUR . Previously licensed to Anchor Bay Entertainment , rights owner C3 Entertainment has transferred home video distribution rights of this film to Madacy ... the Super8mm source material is unfortunately/inherently bad for both , but this Madacy version is further degraded with digital pixelation problems . - All bonus features on Disc 3 DUPLICATE the content of Disc 2 ! On the plus side , this new version comes in a tin case with a sound-chip mechanism containing a grand total of 4 Stooge sound-bytes , from the 4 public domain Columbia shorts on Disc 1 . Uh , yeah.Review of the earlier edition , from 2003 ... `` With the title ` Three Stooges 75th Anniversary Collectors Edition , ' and a very nice packaging presentation , you may have expectations of a wide selection of the comedy team 's best work , or even some rarities . But ... It 's a collection of public domain material , much available since the dawn of home video on many tape and disc offerings from numerous distributors . You 'll find the four pd Columbia shorts , DISORDER IN THE COURT -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , SING A SONG OF SIX PANTS -LRB- 1947 -RRB- , BRIDELESS GROOM -LRB- 1947 -RRB- and MALICE IN THE PALACE -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , plus a handful of NEW 3 STOOGES -LRB- 1965 -RRB- cartoons . Original material is limited to a 10 minute video of hellos & introductions from Stooge family members taped at a 1998 convention in CA , plus some brief hosting segments by a Curly-impersonator . Visual quality of the shorts and cartoons is lacking , dark and non-contrasty , sourced from 16mm and vhs dupes . The cartoons are ` split up , ' i.e. , the live-action segments are under one menu , & the animated segments under a separate menu ; the return to each menu contains annoying freeze frames that cut off approx . the last second of film , rather than seamless segues . From the perspective of a low price , maybe you 'll feel you got what you paid for . But if you 're looking for a collection worthy of the label ' 75th Anniversary , ' you will be very disappointed . Definitely not recommended ! ''
 This is a complete waste of money for any real Stooges fan . You do get three DVDs . One is cartoon stooges . One is Laurel and Hardy . Only one is 3 Stooges -1 Curly episode and 2 Shemp episodes . My husband is a huge Stooges fan and could n't watch anything except the Curly episode . I do n't feel it was properly advertised on the box .
 I bought this set thinking I was going to enjoy many hours of The Stooges . It only has a few shorts that are all over-played on TV , having seen them a hundred times already.Charging a full retail price for a set like this , containing just a few shorts , is shameful . You 're paying an extra 10 bucks for the tin box , little more . This set is a bargain-bin type item worth maybe four to five bucks at most.It 's my fault for being suckered out of my money . This purchase has taught me to read the content descriptions VERY CAREFULLY before buying future `` special collections . `` Now I 'm off to buy the REAL complete chronological collections of The Three Stooges being released by Sony Pictures .
 When I bought this set from wal-mart , I should have taken my own advice : `` Let the buyer beware . `` Given the number of shorts the 3 stooges made , the content of this set is lame . How they get away with calling this `` 75th anniversary collection '' I 'll never know . I enjoyed watching what is on this set-but there 's not a whole lot to brag about . `` Kooks ture '' is about the best thing here-but still it 's not worth it.Don ' t buy this set ! Now you 've been warned .
 My husband received this as a birthday gift from my daughter a few years ago . -LRB- Having no idea of its contents and having been being fooled by the packaging of this `` 75th Anniversary Collection , '' I foolishly recommended that she buy it for him . -RRB- We finally got around to watching it a couple of months ago and I can not begin to tell you how disappointed we were after viewing . I only wished we had watched sooner so that I could have suggested to my daughter that she return it for a full refund!I had certainly expected the set to contain more than FOUR of the short films that played on TV back in the 50 's and 60 's when we were kids . What was worse was that the 4 episodes were rather mediocre . Sadly , my personal favorite episode of all time -LRB- where the `` boys '' take dancing lessons from the lady with the bee in her dress -RRB- was not among them and only ONE of the episodes featured Curly who really WAS the only funny third stooge ! ARGGHHHH!Another disc contained 8 cartoons from the rather unfunny cartoon series and the final disc contained historical/biographical information that we never did view . The episodes were such a turnoff that we lost all enthusiasm for the set.I would n't even pay a dollar for this volume and MADACY should be fined for marketing such a LOUSY product in such a fancy package . I was forced to give this item one star because the review would not post with the ZERO STARS that this product deserves . BOO !
 Do n't waste your money and time on this garbage . If you want the Stooges go for the volume collections that are currently out . You will be receiving value for your buck and the opportunity to relive or perhaps meet the genius of this comedy group . For us baby-boomers it brings back fond memories of the silver screen and watching these get replayed on the little screen in our home .
 It came damaged , I sent it back to be delivered in 2 to 3 days and still have not received a replacement . The last time I emailed him , he said he did not get it back and that was after 11 days . I think it was damaged before he even sent it and thought I would keep it because of Christmas , now he is just ignoring me . VERY DISAPPOINTED !!!!! I would like my money back plus what I paid for shipping twice .
 You know those classic slap-stick `` Three Stooges '' shorts that are always on TV ? Well forget those because only 4 of their 220 short-films made it into these 7 discs . Those 4 being the public domain shorts that have been released time and time again . The rest of this set is comprised of the team 's early work with Ted Healy -LRB- which was before the Stooges even developed their act -RRB- , some late `` Curly Joe '' material and cartoons . Fans who see this impressive looking box-set will be puzzled and disappointed by the lack of what the packaging promises . It is very deceptive .
 i had actually purchased this movie at my local target store and i can say you cant judge a movie by its cover , it may look all nice and fancy but there is only a total of 4 stooges episodes on the first dvd , the second dvd are all cartoons and the 3rd is all special features and exclusive interviews with the stooges families , children/grandchildren . extremely disapointed .
 I was quite unhappy to know that this was n't a `` Collection '' of shows , but more of a `` The making of '' series . There were only a few episodes on it , and the rest of it was a disappointment by a long shot ! If you are looking for watching actual Three Stooges , DO N'T BUY THIS !
 My dad bought this item online without reading any comments on it at all , he is a big Stooges fan and thought that he was in for a real treat . He popped this in on Christmas day ready to savor his favorite trio.Was he in for a surprise.The first DVD had only 4 shorts on it and only one of these shorts had Curly , the rest had Shemp . Since Curly is my dad 's favorite he was understandably outraged . This was 75th Anniversary collection , you think it would actually have some new content and more than a handful of shorts . Instead the only good thing about this collection was the biographies of the Stooges that was in a little booklet with the DVD . Of course since most of that information could be found online my family was n't impressed.While my dad grumbled about how worthless this collection was , I went online to read the reviews on it ... and what do you know ? Turns out he could have saved himself a lot of pain if he had done a little research ahead of time.The good news is that during my reasearch I found the huge collection of The Three Stooges that Sony released and so my Dad wil be getting a nice surprise for his birthday . But this collection will be going in the back of the closet until we can get rid of it at a garage sale
 Half of these feature Shemp instead of Curly , which nobody wants . The second disc is only cartoons , which nobody wants . So really you 're only getting a couple decent episodes for your money .
 Curly , perhaps the most popular and most imatated stooge is on the cover , on the back and in all the pictures that come with this slick looking boxed set.But he is in only one of the three short films . -LRB- Also , there are hardly any short films that come with this . The other filler is cartoons , a movie without Curly and interviews and other junk . -RRB- This is not a good collection for fans of Curly . It is however good at misleading the 3 Stooges fan into thinking that he or she has found a gold mine of 3 Stooges material at a great price . Sadly , that is not to be.Instead of wasting your time and money on this blatent rip-off , you would be better off at building your 3 Stooges library on other collections that do n't contain the words `` 75th Anniversary Collection . ''
 This collection amounts to three dollar-store discs jammed into a pretty package . For those who prefer substance over style , look elsewhere for this material , which is given a pretty shoddy presentation overall.Disc 3 -LRB- which was unplayable on the two DVD players I tried it on -RRB- repeats the entire contents of Disc 2 , and adds the TV pilots Kook 's Tour and Jerks Of All Trades -- making Disc 2 a pointless redundancy . Avoid it at all costs .
 Unless you want about 4 actual episodes of 3 stooges , the rest is all old movies where the stooges had bit parts , and then cartoons . 7 DVDs ????? My well-meaning son got it for me for Xmas , and we attempted to watch it together , so I could show him how funny the stooges were . He was n't impressed . A waste of money and time .
 Others have said most of the things I was going to say . This set is trash . Specifically , the documentary was sort of interesting for tidbits of information I was n't aware of but was produced horribly . The mic on the narrator was pushed right up to his mouth causing too much proximity effect and you can hear the plosives clipping on the VO track . I 'm in audio and this is basic , audio recording 101 stuff , folks . Even the stuff I thought was mildly fun was not worth putting up with the hours of utter dreck to experience . I did n't even bother watching everything . This is a great white elephant gift exchange candidate if you 're stuck with it because it looks like it would be great . But it is n't . Stay away .
 Only 4 of the Columbia shorts , one with Curly and three with Shemp . The rest is the cartoon version , Ted Healy shorts with one , two , or three or three of the stooges , and a terrible , amateur documentary . Even the box listing the cast is wrong on the Columbia shorts . It lists Curly Joe DeRita as the star of all of them . Run away from this product , or do n't pay more than $ 2 for it .
 The packaging is so deceiving ! I had to have this set . Glad i only paid 10 bucks with ship . i 'll be very happy to sell it , break even and get somebody else peeved off at me for selling them JUNK!Usually I read comments/reviews section . this time i failed to do so and i got burned . Caveat emptor ! boys and girls . Read the reviews before you buy .
 The packaging is beautiful . Any fan of the Three Stooges would love it except for the fact that the majority of this material on this DVD set is n't the classic Three Stooges we grew up to love . It is VERY MISLEADING.Anyone defending the integrity of this release should be considered an employee of Madacy Entertainment .
 junk , waste of money , very disappointed , even misleading as the packaging contains pictures of episodes that are not even in the collection
 You get what you pay for with this set . Only contains maybe an hour of classic stooge fun . It may fill the gap in someones collection , but mostly contains fillers and short dvds . It appears to be a collection of videos that no one else wanted . One full DVD is the lame three stooges cartoons . If you are looking for classic stooge comedy this set contains very little .
 This thing is horrible do not buy it . Only one episode with Curly all else is terrible . Old clips and movies not funny at all Do no but this you will be very disapointeed as I was .
 Should have read the box before I purchased . Lots of early stooges , cartoons , and Curly Joe Stooges ... not the shorts we all know and love . Should have known better ... the price was too good ! Looks like it 's $ 100 bucks for the stuff I really wanted !
 The price was attractive , as was the packaging . The box shows Curly . But alas - Curly is not easily found in this compilation . Also - a lot of the `` extra features '' are lame . Stay away from this product . If you really want the Three Stooges - buy the 8 volume compilation from Sony instead .
 I bought this for a birthday gift for my 8 year old nephew . He hated it . It does not contain the Three Stooges TV episodes we all watched as kids . Brother-in-law said it is a bunch of vaudeville stuff .
 This is not a collection of shorts , as you would expect it to be . Rather , it 's a disappointing collection of odds and ends . As others have noted in other reviews , there are only a few shorts . You 're better off finding a different collection if you want to see the shorts , just as I will end up having to do . I think the case is very misleading as it says there is over 11 hours of material there and it does n't specify what the material is .
 If you 're looking for a true `` collection '' of some funny Stooge moments , it 's best to buy the Sony pictures chronological series . This `` collectors ' edition '' contains the same old shorts and other material you 've probably seen countless times.That 's not to say the four included shorts are n't funny -LRB- in fact , `` Brideless Groom , '' with Shemp as the lead character , and Malice in the Palace , also with Shemp , are both probably in my top five favorites -RRB- , it 's just that this set leads one into thinking they 're getting some real gems here , and not just the old public domain stuff we 've seen for years , and that we could get cheaper at any dollar store.One version of this `` collectors ' edition '' from Madacy is packaged in a fancy-looking tin lunch box , with a whoopie cushion inside , like that 's going to fool anyone into thinking you 're not just getting Brideless Groom , Sing a Song of Six Pants , Malice in the Palace , and Disorder in the Court again , along with the same old unfunny animated cartoons from the 60s , and live-action segments with the almost aggressively unfunny Curly Joe DeRita . Those live action segments are only worth it to see Larry and Moe , and also Emil Sitka from time to time , but it 's best to just tune out Curly Joe . Talk about sucking the air out of a room.In summary , four public domain shorts and a small batch of unwatchable animated cartoons and some obvious filler do not justify this release 's claim to being a collectors ' set , nor does the actual product you 're getting merit its fancy packaging . To claim that this is a `` 75th anniversary collection '' is an absolute insult to the stooges.Also , the Curly impersonator who intros some of the fluff material needs to shut up already .
 Wake of Death and In Hell , should have been released in theaters in the U.S. Wake of Death played theaters in Europe and was a hit . In the U.S. they both could have been Van Damm 's comeback films . Derailed - stinks . If your a film junkie , do not buy this triple feature . All 3 films are full screen . You really only need Wake Of Death and In Hell . I purchased both from Amazon marketplace sellers and got them cheaper than the cost of this set . In fact Wake Of Death was the best $ 3.00 movie I ever purchased . -LRB- .01 cent plus 2.99 for shipping -RRB- Whats funny , I am not a fan of JCVD , I just kept reading great reviews on both films and the fact that Ringo Lam and Simon Yam where involved -LRB- One of my favorite HK directors and I am a fan of Simon Yam -RRB- in the making of each film .
 I was dissapointed to find that In Hell was not on any of the disc.I thought I was getting three movies but dont know what happened ?
 This is the first movie I have seen whose rating slipped further the longer it played . `` Eight Women '' is the story of , well , eight women , who are trapped by a snowstorm -- all 5 inches of it . The man of the house has been murdered in the night . Young and old , black and white , of different classes , the women must try to determine who the killer is . `` Eight Women '' is also a movie about secrets , of which everyone seems to have several . The plot has more twists and turns than an Alpine road on the Tour de France . Yet the first 2/3 of the film is tolerable , funny and even a bit interesting . The characters are self-interested and fun . There 's dotty old grandma , a prissy , hysterical virgin aunt , the dead man 's vampish sister and coltish young maid , two daughters , a somber yet elegant wife -LRB- Catherine Deneuve -RRB- and a black cook . Plenty of class and age tension to make three movies.Did I mention the music ? Every twenty minutes or so , one of the characters breaks into song . These are always those stereotypical French songs -- full of longing and sadness and references to sleep and springtime -- that are tedious to American ears . And bizarre . While one character sings , the rest do slow little dances . Strange.By the 2/3 mark , I was going to give this quirky film 4 stars . But soon , the plot line spun out of control , getting more and more manic until it finally derailed completely with a tragic ending . Definitely not recommended unless you are desperate need of a bizarre experience .
 This has got to be one of the loopiest films I 've ever seen . Does it work ? Not really . Is it fun to watch ? With these women , how could it not be ? But do n't expect logic in any way , shape or form . -LRB- Keeping track of who is or is n't a lesbian alone could make your head spin . -RRB- Unfortunately , do n't expect good songs , either . Why make a musical with such paltry material ? I guess the director 's answer would be `` why not '' -- which is pretty much the feel -LRB- and philosophy -RRB- for this entire film .
 I was very disappointed in this film . With such a stellar cast , I was expecting a really good psychodrama with interesting and perceptive twists.Instead , you watch them sing -LRB- terribly -RRB- , scream at each other -LRB- with very little humor that works -RRB- , and run around in a fatuous investigation -LRB- unbelievably -RRB- . The characters are so mutable that there is little consistency to them , and they make strangely abrupt transformations that make no sense . For example , Ardnt and Deneuve are fighting , perhaps murderously , and suddenly they start making out . Huppert , a dowdy spinster virgin , suddenly appears dressed to kill as a stunning sensual beauty . It adds nothing to the plot , does n't fit with the characters , or resonate emotionally.The whole thing is like a play you would see in an amateur theatre on vacation . But you have absolutely first-rate actresses , France 's best , carrying on inanely . None of it worked for me.Now it this kind of thing appeals to you , OK . But I saw no value in it at all . Not recommended .
 Oh dear . If 7 brides for 7 brothers is one of your favorite movies then by all means buy 8 women which is equally silly . Life is Weird and so is this film directed by Francois Ozon who should have been kicked out of the academy for this one . Arnaud De Moleron , the set director , should never be employed again . The set is so ugly is steals attention away from the silly action and songs in film . Fanny Ardant is beginning to look quite piggy in the face although her figure is still fine . If the intention was to make a movie in the vein of 1950s Hollywood drama/musical this film fails on all accounts . Unless you are a die hard fan of someone in the film do n't waste your money .
 On first sight this is just a whodunnit
 I dozed off part way through the film and then after watching another ten minutes just turned off the DVD player . The film seems to be aiming to be a comedy , but fails utterly . It can not be anything else except for a very weak -LRB- dark -RRB- comedy .
 `` 8 Women '' is a corny throwback to all those archaic stage melodramas in which an assortment of oddball characters become prime suspects in a grizzly murder . These tales inevitably take place in some isolated setting cut off from the outside world -LRB- an elegant French home inundated by a perpetual blizzard is the locale here -RRB- , with each of the characters having more than ample motive for committing the crime . As `` the plot thickens , '' the characters reveal all the deep dark secrets that have been lurking beneath the placid surface of a polite , bourgeois existence . A whole genre of drawing-room farces has been built around this premise in the past - and the wonder is that anyone felt the compelling need to revive it now.Well , writer/director Francois Ozon obviously did and turned to Robert Thomas ' play for his source of inspiration -LRB- if one chooses to apply so lofty a term to describe what ends up on the screen -RRB- . In the film , Catherine Deneuve , Isabel Huppert Fanny Ardant , Danielle Darrieux and Emmanuelle Beart portray just some of the women who play an important part in the life of Marcel , the man who is discovered dead one morning , the victim of a knife stab to the back.Since this is obviously intended as an homage to a type of harmless entertainment that has long since passed from the scene , it seems a bit curmudgeonly of me to point out that `` 8 Women '' is a fairly appalling misfire , an exercise in style whose archness and cloyingness quite literally set the teeth on edge . Just because a film is intended as a `` pastiche '' does not give it carte blanche to be as bad as this one turns out to be . Every moment of the film feels excruciatingly self-conscious and cutesy , as if the writer and director were winking at us , making us feel good about ourselves for being clever and sophisticated enough to get the joke . This is never more the case than in the lame , off-putting musical numbers that the characters launch into at a moment 's notice . The filmmakers underscore the theatrical ambiance of the original piece by retaining the elaborate single set and the patently artificial backdrops - and the film is certainly pretty to look at what with all the splashes of flashy color emanating from the period furnishings and costumes -LRB- the film is set in the 1950 's and the photography captures the glossy look of the films of that era -RRB- . The ladies - fine actresses all - pull off their roles fairly well , but some of them do get a bit irritating at times . However , I choose to blame the material rather than the actresses themselves for this turn of events . `` 8 Women '' is an attempt to revive the classic drawing room farce with just enough modern `` spin '' to make it appear relevant -LRB- there 's a heavy emphasis on lesbianism , for example , to give this antiquated vehicle its up-to-the-minute , 21st Century sheen -RRB- . It 's a shame , given all the talent involved here , that the film turns out to have all the charm , wit and pertinence of one of those `` Murder Mystery/Crime-Solving Weekends '' that people were flocking to in the 1980 's and ` 90 's , designed for all those amateur detectives and Sherlock Holmes wannabes who simply were n't content to do their sleuthing from the comfort of their own armchairs at home and felt compelled to try their hand at it in public . `` 8 Women '' is pretty much on that level .
 As I watched this movie , questions kept coming to mind . Why was this movie made ? What was it in reaction to ? Why did such good actresses agree to work in it ? What were they thinking ? As you may gather , I did not like the film . I found it very disappointing , especially knowing the talents of these actresses . What happened?Some research has turned up a few answers . There was a well-received play called Huit Femmes and it is easy to imagine a good interaction between actresses on stage -LRB- ones who could sing -RRB- and an audience . This interaction is , of course , lacking in a film , which is why some theater pieces go so wrong in a screen version . This film is no Chicago -LRB- the success of which could not have inspired this work as they came out at the same time -RRB- . Maybe a better screenwriter could have saved it.If you did like the film , fine . It did gross $ 42.2 million , so you were not alone , and it must have been profitable , given the obviously low production costs . I understand it is a LBGT cult film . Is it camp , as some contend ? I do n't think so - not everything bad is camp and vice versa . Would an American audience even get French camp ? Did you like Les Vacances de M. Hulot ?
 This movie was made just after the first resurgence of movie musicals , the first round being Moulin Rouge , Knight 's Tale , and Chicago . So the French decided to get in on the trend and do a musical as well , but apparently this is much too happy a concept for the French personality , and they butchered the job . The movie is filmed like a British stage mystery ; 8 women snowed into a house with a dead man , murdered by one of them , telephone cut , who 's next to be killed ? On this level alone , the movie is trite , unimaginative , and poorly done . Then to make it worse , at some point each one of the 8 woman will have a singing/dancing number , unbelievably bad choreography coupled with a song of no musical value , some of which are actually painful to endure.The only way to get anything out of this movie is to turn off the sound and just watch Catherine Deneuve act and move -LRB- except for her badly done dance number -RRB- .
 If you have no taste ... no morals ... and are tone deaf and have time to waste then this movie is for you . What a bomb .
 This is exactly the type of movie I 'm trying to avoid . I have no idea how I came into possession of this but keep it far away from me .
 I do n't know how to review this honestly as I am split down the middle . In all honesty it reminds me of the American film `` Clue '' . Everyone is stranded in a big house , one person gets murdered , and everyone has a motive . I did n't like the musical numbers and really the film did n't hold my interest very well . I did get a kick though when the mistress arrives , sees her dead lovers body , screams , then runs to the firplace and starts singing and stripping off her clothes while singing lines such as `` When the bill comes , you have to pay '' . Watch `` Clue '' instead , it is much more entertaining .
 Imagine getting snowbound in a cabin with 8 WOMEN -LRB- Universal -RRB- and a dead body and then have to witness each woman sing and dance -LRB- badly -RRB- as they tell their story . Who dunnit ? Who cares ! A whopping French dud . See 81/2 women instead .
 Oh , my was this awful . It was a desperate-to-be-different movie with corny dialogue and even cornier subplots . The characters are two dimensional and are all arrogant in one way or another -LRB- other than the maid -RRB- . You just ca n't have a `` wacky '' and risque movie ; the mediums simply do n't mix as is proof in this film . I am a fan of our ArtHouse movie theater , and attend regularly , but this movie was one of the worst I 've seen there . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I agree with the others that gave it one star . I was expecting a much different movie . It was trying to be different , quirky , and funny and it was none of these things . I did not care about the characters because there was nothing of substance to care about . I realize it was a comedy that was supposed to be light and funny , but it did not make me laugh , in fact I was cringing at the performances especially the established older actresses . The songs were awful or maybe it was the bad singing and choreography . I am no movie critic and so if you want to risk the money be my guest . But , I rarely turn off a movie half way through and this I had to - booorrrrrinnnggg !
 This is very possibly the worst movie ever made , unless I 'm missing something and it 's intended to be a spoof . Allowing for that possibility , I 'm still incredulous when ` dramatic ' situations -LRB- one family member just learning of another family 's member 's being murdered -RRB- progress within seconds to a laughably over-staged chorus featuring lyrics on the order of `` It 's a Small World After All . '' Adding to the absurdity is one of the eight women in the movie being shot , from offstage somewhere by an unknown assailant , falling into a heap on the floor ... . but , miraculously , no blood ! By the end of the ordeal of watching this , I found myself bewildered , wondering what could have prompted backers to fund the production , and actors to sign onto the project . If I had auditioned for a part , hearing from the director what part I might have , then filled in on the scene , I would have walked out of the audition . Unless the director convinced me that the entire venture was just a parody taken to the brink of the known universe . Which is where it deserves to rest in peace .
 As a non-traditional student -LRB- having taught French for over 20 years before returning to graduate work -RRB- pursuing a doctorate in French , I ` ve seen a lot of fine French films . 8 Femmes is n`t one of them . For a charming musical , for example , see Sous les toits de Paris directed by Rene Clair in the early 1930 ` s . The forgettable songs in 8 Femmes are stiffly rendered by actresses who ca n`t sing and ca n`t dance . The drama of the murder plot is oddly juxtaposed against giddy females singing about , well , who knows what ? The songs are not organic to the movie , just added on at odd intervals so each of the eight ladies gets a chance to demonstrate her non-talent . Where is Ginger Rogers when you need her ? And you need a score card to keep track of all the ladies who are in reality lesbians . The scene with Fanny Ardant on top of Catherine Deneuve was , well , beyond words . Kindly run , do not walk , to the nearest exit .
 For all the famous names in this movie , soomething better should have come out of it . It was predictable from the first , and the twists and turns were just silly . They could n't leave the estate , although one of them managed to arrive from the outside . Just about every one was involved in something illicit , or at least in something strange . Lovers were talked about but not really discussed . The biggest bombshell involving supposed incest was discussed by just two of the eight and nothing was made of it . This movie was just an unrelated bunch of snippets that just does n't work .
 Catherine Deneuve , French cinema , 8 women and a whodunnit -- I had high expectations for this film , all disappointed.It 's a movie without a center , around characters with no depth or development . The musical numbers are curiosities , entertaining in themselves , but jarring every time you are taken out of `` real '' movie time into musical time . The two genres , country house murder and musical , do not mix well.The bigger problem is the story . Whodunnits are n't known for their depth , but these characters are complete cardboard . Worse , they change according to the needs of the scene/story . They have no center , no reality . Even the sexual orientation of some characters changes scene to scene.The actresses do the best with what they are given . The trouble is , it 's almost nothing.At one point , the murdered man 's daughter says something about him that changes your whole view of him . It 's never referred to again , with no clue as to whether it was true or a lie . A good example of how this is a movie with no center.A powerful ending could have redeemed it . Instead , there was a flashy but pointless twist . There was no insight , no depth , no redemption . If the story had a point , it seemed to be women = bad , men = good.The best thing I can say about it , aside from the costumes , are that the writer understands how to write a story with characters who reveal their secrets a bit at a time . In that sense , the story was well structured , even interesting up to a point.Mostly , this movie felt like some director 's excuse to get famous actresses in nice costumes on a sound stage . They emote away , but it 's two hours on a train to nowhere .
 I 'm admittedly not a fan of Francois Ozon . Having seen several of his films , I have n't been a devotee of his violent and overly sexual stories a la Criminal Lovers . This film seemed like an advancement for him , so I rented it . 8 Women looks great and is a change of pace , but the film can not overcome its stage roots and most of the songs are forgettable and too weakly sung to be truly enjoyable . The sets grow claustrophobic after a while , and despite the top notch acting , the story gets stale . At one point , I glanced over at my clock and saw that I still had an hour left in this story . Not a good sign when a go-nowhere plot still has 60 minutes left . Most disappointingly , the biggest revelation in the film is thrown away in one line , with no reaction shots added or consequences . And what is the ultimate message ? Women are a bunch of dithery , selfish harpies that can drive their men to desperate measures ? Sorry , despite it 's pre-feminist 1950 's setting , this is still annoying . The actors and the colors are a real treat though and the opening credits call to mind the glossy Hollywood movies of the past .
 that ca n't decide whether it 's a murder mystery or a parody of one . Each character has a < gasp ! > song , each worst than the last . Its message is the women in any man 's life will drive him crazy . Sure , the eight women here are the best that French cinema has to offer , though Catherine Deneuve is a bit of a dumpling despite being typecast as a closet `` Sapphist . '' But the movie 's unit setting is more typical of stage than cinema . And it drags , horribly . You might find its compendium of French insults interesting . But if you do n't , it 's just a director stringing cliches together to abuse both art & audience . Probably not worth your time , and certainly not worth your trouble .
 I was so disappointed in this movie . The plot sounded great , the cast was certainly good , but after twenty minutes and several songs later I wanted to turn it off . I did n't because I thought it might improve . I was wrong . I have never written a review but this one was so bad I feel I have to .
 this is for sure the badest and most boring film i have ever seen -LRB- i swear -RRB- .8 women in one room for more than 5 minutes is by far too much.and everybody has to sing a chanson.this is horrible !
 Terrible direction , terrible writing , it almost feels like the director did n't know what he was working with . Although this movie wanted to be in the same race and quality of the movie CLUE , it fails to realize that the plot and characters are incredibly riculous and not funny ha ha but funny stupid . It was a total watse of good celluloid .
 I was looking forward to this DVD , when I got it , i wished I never ordered this version . The subtitles are embedded on the screen , and if you need spanish subtitles they show up on top of the screen , so basically you have 2 different languages being written on the screen . You ca n't see what 's going on in front of you . I think they should remove this DVD from the Market and keep the one that `` Seville '' released , at least the subtitles are optional . I like this movie a lot , and I will have to buy it again `` the seville '' version . Oh and something else , if you chose the dolby surround , the sound is very bad , it keeps on fading out everynow and then . What a waste of money ?
 I 'm a good hoola hooper , but when it comes to the super advanced stuff that they are doing . . NO WAY ! Popped it into my dvd player once , I do n't even know where it is now . I was so hard !
 Purchased this DVD as a gag gift for my brother . He and his girlfriend watched it and said it was kind of raunchy . It was a good gag gift , but maybe not the best to watch .
 I realize that the laughably high rating of this movie is likely due to the extremely low standards of those who sought it out , but as someone who can be amused by large portions of Jackass , I have to tell you that this film is an extremely badly written copy of it.The mascots themselves are a combination of stereotypical loses and perverts , and while the mascot costumes are clearly inspired by actual college mascots , their stock characters are straight out of any low budget college hijinks movie you 've ever -LRB- or never -RRB- seen . There are one or two amusing scenes featuring the mascots but there 's also tons of missed opportunities.The midgets are of course , only there to be exploited for all the obvious all-been-done-before midget jokes . They 're probably about as good or better at acting than the other characters , and it 's kind of a bummer to know that some of these people have to take such demeaning roles just because there is n't much else out there . Or maybe they had a blast and I 'm just projecting.Gary Coleman comes off as badly as any tabloid article ever written about him . He clearly does n't even seem to know why he agreed to do the movie , so either he enjoyed being the heel and does a great job of acting like he hates every second of it , or he realizes that he 's reached the nadir of his acting career . Sure , it 's funny to see a short former child star turned into a foul-mouthed adult with a bad temper , but trust me when I say that whatever hilarity that conjures up in your head , the actual result is n't as engaging.The `` romantic '' subplot -LRB- a lame excuse to include more sex -RRB- is the worst part of a bad movie . I suppose if you watch this film under the influence of various things you could add a star or two to it , but honestly it 's one of the few films I 've ever bought that I actively discouraged people from enduring.If you think this is a `` so bad , it 's good '' movie , it is n't . Unless a bunch of half assed gross out and sex gags are your cup of tea , in which case go for it . Everyone else , just watch any one of the Jackass films again .
 i have both vol . one and two ... love them ! i ordered vol . three from copemania and that was in early march . . still getting the runaround ! it is April 21st . and i am still waiting ... if i ever get it i know i will love it too !
 Movie was great ! The Amazon streaming was horrible . Several times the movie would stop to buffer but would n't restart on it 's own . Several times we had back up and and restart the movie . Picture quality was good but streaming compared to NetFlix , Hulu etc. . Amazon has a long ways to go before I 'll buy another movie through your system .
 This film would have gotten three stars from me if ONLY the fight scenes were not so HORRIBILY directed . Shot at extreme close-up , one has to struggle , unsuccessfully , to follow them . I can not believe the crappy way those scenes were shot , it ruined the whole movie for me . The clueless director should have taken a cue from Spiderman 2 or the X-Men movies . People want to be able to see the action in fight scenes . Maybe he did not want us to get to good of a look at that terribly designed bat-suit . In fleeting shots , it looks okay , but if you get a good look at it , forget it . This film probably would have done better at the box-office -LRB- it limped to 200 million , good , but look nothing compared to the spidey movies , a fact which I am sure disappointed Warners , but that it is what they get for having a director ill-equipped to direct coherent fight sequences -RRB- if these flaws had been fixed before release.Also , it looked like he tried to rip off the far superior `` Blade Runner '' in some of the claustraphobically obvious set scenes . -LRB- hell , he even has Rutger Hauer -LRB- Nexus Six -RRB- in a barely there supporting role ! -RRB- The use of real world settings like Chicago , does NOT mesh when mixed in with these scenes , which also have some laughably chessey cgi , exspecially for a film with a supposed $ 200 million budget . Most of that budget must have wound up in someones pocket , or more likely , it was only there on paper.Bale was merely okay as Batman , to me he has an overall sinester appearance unsuitable for the role . Katie Holmes was a baby doll so she could have been awful and I would not have cared , but she was servicable in a thankless damsel in distress role . Neeson was good , but too beefy for the role of Ras . Why do they always do that ? Way back in ' 89 's `` Batman '' fat ass , bald nicholson was all wrong visually for Joker , yet he undeniably stole the show with a great performance . Neeson was unable to overcome this asthetic flaw to to make the role his own . And where was his hot daughter Talia , or his hulking henchman , Ubu ? The only cool thing was the red herring thrown at us concerning Ras 's true identity . Oldman made an okay Gordon , but being able to not only drive that crappy looking batmobile with no training , but succeeding in his mission with it ? Gim me a break.Now for the one thing that made this movie cool for me , Cillian Murphy 's STANDOUT performance as the `` Scarecrow '' !! He was incredible and truly made the role his own , the one real casting gem in this seriously flawed film . But , he did not have enough screen time . Why do these idiotic movie executives feel the need to have two major villians in every `` Batman '' movie since the original ? Again , have they learned nothing from Spiderman 's incredible success ? The first Batman film had a gross none of these seguels could remotely come close to , especially if you factor in adjustments for inflation . Why in the hell are they so retarded ? If Scarecrow had been the only villian , the movie would have been much more solid . He should definately return as the main villian in a sequel.It was way too long . That 's right , you do n't even see Batman until the film is half over . The boring first hour spends WAY too much time focusing on Bruce Wayne 's transformation into becoming Batman . Again , the incoherent fight scenes do NOT help matters , although for some stupid reason , Bruce 's fight scenes are easier to follow , which is really dopey , 'cause people laying down their hard earned cash expected to be able to see BATMAN in action , not all this training crap . I am damn glad I did not pay money to see this in the theater . Matter of fact , I pretty much never pay to see movies anymore , because of crap like this . The simple minded exec 's who greenlight this stuff try way too hard to suck in every possible demographic , -LRB- this reached a pinnacle with Batman and Robin -RRB- diluting the movies into averge pap unworthy of my hard earned cash.So , I am still waiting for a truly good Batman movie . I think that one with a different director , better shot fight scenes , a better looking batsuit , more like the one from the actual comics , complete with visible bat symbol with the yellow , a utility belt that looks like it could actually hold stuff , and a better looking cowl , along with the return of Scarecrow as the major villian . Or Joker , if he is done right . Which I doubt will ever happen.Why does hollywood hate comic book fans ?
 First of all
 Alot of people are going to disagree with me , but hey , controversy rules ... I found myself looking at my watch about an hour into this . Mr. Bale , who was a complete stud in American Psycho , did n't get much too work with here , and thats a shame cuz ' the kid can act . I adored the 1st Batman , that 's a 4.5 star movie , easy , Michael Keaton and of course Jack Nicholson made that movie so much fun . Unfortunately , Bale and Liam Neeson do n't have any of the chemistry that Mike and Jack had , even Clooney and Arnold had more chemistry , which is kinda sad when you think of it.I did n't care for any of the explanations on how he came to use bats , how he learned his `` art '' even the scene with his parents did not work for me cuz we saw the same scene in the first movie done much better with Jack robbing his folks and blowing them away.This did not get 1 star thanks to Michael Caine , this man rarely makes a bad movie , and even though I really did not care for this , he was still wonderfull , very funny , and really shined and made me forget that this was a different actor playing Alfred.I know alot of you loved this movie , saying it revitalized the franchise , but I disagree , I 'm Batman 'd out , we 've had four different Batman 's , two diffrent Alfred 's , three different mayor 's , a couple of different Gordon 's , enough is enough , let it end here , please.acting ... 2.5 stars , Michael Caine still rules , Bale is staledirecting ... 2.5 stars , Rather surprising from the Memento directorspecial effects ... 3 stars . Location and sets are pretty coolaction rating ... 2 stars , Like I said earlier , really boringquality ... 3.5 stars , You can tell they spent big $ $ $
 Like other reviewers , I had the same problem with the second disc . I sent it back not ONCE but TWICE , so in all I tried 3 copies of the movie , and the second disc still would not work on any copy . This movie is great , but DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION , unless you want a DVD that does n't work . They really need to fix this problem .
 I liked this movie and I 'm a big fan of widescreen , but I was very dissapointed that this version did not contain any bonus features , except for a theatrical trailer . No `` making of '' , no actor bio 's , no commentaries , etc. . Also , this version does not contain a scene index . The only inserts are a symantec software rebate coupon and a Batman collection catalog . Very cheap packaging . I 'm surprised the case was plastic instead of cardboard !
 when i ordered this product i looked at the picture of the case and when i recieved the blu ray it was in spainish and english which is fine if you show the same picture of the blu ray recieve and not like me which is falsly advertised .
 I dont know why people like this movie so much . It takes forever to get going . I know it has to setup a backstory but its still really boring . Doesnt even feel like a batman movie.It barely shows the villians . Way to much dialogue and not much action . Even the batmobile scene through the city isnt exciting . It goes like 25 mph . The blu-ray pic quality is not top of the line stuff compared to the best . I looks kinda like a upconverted dvd . Watch the preview of the dark knight on the disc and you will instantly see the difference . Also the `` League of Shadows '' storyline is laughable . Haveing just seen The Dark Knight a few days ago , i can say that it easily a 5 star movie . It starts right up and it entertaining throughout . 2 stars is for the movie not the bluray
 I could n't wait to see this movie because of so many good reviews . But ... . Without having read the reviews or other synopsis ' , I would n't have had a clue what was happening in the movie . There were so many flashbacks in the middle of scenes you never knew where you were . I like Christian Bale , but his fine acting was lost in the fancy editing . And as for Katie Holmes , her acting was like a piece of cardboard . Thank goodness someone loaned me the movie and I did n't have to pay for it . What a disappointment . Sorry , because I know the other reviews are great , but you must have been watching another movie .
 Problem number one , the action scenes are horrible . I found it really frustrating watching the fight scenes that blurred by so fast that I could n't tell what was happening.Problem number 2 , too much boring plot . The ninja training , Bale with a beard ; it reminded me more of `` the last Samurai '' , then Batman . It 's almost as if the director wanted to do a `` highlander '' film , but got stuck with Batman , so decided to make Batman `` Braveheart '' . Problem 3 , the allstar cast . Did anyone else get the feeling that the big stars were casted just to have their name added on the credits ? There was no reason to have Morgan Freeman in his small part , Katie Holmes did n't impress me , Rutger Hauer was good but wasted in such a small role , Michael Caine -LRB- of the original Italian Job 1969 -RRB- was n't a spectacular Alfred , Liam Neeson -LRB- of Rob Roy 1995 -RRB- was very good as Batmans tutor , but I hated that part of the plot , and Christian Bale -LRB- one of my favorite actors from American psycho 2000 -RRB- was a good Batman , but not as good as the original keaton.This film was okay , but not as good as the original 1989 Burton film . Yes , it 's a return to a darker Batman , but it 's a very boring Batman with very few if any interesting characters . One character I liked was Scarecrow and the actor who played him , but there was n't enough scarecrow . As soon as Scarecrows plot got interesting it was over and replaced by a boring plot involving the ninjas and a water vaporizor.Anyone remember the Saturday night live skit with Christopher Walken were he plays a record producer , and he is asking for more cowbell ? Well , Im asking for more Scarecrow . I have a flu and the only cure is more scarecrow . Jokes aside , the film was a bit of a letdown . -LRB- update 6/25/05 -RRB- I knew alot of people would be so desperate for a good batman that they would lie to themselves and say this movie is great . In my opinion , you can take this film and throw it in the overrated garbage bin ! It 's retarded people like you -LRB- the ones who like this movie -RRB- , who are killing American mainstream movies . You keep settling for garbage and that 's what you will keep getting . morons ! -LRB- update 7/6/05 -RRB- A sequel is already in the works . Well , pump it out quick while there is people still desperate and stupid enough to see this Hollywoood garbage.Hey , anyone remember the days when movies were made to entertain people instead of making fast money from a desperate public ? -LRB- update 8/25/05 -RRB- The 1989 Batman will still be talked about as a classic 20 years from now . Great lines , actors , and action . Nobody will remember this overrated piece of crap film .
 Batman Begins is exactly what it sounds like , the early years of Bruce Wayne/Batman and his motivations . The film tries desperately to be more than what it really is , an okay action film.Christian Bale is the perfect choice for Christopher Nolan 's Batman and I am not saying that like a good thing . Bale is a totally un-charasmatic and bland actor who does little more than brood . His Bruce Wayne is not much of a human being , he is a machine operating on vengance . The real tragedy of Batman is that he is destined not to have a normal life in his persuit of his rather un-obtainable goal . Not once during this film do you feel that he is split , he simply has a one-track mind goes down one path . Not much genuine character development ever occurs , it 's really just Bruce Wayne learning how to fight and then later acquiring his gadgetry.When Bruce finally dons the mask , it 's an introduction of an action film character and not so much a myth or a legend . True Batman uses fear and confusion to defeat the crowd of thugs by lurking and picking them off one by one ; I wish I can only say the thugs were confused because the poorly shot fighting bewildered me as well and it 's sadly evident through out the film . This again a case of trying to be `` realistic '' in a film that certainly need n't bother itself with such concerns . Batman is suppose to appear in full view of his victims so they , and the viewer , could absorb that he is the creature of the night come to attack his prey . Of course this could not work with this particularly banal costume Batman wears , it 's really meant to conceal one instead of appearing as a theatrical figure ; Totally wrong for film or comic books.As for supporting cast , a lot of talent here is wasted . Liam Neeson is cast as the main anatognist as a very banal Ra 's Al Ghul . Al Ghul , in the comics , was depicted as larger than life figure who is looked up to by his minions as a god and speaks like a biblical figure ; He posses fantastic wealth and power beyound the common man due has lived longer than any human being in history . He wants to rid the world of man entirely so he can restore to it 's natural beauty . This underwhelming counterpart in Nolan 's film is little more than an angry man who lost his wife . Like Wayne , simply a machine for vengance but simply takes it one step further . Neeson does well with a banal role and the same can be said for Cillian Murphy . Murphy is not as boring as Al Ghul but he certainly is wasted . He plays a creep with burlap sack over his head , dubbed Scacrecrow , fascinated by fear and uses a gas to induce fear among people but he really is used as a tool in this film for Al Ghul 's plot to destroy Gotham . I would like to have seen Scarecrow as a genuine threat but he fails to be as much when he only successfully has one victim that no one has sympathy with . Finally we come to the allies and there is n't much to go on here . Everyone here is just `` meh '' . Alfred and Rachel Dawes spout prentension about Bruce 's obligations every five secounds and Gary Oldman does a good job as a young Jim Gordon not having much else to say because everyone else pointed out the obvious but he does do so at the end . Oh and Lucius Fox played by a Morgan Freeman on auto-pilot was a nice touch for some decent humor.Now does this film hold up ? Not very well . The action is badly shot and editied , when people fight or get shot it 's all in a blur . This seems to be the popular thing in film , bad presentation , but I do n't see the appeal . The plot is incredibly stupid and worthy of a lame James Bond feature . Ras Al Ghul wants to use the Scarecrow 's fear gas by dumping into the water supply and evaporating it into a gas using some giant Microwave Emitter . When you care about nobody in the film , it dose n't help too much to try and cobble together some silly ticking time bomb plot . They should have taken the time to make Batman an actual flesh and blood character and gave people credible dialogue which dose n't constantly hammer themes in . I love Nolan 's formula of close ups , the banal Hans Zimmer score blaring , and then tossing in some fortune cookie sayings to make the film intelligent . Sorry Nolan , it did n't work on me . Let actions speak for themselves and let the audience decide.Overall , this is an okay action film but if you want great Batman films , look no further than Tim Burton and Bruce Timm 's freshman Bat outings .
 Viewed
 I really wanted to be awed by this movie after reading the rave reviews . Finally , a great Batman movie , but it was not to be.I found the plotting predictable and formulaic.Aside from the always wonderful Michael Caine , the acting is lackluster . I love Gary Oldman but he was given little to work with . Bale 's portrayal was stiff and forced and the overly-fake dark , tough-guy voicing was unintentionally funny.If fear is a central tenet of the movie and the character , the movie did little to evoke that emotion.The scenes early in the film with Liam Neeson reminded me so much of the old Kung Fu TV series , I half expected Neeson to refer to Bale as `` grasshopper '' . Aside from some interesting outdoor mountain footage , the cinematography is not particularly exciting . Whereas movies like Dark City and Sin City broke new ground with their distinctive looks , Batman Begins ' Gotham City does n't have any distinguishing characteristic beyond that really cool overhead train . There is nothing particularly dark and ominous . For a city that 's supposed to be like a modern day Sodom , it looked better than most American cities.If you are a fan of the comic , you 'll probably love the film as it is much more true to the spirit of the series than the silly `` sequels '' . It 's not a bad film by any stretch . Just not great , either .
 . . is the most interesting thing about this film . it -LRB- the film , not the goatee -RRB- is long , boring , unoriginal , and overserious . Early reviews would have you think that this film has something new to offer the superhero genre but it does n't . What the film DOES do is take the FUN out of the genre .1 . it 's long and boring
 I despise this movie ! Well , first off , my sister made me go to it . This movie takes soooo long to get going ! There are a lot of flash backs . The last bit is the last 15 minutes of the whoel thing . Do yourself a favor and go see War of the Worlds instead .
 for all the time we have to spend following him around while he drifts aimlessly . Very little Batman here , and what we do get of him ... . well , here 's some random points I 'd like to make about the movie .1 . When did the batsuit make him start yelling like a WWF reject ? When he 's not yelling , he slips into some strange ' 2 packs a day for 30 years ' croak . Sometimes the voice is so raspy you can close your eyes and picture him on the porcelain throne , straining as best he can . You even wonder if he might be on the verge of defecating from his mouth , that is seriously how hard he is trying . I 'll wait for the super collecter 's edition deluxe director 's cut , when they redo the voiceovers to give him back his calm menacing voice . For the time being , I am left to giggle and/or weep silently whenever he tries to talk while in the suit .2 . Nolan is a coward . I think there are two scenes where he had the guts to make Christian Bale stand still and let us look at the costume for more than 1.3 seconds at a time . I guess it does n't matter , since there are only 11 minutes of screentime left when Nolan finally gets around to letting Christian Bale wear the goddamn costume to begin with . Was he afraid the other kids would make fun of him ? Was he ashamed of how it turned out ? Even Scarecrow only puts his mask on for quick bursts , just barely long enough for , say , a fart to dissipate . Scarecrow does n't even have to sneak away and change into any kind of costume , that 's how lazy Hollywood has become , people .3 . Katie Holmes dials in a performance from the WB . It 's moments like her `` It 's what 's on the inside that 's on the inside '' speech that make you weep for the centuries of intellectual development that have been wasted . Later in the movie , when Batman regurgitates this gem past all of the bat phlegm stuck in his throat , you 'll be forced to question whether mankind even has the right to exist anymore .4 . This version of Bruce Wayne does n't need justice and vengeance - he needs a support group and designer antidepressants . Yeah , you fell down a well once , does it really take a ninja school for you to finally come to terms with that ? Are you crying ? There 's no crying in Batman ! This Bruce Wayne is n't driven by a passionate obsession that fuels the grim exploration of his limits and capabilities . This Bruce Wayne is a whining pansie who needs somebody to hold his hand and show him where the bathroom is . When I 'm watching a Batman movie , I should never feel like I want to pat him on the head and say `` There , there . Everything will be fine . Have some warm milk ... is that better ? Good , now get up off your can , put the damn costume on , beat some people up , and keep your mouth shut while you 're doing it ! ''
 To me , Michael Keaton will always be Batman , even though he is reluctant to accept it . Just as Christopher Reeve will always be Superman . I felt this movie was wrong on so many levels .1 . The fight scene-For a guy who 's suppose to know like 50 kinds of Martial Arts , Batman/Christian Bale certainly did n't display it .2 . Lucius Fox-I 'm confused here . While Lucius Fox is a quintissential character and some sort of master inventor , how could he be so stupid as not to know Bruce Wayne and Batman are the same person ? Also , it seems he was more like Q in the James Bond movies , where as he 's basically a Financial Wizard at Wayne Enterprises . Plus , does n't Batman build his own stuff anyway ? Not showing much intelligence for the world 's greatest detective .3 . The Vaporizer-The big one on everybody 's list . If a machine could vaporize water , would n't people be dying right and left anyway ? 4 . Scarecrow 's costume-What a waste . Scarecrow is one of my favorite villians . Why 'd they have to ruin him by making him a second hand villian like `` Firefly '' or `` Killer Croc '' or `` The Mad Hatter '' ? His costume reminded me of the old CESAR ROMERO JOKER , same concept . Throw on some makeup over a moustache , and boom , instant cheesy supervillian . Only in Scarecrow 's case , it 's a mask and straightjacket .5 . Repetitious line - `` It 's not the Fear I fear , it 's the fear of not being feared '' . How can you have so many different conversations about the same thing ? Every 10 minutes , someone was talking about FEAR . `` Fear this '' and `` Fear that . '' O.K. I get it , Criminals are a Cowardly , Superstitious Lot and in order to fight crime , I need a scary costume .6 . The Batmobile-Enough said.There 's my review . Yes , out of the 1 % of raving , lunatic fans I hated this movie . For those of you , blinded by all the hype and thought this movie was the greatest thing since , I do n't know , `` The Janet Jackson incident . '' I await your criticisms.Gary
 Wow , can you say `` boring '' any louder ? I would give this movie 0 stars if i could . I am a Batman fan , but this movie was just ridiculously boring . i mean seriously , it actually starts out with a little boy stealing a small rock from a little girl , and then he falls down a hole . talk about your exciting film openings . ah well , anyways , years later , he is Bruce Wayne , the only white man in an English-language Chinese prison . Bruce is pretty rich back in America , but he had himself sent to a Chinese prison so that he could train himself to beat people up , because he 's peaved about his parents getting shot by a lame mugger . Okay . Then , he meets a guy with some sort of unpronounceable name , and this guy wants Bruce to join his group of evil ninjas . So , Bruce is like , `` Evil ninjas ? Where do I sign up ? '' Of course , when the evil ninja training is finished -LRB- wich totally sucked -RRB- and they want him to kill somebody , Bruce freaks out and burns down the whole place , probably killing quite a few people , very not Batman like since he vowed not to `` kill '' anyone -LRB- though Michael Keaton 's was n't a complete wimp like bale is here -RRB- . Okay . Then , he goes home to rejoin the business world and fight crime . Luckily , he meets a guy at his father 's company , and this guy makes superhero equipment for a living . Talk about your happy coincidences.David Goyer must be stopped . Seriously . I have no idea how anybody could have looked at the script for this **** ing abomination and said , `` Hey , I want to make that ! '' How many lame-brained action movie clich 's can you fit into one film ? How much cringe-worthy cheesy dialog can you make your overqualified cast choke out ? How much cheesy sentimental BS can you squeeze into a movie about a guy fighting crime in a modified s & m ; outfit ? If you 're David Goyer , the possibilities are endless.I can not believe the ratings this film has received . It is a good example of what happened in `` The Emperor 's New Clothes '' . Long story short , two con men convince everyone that they 've made luxury clothes for a king when in reality , they have made nothing . According to them , only those worthy enough can see the clothes . Everyone fakes that they can see them , including a very naked king , so that they can feel worthy.My God , this fable fits `` Batman Begins '' perfectly . It is an overblown , poorly written , stiffly acted , and badly photographed film . The action is completely `` been there done that '' and is photographed WAY too up close , like many bad action movies of late . Christian Bale has a monotone voice and has NO EXPRESSION ! Not ever . He frankly looks bored most of the time . That really bugged me . And yes , his voice as Batman was just plain embarrassing . It felt like an SNL skit of Batman.I truly think that the marketing of this film was solely based on the idea that `` Batman Forever '' and `` Batman and Robin '' sucked . They were n't good , but lets remember , they each made a good amount of money for so films so critically drubbed . But they made money because people were entertained , even if they are too chicken to admit it . But Nolan gets to show us that they were stupid and frivolous movies and that he 's going to blow them out of the water by being adult and intelligent . Audiences do n't want to feel stupid , they LIKE feeling smart , thus with open arms people have accepted `` Batman Begins '' because they are told it is dark and unlike any other . But people truly are making more of `` Batman Begins '' than it is.It strives so hard to be realistic and profound that it strips the energy and excitement form Batman . People talk in heavy handed riddles and the dialog is leaden and pretentious . And the plot is at times damn confusing . Characters appear and disappear , only to change motivations or create new motivations altogether . Blue flowers and weird organizations come about hoping the audience can fill in an explanation , and some Asian guy ... has seemingly no purpose whatsoever , but appears in the film long enough so that one thinks hes there for a reason . Also , the montage of Batman training was very scatter shot . What did they show ? Really ... I think they just quickly edited a few hundred frames of nothing . The Pre-batman stuff , you know , the `` Begins '' part of the film , was n't very strong at all.In the end , I did n't care for anyone , because no one was developed ! You can talk about fear all you want , but fear is not a character trait , nor is revenge , and Bruce had seemingly no character beyond this . Maybe its Bale 's fault , as he was stiff as a corpse , but Bruce never felt real.This is so far a very harsh review , so why would I even give the film a 4/10 , when thus far it seems closer to a 2/10 from my perspective ? Out of respect to Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , Gary Oldman and Tom Wilkonson . By casting respected , award-winning actors in small parts , some which are truly perfunctory , each man is only given a few moments to strut their stuff . I cherished those moments because even in a bad movie , these guys can act . But really , Gary Oldman in a small role as a humble cop who - basically does nothing ?? Come on!Overall though , this is a huge letdown . People cite the darkness , and the depth of the characters , but the film is as deep as cardboard . You need not look farther than Bruce 's relationship to Katie Holmes ' character to see that this film is truly just a shallow hackneyed popcorn movie with a serious identity crisis , and really good marketing . If you want to see a REAL Batman movie that is not boring and actually takes risks and is original , see the aforementioned first 2 batman films BATMAN and Batman Returns . Tim Burton knew Batman -LRB- and had the most in common i think as well , lol -RRB- , and while wtahcing HIS mvoies i felt he really understood Batman and Michael Keaton as well . They are more well made , more emotional , and far cry better then this new POS movie that should have been called `` die hard 5 : now hes a bat '' . Thank you for reading .
 I really enjoyed watching all of the Batman movies except for this one . I just do n't think Bale was the right chose to play Batman . Everytime he spoke with that low corse voice , he really annoyed me . He seemed like he had to force himself to be Batman unlike Michael Keaton or Clooney which seemed more comfortable playing Batman . The only thing that I enjoyed was the very beginning where you see the special effects of bunch of bats flying around , and way at the background you see a huge Batman figure . There just was n't very much action in the movie , there 's ton of talking though . When it came to action , the camera made it look like MTV video , the action was shown very quickly so that you do n't fully see the fights . I wish our actors and actresses learn how to do kung fu , karate or other martial arts like the asian actors do . I 'm just so sick and tired of watching same actors and actresses on t.v. -LRB- Brad Pitt , Tom Cruise , Nicole Kidman , Julia Roberts , Holly Berry , Christen Bale , etc -RRB- . They seem to focus on their looks and not actual talents like knowing martial arts . I would like to see more newcomers in movies .
 If you are a batman fan this is the movie to see . We start at Bruce Wayne 's beginnings and travel with him as he trains to become the Dark Knight.The script was approved by DC comics and therefore holds more truth to the original story than the `` Batman '' movies before it . Christian Bale was a really great casting choice as he has the duality to play both the suave Bruce Wayne and the haunted Batman . Micheal Caine , Liam Neeson , and Morgan Freeman played their characters with the great skill that we 've come to expect from these legendary actors . Cillian Murphy 's portrayal of Dr. Jonathan Crane was amazing and complex . I look forward to the next movie in this remarkable new series .
 Right in the middle of the Batman Begins DVD I received from AbundaTrade the movie froze and would n't pick up again until 2 or 3 scenes before the end of the movie . I will never purchase anything from AbundaTrade ever again .
 Radom thoughts :1 . While liking the general concept of Batman , I do n't like the Dark Knight persona .2 . This movie seems to be a prequeal for all the earlier films . It tells the gripping story of Bruce Wayne in a unuiqe and emotional way .3 . Great actors , great props , great music , great special effects .4 The plot line is scary though , espeacially Dr. Crane 's mask .5 . A few suprises in this one
 It 's no Spiderman.But Christopher Nolan finally got the feeling of a Batman movie right . And Christian Bale was very good as Bruce Wayne . We did n't get to see much of Batman after all.But the movie was too predictable and the storyline boring , and just a little too star-studded which came off as pompous . I can only imagine where all these 5-star reviews are coming from
 After the first 30 minutes of senseless violence and stilted dialogue I could not bear to watch the rest of this film .
 Batman Begins -LSB- HD DVD -RSB- Ratatouille -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- i got this title on hd dvd becuase of the bonus featuresthey were horriblenot only did they not work but they were out of synci had 3 copies and they all did the same thingthe picture in picture was an absolute train wrecknot only did the movie track drown out the pic in pic trackthe little windows would close just as quickly as they appearedbut there would still be a discussioni couldnt enjoyi took it back to best buy in hopes of just a defective copybut 3i gave up and got ratatouoillebut ordered it on blu rayand hopefully the problem has been correctedi have noticed problems with other wb titles too with their pic in pic features
 i would never have imagined in a million years with all the supposed tlc focused on this flick , that it could have been this poor . it 's outrageously bad . the plot ... wait what plot ? when you see ninjas jumping around closing ranks on bruce , and if you do n't fall asleep after the first hour or so ... you 'll get to ` enjoy ' the same disjointed plotless cra # $ est that i unfortunately paid to see.AVOID
 This has got to be the worst batman movie i have ever seen .
 LET ME GET ONE THING STRAIGHT , IT IS N'T ONE STAR , BUT 0 . THIS WAS THE WORST PIECE OF TRASH BATMAN I HAVE EVER SEEN . OKAY , IN ALL THE BATMAN MOVIES , THERE IS AN AUTHENTIC BATMAN VILLIAN , THERE IS N'T IN THIS ONE . AND , WHEN YOU FIND OUT THAT THE SCARECROW IS IN IT , IT IS A TOTAL RIP OFF . I MEAN , THIS JERK PUTS ON A SCARECROW MASK , AND SAYS BOO . WOW , REALLY FRIGHTENING . AT LEAST THE JOKER WAS A MOBSTER , MR. FREEZE HAD HIS FREEZY GUN , ETC. . THEY SHOULD HAVE NEVER MADE THIS MOVIE . BATMAN AND ROBIN WAS THE BEST ONE YET , THEY SHOULD HAVE CONTINUED IT THAT WAY . AND ANOTHER THING , PEOPLE ARE LIKE I HOPE THEY MAKE A BATMAN BEGINS 2 . THINK ABOUT IT , IT THIS IS WHERE HE BECOMES BATMAN , AND AT THE END YOU FIND OUT THEY PICK UP WITH THE ORIGINAL , THERE CA N'T BE A BATMAN BEGINS 2 . IF ANYONE WOULD EVEN WANT TO MAKE ONE , THEY SHOULD BE SHOT IMMEDIATLY . PASS UP THIS PIECE OF TRASH , AND WATCH THE BEST BATMAN
 -1 . it took for ever to get started the whole bring the same fear to your enemies was annoying2.there was a classic batman bad guy3.no batmobile + the plot was good except the 1st half and the special were good could have been a lot better
 This is a rewrite of my ` Batman Begins ' review , which i just wanted to make shorter and more to the point - **** Do n't believe all the exaggerated publicity regarding this movie.This has to be one of the most over-rated films i 've ever seen.Yes , the movie has a big quality to it - it is over-produced and heavy-handed . Watching it was a real drag . Just because a movie has a big feel and look to it , does n't mean its great.Anyway , to me ` Batman Begins ' was a tiresome waste of time and as phony as Batman 's hoarse voice . -LRB- sounds like in the movie he may have a cold - so instead of pop corn , you may want to have a few cough drops on hand if you decide to watch this -RRB- . but i would skip this one.peace out & cheers ! - CrowTurtle
 Batman Begins -LRB- Limited Edition Gift Set -RRB- -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- I was all ready to watch this Blu-ray movie on the night before Dark Knight opened . When I put it my Sony Blu-ray player it would not play . I later read on the box that some Blu-ray planers need to be upgraded to play the movie . Amazon should have told me about this before I bought this item . Blu-ray players are still very costly , so I am very upset .
 A lot of people told me that Batman Begins was good but I did n't like it . The first hour was too long and slow without Batman and it was all about Bruce Wayne training to becoming Batman and Batman did not show till the last hour . I 'm not really a big fan of Liam Neeson though he 's boring but what 's really the point of this Batman movie there 's nothing exciting about it . It really was n't surprising to me . Christian Bale did make an excellent Batman and his voice really fitted as Batman but the whole movie was just not good . Wait for the DVD do n't see it in theater . That 's all I have to say . I thought War of the Worlds was better than Batman . Batman Begins really sucked .
 at the ratings . This is one of the worst films I have ever seen ! Terrible acting , storyline and special effects ! I actually threw it out . It makes Kilmer 's / Clooney 's versions look good and Keaton 's looks like masterpieces !
 I watched this movie when it first came out and thought it was really boring and disappointing . I generally like Katie Holmes and think she was fine in the movie , but Christian Bale was lousy and so was the plot and direction of this movie . If you just want to see a series of technical movie stunts followed by a few mildly romantic scenes surrounding a plethora of neurotic , self-absorbed dialogue , psychosis , and horrible directing , then you might be interested in watching this movie .
 I had high expectations for this film . I was mad when I walked in the theater so I was looking for a good action film . That is not what I saw , thoakugh . I did like how you found out how he became Batman , but otherwise the story and plot were as weak as a wet tissue . The fight scenes are horrible and sloppy because you ca n't see a thing they 're doing . the bad guys are hopeless SPOILER ALERT
 But they HAD to put overrated Katie Holmes in the movie . Sick .
 Do n't get me wrong . I like Batman Begins . I bought it the other day too . But , Tim Burton 's Batman movies are the BEST !! Bar none . The most entertaining and the most visually appealing . -LRB- Begins is a little too grainy . -RRB- The so called-Batman purists dislike the original because Jack Napier/Joker kills Bruce Wayne 's parents . Big deal . `` It 's not true to the comics '' is the lame , blindly followed line . Well if that 's the case then why in the hell is Ras Al Guhl not in the desert and there 's no mention of the Lazerus Pit ?? `` Batman does n't kill '' . What happened in Begins ? Someone died . Why no black and blue suit?It 's an interesting and refreshing thing to see the origin of the bat suit , equipment etc. . But , at times the suit looks to thick . One of the many things that made Batman appealing was his intellect . The mystery of if he designed his own stuff . His detective skills , deciphering Riddles etc. . He does n't really need a Lucious Fox . I could n't help but miss the yellow emblem . -LRB- Hopefully , Nolan and Goyer bring it back . -RRB- If you are a first time viewer you will like this movie . As a film to over and over . . It 's good once you get past a couple of drawn out beginning scenes . For a return to anything Batman I give it a 4 . : -RRB-
 It thought this movie was going to be cool , but the beggining was so boring i fell assleep ! But the end was cool .
 Like everyone of us , I grew up with Batman . It has been an enduring image . I remember wearing a towel for a cape , and much to the chagrin of mother , charging through the house and jumping off couches , imitating Batman , when I was younger.I am suprised to say the least , the proper choice of words would be appalled , shocked and angered to see the way Batman was depicted in this movie.Mark you , the story line is not too bad , and stellar performances by Michael Cain , Liam Neeson and Morgan Freeman are truly enjoyable . But the main character , Bruce Wayne a.k.a. Batman was played by arguably the worst actor in present day Cinema.Christian Bale has a speech impediment and an acting impediment . That guy could n't act convincingly for 10 seconds to save his life . He looks like one of those moronic farm hands , the kind at whom you throw an insult , and they say `` Oh yeah ... '' and pause for like forever , are lost for a comeback and then say something lame.You know the kind ? Incredibly dumb , with a jaw jutting out like a neanderthal ... ? And Katie holmes is equally bad . Having a cherubic face is not an acceptable compromise for the skills required to act in a movie . Through out the movie , they concentrate on head shots of her . The viewer is supposed to just admire her mug ... I think not , we came to watch a bloody movie . And then she has that crooked smile ... it looked so silly after some time . She just didnt have the personality or presence required to pull off a crooked smile , let alone a role as that of a Batman romantic interest.Nicole kidman and now Katie Holmes ... what has the world come to !!! The story line , as I said , wasnt too bad . But after a while , I was just sitting and watching Christian murder the movie with his absolutely terrible acting . I grimaced each time he just stood there , unable to emote or deliver his dialogues.CHRISTIAN BALE SUCKED !! I am deeply anguished and scarred by this movie . If it was possible , I would consider filing a law suit against the makers of this movie for scarring the image of a hero that we have all cherished for countless generations.I gave it 2 stars , because of Freeman , Neeson and Cain.This movie sucks , dont pay to watch it.KL
 Am I the only one who did n't like this movie ? Why this was so critically accliamed is beyond me . It was all ... bleh . The action , the characters , the acting , the dialouge ... it was all bleh . Sure , it may be the best Batman movie , but that 's not saying much at all . The talk was that this was going to be a dark and realistic movie . I just saw it as another silly superhero fare . I guess I just do n't like superheroes . If you want an interesting and dark action flick , check out the Bourne series . Batman is just for little kids and comic book fans .
 I hated this movie . Its not fleshed out , its just plain terrible . Although I still fully believe that Val Kilmer was the worst Batman , Christian Bale is the second worst . He whisper acts . Also he seems more like a actor than Bruce Wayne . He plays both with such a dullness about him , almost as if he does not really care . The story is about a bunch of mumbo-jumbo about finding the path of justice and blah blah blah . We are talking about a Batman FRANCHISE , not a Shakespearian Play . This is just a summer blockbuster . The morals are what barney should have taught you . This movie -LRB- not film -RRB- does not need to be o-so-moral or even o-so-serious . It should at least have a little fun . To me the movie is just a male version of Elektra . It has the same bad editing , the same `` flashback to my tragic childhood '' cut scenes , the same `` I can take on 15 people at the same time because I 'm just that good '' action , but most of all , it has the same `` I 'm going to fool people into thinking that melodrama is what makes movie good '' wishful thinking . The movie tests my patience and tries to treat me like a idiot . It was just a big pile of dung . Bruce Wayne has never been such a complete moron with zero common sense . One of the worst parts is that the movie contradicts itself . For example
 This movie reminded me of a very long music video without the music -LRB- other than the bombastic soundtrack -RRB- . The plot is very thin and rife with cliches , and the characters are very poorly developed . Christian Bale conveys anger well , but his character makes no other demands upon his acting ability . Katie Holmes is almost forgettable ; what separates her from a thousand other 20-something starlets is not evident in this film . Finally , I understand that Gotham is a dark place ; but this film is so visually dark that it is often difficult to discern the action . Only Michael Caine is palatable , although even his character is one-dimensional . I expected much more from Christopher Nolan , whose Memento and Insomia were remarkable for their complex yet coherent plots . Like John Dahl , Bryan Singer and Curtis Hanson before him , Nolan appears to be another young director with great potential who has decided to cash in on his reputation while he still has one .
 God sitting through this was pure un-adultrated HELL . The acting couldnt have been worse if it was rehearsed and scripted . Aside from the movie sucking beyond my imagination and the villian being the most retarted thing I honestly think I Have EVER SEEN . I had humpty dumpty sitting in front of me laughing at every boring scene in this snooze fest . So needless to say humpty dumpty cut into my fallin asleep so much i wanted to just kick the fat f *** in the back of the head.Anyway ... long story short dont waste your time , money , gas , or sanity on this retarted snooze fest ... if you do bring something to slit your wrists with . GOD I WISH I DID
 This introduction to Batman was mediocre . One line that haunts was when Liam Neeson says `` you burned down my house and left me for dead , consider us even . '' NOT TRUE !!!!! yes , bale did burn down his house , but he did not leave him in a burning house ready to die , he picked him up and ran out . he left him in the car of a neighbor . HE DID NOT LEAVE HIM TO DIE !! HOW COULD THEY LET THAT LINE PASS !!!! that on line nearly ruined the film for me . but there were other parts to help that . Gary Oldman , such a graet actor , but he had an uneasiness that Sean Penn usually has . I kinda doubt someone like that would be a sargeant or luteinant of the police department in a city like gotham where the crime is equal to the bad parts of detroit . christian bale simply did not cut it as batman either . he seemed like a college kid trying to find himself in the real world . putting on a black suit and fighting crime at night seems to be a wierd way to discover your interests , but im only 17 , what do i know . and yes , i expected more from christopher nolan . but it wasnt all his fault . the scripts these days REALLY REALLY SUCK !!!!! the two best written movies ive seen in a long time were sideways and the aviator . charlie and the chocolate factory was decent , but thast it . the screenwriters and directors really need a fire under their butt . or it could be the producers or companies like MGM or Warner Bros. , or DreamWorks ... The movie industry is taking a real pounding . I WONDER WHY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Batman is nothing but Hollywood garbage from a director who has created much better films such as Following and Memento . The plot is preposterous even though the creators claim they were trying to make Batman more realistic . The train action sequence at the end , pardon the pun , completely derails the movie from any realism they attempted to create in the first half . Morgan Freeman pretty much recycles the same role he 's played a million times . I have no earthly idea why Nolan wanted to make a superhero film . Your money is better spent elsewhere such as the new Skinny Puppy DVD The Greater Wrong of the Right . Do n't waste your money on another superhero film . Give a message to Hollywood that you want something original and creative instead of the same old Hollywood schlock .
 While this film is certainly not the bottom of the barrel , i.e. Batman & Robin , this is certainly not the apex of the Batman franchise that everyone claims it to be . While the first hour is arguably the best part of the film , which chronicles Bruce Wayne 's journey to becoming Batman and his tutelage under Liam Neeson 's Ra 's Al Ghul , the second hour is truly a series of missed opportunities . Tom Wilkinson 's Carmine Falcone is a caricature of the classic Italian mob boss , and Katie Holmes is a casualty of the terrible dialogue that is rampant throughout this movie -LRB- i.e. Liam Neeson at one point says , `` Now , if you 'll excuse me , I have a city to destroy . '' -RRB- . My advice would be to skip this film , and go straight to its sequelsThe Dark KnightandThe Dark Knight Rises , which are vastly superior both in terms of character development , dialogue , and plot . However , if you are looking for a film that embodies everything Batman then just watch Tim Burton 's classic firstBatmanstarring Michael Keaton and Jack Nicholson .
 i love this movie my problem is with the quality of the product the case is useless and doesnt hold the disk in place this led to the disk freely thumping around while it was being shipped and is scratched all over it looks like its been used .
 The movie is fine . What is misrepresented is what is included . All the reviews comment about two disks and all the extras included . My blu ray only contained a disk inside . NOTHING else . Not even the warning about copyright like the pictures show.I dont know why amazon shows reviews for different products ... I was expecting the extra disk.For the 9 $ I paid , its not worth my effort to do anything , but I wanted the two disk version , and would have bought it for the few extra bucks it would have costs ...
 I did n't like the film nearly as much as the 1989 , 1992 and 1995 movies , but yes , it was WAY WAY WAY WAY better than the 1997 film . Still not as good as the first Batman and I think I liked even Batman Forever more than this one.Firstly , if you 're going to end up knowing who killed Wayne 's parents , fine , but make it someone worthy -LRB- like the Joker -RRB- . Batman never knew who killed his parents in the comic and I think that was vital to why he continues to be Batman . When are screenwriters going to realize not to tinker with the comic . What made Spiderman and X-Men work was that it honored the core elements of the comic.Secondly , the villians were kind of plain . They do n't need to be toony and over-the-top like Two-Face and the Riddler were , but a good mix of gritty realism and comic appeal -LRB- i.e. Jack Nicholson , Devito and Phiffer -RRB- would have helped.They also had no cool superhero music . All great superhero movies from Superman 's I and II , to X-Men to Spiderman all have great superhero music . I loved the gritty Elfman theme and the Batman Forever theme worked too , even if the rest of the movie was a bit over the top . Where 's the superhero music?Finally , the Batmobile did n't look like a car , it looked liked a tank . The Batmobile is supposed to be stylish.Liked the fact that it was grittier than the last two films and had good narrative , I think it tried too hard not to be ` Batman and Robin . ' Michael Keaton did a great job with the first two and there was no need to totally separate it from the previous franchise , which was actually really good except for the last one .
 The movie has bad quality and bad sound . I have a sony blu ray player and i stream really high quality movies , but this movie was a bad experience .
 The movie is great but the most dissapointing thing is that the product is wrong , the metal case has no inside art work , it is not the version I want . How could this happen ?? It is not worth 39.9 at all !
 Batman Begins is freakin awesome ... but there are technical flaws with the two-disc edition . The second disc has the copyright infringment notice and the WB logo , and nothing else . There are a few reviews siting this same problem , but I had Amazon to send me another copy only to find the same problem with this one too . There seems to be a conspiracy afoot !!
 Bruce Wayne trained as a ninja ? He could single-handedly defeat all the other ninjas , including his mentors ? He got all his weapons and gadgets from an inventor in his late father 's company ? Where did he park his batmobile when he was fighting thugs and rescuing his girlfriend ? How did he drive the batmobile there without being noticed in the first place ? The ninjas were going to kill him , but when the giant beam fell on him , they just left him alone , to be rescued by the butler ??? They tried to fit all the pieces in , but ended up leaving too many holes .
 This movie was sorta hard for me to get into . I felt like it left out some crucial points and did n't really show the depth of Bruce Wayne 's character . Towards the end though I really like it because it started getting action packed and leaving me wanting more but I was very disappointed with the way it ended . It could 've been better .
 Someone actually told me that BATMAN BEGINS was a decent action hero flick . I was leery , to be sure , as I had sat through all those horrific , mind-numbing `` Batman '' features of a decade ago , yet I was advised to relax ; this movie , I was told , was a `` thinking man 's '' action hero yarn -- a deep , broad , introspective spectacle of existential proportions . And so I took up my pipe and popped this puppy into the DVD player , thoroughly prepared to discover the dark origins of a comic book legend . Well , to be sure , there were bats , and there was brooding , and there was a sinister , bleak city , and there was some fighting , and some explosions -- even a vehicle that reminded me of a high-torque fertilizer spreader -- but there was n't much of anything else . In fact , BATMAN BEGINS turned out to be as shallow as dried bread crust , and just as palatable ; this movie grated on my nerves like a marathon session of traffic court . Where do I pay the fine so I can get out of here?Via much fanfare , this movie was heralded as a departure from its batty predecessors . Writer David Goyer and director Christopher Nolan collaborated on the screenplay -- an allegedly brilliant manuscript destined to redefine the action hero genre . In all fairness , the writers did attempt to present a story meshing the incompatible elements of realism and super action . They also attempted to present a brooding , troubled Bruce Wayne as he grapples with his inner weaknesses and finds his crime-battling persona . But a wet dog is a wet dog ; the makers of this film can apply as many layers of reason they wish , yet this dud still comes across as a monotonous , tedious , unoriginal , been-there-done-that comic book caper . What 's worse , the fighting scenes are so constipated they looked like they were choreographed in a phone booth -- and sounded like pillow fights . And Batman -LRB- played by a wild-eyed Christian Bale -RRB- , once he puts on his pointy-eared cowl , allows his speech to become so raspy and throaty I swore he swallowed a furrball.Finally , let 's go over a roll call of utterly wasted cinematic talent . Liam Neeson . Michael Caine . Gary Oldman . Ken Watanabe . Morgan Freeman . Rutger Hauer . There 's some serious talent there , all of it zapped into superficial inconsequence via very one-dimensional , forgettable roles . And Katie Holmes , were you in this movie ? Could 've fooled me.Alas , if BATMAN BEGINS is the new face of the action hero genre , I 'll pass . Two stars for the special features deluxe edition , as the information presented on the second disc is much more entertaining than the film itself . Never a good sign when the special features trump the movie , but that 's the case here , as it turns out to be a lot more fun talking about Batman than actually watching him . -- D. Mikels
 I was looking forward to this movie with intense anticipation . I have seen every single Batman movie , and I 'm a huge fan of comic-book movies in general , with the Spiderman movies my all-time favorites . I also respect the abilities of Welsh actor , Christian Bale , and everything I 'd heard about this movie caused me to assume I 'd love it . Unfortunately , I am more sorry than I can say that I have seldom had a more painful movie experience than enduring this film . Here are some of the main reasons why : In Tim Burton 's Batman , not only did Michael Keaton do a very good job of making Batman fascinatingly mysterious , the Bat Cave and Wayne Mansion , as his two personal spaces , both reflected his personality and added to his mysterious allure . In this new Batman , Director Nolan never shows Bruce Wayne in his own personal space at all the first half of the movie . Instead , he is either in a Far Eastern prison or trekking through vast landscapes in uncharted mountain terrain , all of this peppered with flashbacks of him as a child either in a hole in the ground with terrifying bats or at the scene of the murder of his parents . In the second half of the movie , Wayne Mansion is presented as utterly alien to Bruce Wayne , so it can in no way reflect him and thereby enhance his characterization . And the Bat Cave , as presented in this movie , is simply a raw cave with bats , meaning that it , too , has no ability to reveal either Bruce Wayne or Batman as a character.The villain is also a real disappointment . I respect , too , the abilities of Irish actor , Liam Neeson , but he does a far better job playing tortured heroes than villains . He sports a perpetual non-expression as the Bad Guy of this movie , a man with a very mundane name of Ducard , and a persona that is supposed to be exotic , but comes off as ordinary and unengaging . Where a colorful , frightening villain is important in a regular action-adventure story , it is supremely vital in comic-book action-adventure stories . Thus , a Batman story just does n't look or feel like a Batman story without a Joker , Catwoman , Poison Ivy , or a Penguin.Another issue , as well , that undermines the potency of Neeson 's villain
 This was n't a bad movie per se , but I was expecting so much more . I would have to rank this as the 3rd best in the series , behind the first two . While it was nice to see the origins of Batman , I think they gave away too much . Because Batman is such a mysterious character , I think it would 've been best to have his origins described in vague manner , instead of spelling it out for every first grader to understand . Much of Batman 's mystery was lost and because of this , the movie lost much of its appeal . Another thing that bothered me was when they showed him coming back from Princeton , they tried to make him look young a few years younger , however , Katie Holmes ' character did n't age at all -LRB- I guess she uses Oil of Olay -RRB- . Contrary to other reviews , I do n't think her perfomance tarnished the movie , but I think her not aging whatsoever like Christian Bale really irritated me -LRB- you can suspend your belief only so much -RRB- . . Then we have the person who played the psych doctor at the hospital -LRB- the one w / the glasses and scarecrow mask -RRB- looks like a prototypical high school drama geek who always got his @ss kicked everyday after school . And how about that ending ?? How can there be so much carnage and no talk of casualties . I was thinking to myself when the train flew off the tracks and took out everything in its path that at least 10,000 people died in this one scene . I will say I liked Christian Bale much better than Clooney or Kilmer , but this role was perfected by Michael Keaton . The supporting actors were excellent , Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine , but the one who played the heroic cop was SOO boring . As you can see , casting was a mixed bag.In conclusion , I expect many people to tar and feather this review or to not pay any heed to it whatsoever , but I have a feeling many of you will agree with me , but will fall in line with everyone else and give it 5 stars .
 THIS FILM IS UTTERLY TERRIBLE IN THE WAY THAT IT CANCELS OUT THE ORIGINAL BATMAN MOVIE AND BATMAN RETURNS . TURNS OUT JACK NAPPIER DIDNT KILL BRUCE WAYNE 'S PARENTS , IT WAS SOME OTHER BLOKE . THAT IS THE MAIN THING THAT BOTHERED ME ABOUT THIS FILM . ALSO AT THE END THE JOKER SEEMS TO BE HANDIN OUT CARDS . DONT THINK SO . NAPPIER FELL INTO A BOWL OF ACID AND TURNED INTO THE JOKER . HE ISNT THE SORT OF GUY TO GO THROWIN JOKER CARDS ABOUT . VERY STUPID . BATMAN AND BATMAN RETURNS ARE THE BEST BATMAN FILMS MADE . KEATON MUST BE OUTRAGED CUS I WOULD BE IF I WAS HIM !
 My God the pain ! Let 's point out numerous flaws/stupid stuff in the movie :1 . Why are there present interludes when we are watching the past ? Why wo n't Nolan just show the kid Bruce and then the adult Bruce ? It 's pointless the way he does it . Oh wait I know why ; he 's a bad film maker . Sad that people mistake this for `` good film making . `` 2 . The Scarecrow has about 2 seconds , and Ra 's Ahl Ghul is so plain and boring . Yeah , this is a BATMAN movie , but come on , what is Batman without his criminals and bad guys ? Some dork in a suit who whines and whines and whines ... 3 . And whines ... and whines . Batman is a pansy in this movie . `` Oh , I fell down a well and some bats scared me . Mommy , help me ! I might start wetting the bed again ! '' Too much gibberish about `` fear '' too . It 's like who cares ? 4 . No imagination . None . What 's the scariest thing Nolan came up with with Scarecrow 's gas ? FIRE EYES ! Bow down to FIRE EYES ! Wet your pants in FEAR with FIRE EYES ! Or worms ... or a skull ... I mean instead of putting something that actually scares people -LRB- a spider ? a scary clown ? snakes ? etc. etc. -RRB- he puts FIRE EYES . All shake and tremble to FIRE EYES ! Just watch as Batman glides and what scares the people ? FIRE EYES . The movie is also `` realistic '' because Nolan ca n't but IMAGINATION and FANTASY into a FANTASY character . Ya know , making a FANTASY movie about BATMAN is out of the question ! 5 . The fight scenes ... are edited so badly it 's crazy ! People say this is from the victim 's POV ... well why was the fight scenes like that when Bats fought Ra 's or when Bruce fought the Chinese people in the beginning ? Why is Nolan treating ME like a victim -LRB- actually , after watching this `` movie '' I feel like a victim -RRB- ? The argument makes no sense . The reason Nolan shot them that way ? He sucks .6 . How he got his gadgets ... watching these sequences is about as entertaining as watching someone buying groceries at the grocery store - except here you here some idiot keep on making excuses and asking stupid questions like `` Does it come in black ? '' But then again , this is genius film making ! What is more genuis than watching people order stuff from their own company ? Best Screenplay/Director/Picture award coming this way ! 7 . The collateral damage . So Batman who wants to be silent and a dark knight costs about a billion or 2 dollars in property damages , risks cops lives and bystanders . And for what ? KATIE HOLMES -LRB- who is horrible -RRB- . That 's right . Obviously she is worth more than a dozen cops and property .8 . Closer to the comics ? Nope . Not at all . People say `` Well , the Joker did n't kill Batman 's parents ! '' Well , Ra 's Ahl Ghul did not train Bruce ! John Crane is a teacher ! Rachel Dawes does not exist in the comics ! If anything , Burton 's version is closer , even Bob Kane has admitted that 's how he always invisioned Batman .9 . The music is uninspired , with too much synthesizer and drums . Nothing special . No memerable theme like Elfman 's score . Fits the movie though ; dull , uninteresting , uninspired and boring .10 . Does n't need to be a Batman film . Replace this with Jerry Orbach and change a few characters names and BAM you have a totally different movie . Hell , you can even keep Ra 's and Scarecrow and have a different movie ; it 's just too realistic . It 's like a martial arts episode followed by Law and Order . It just is n't that great.The good things about the film : - It ends - It can be used in a suicide note - It makes me want to watch Keaton 's Batman to feel better - It gave me a warning to watch it again or its sequel
 Batman Begins would 've been a better movie had it been it 's own original character . Although comical at times and the constant changing lead actors playing Batman -LRB- i.e. Michael Keaton , Val Kilmer & George Clooney -RRB- , the consistency was there . Batman Begins and does n't quite offer an insight as to what you 're watching . Is he in Tibet ? Okay , halfway in you find out why he was locked up . Batman Begins tried to be darker than it was . The unimpressive BatMobile -LRB- Hummer , dune buggie dragster fusion -RRB- . Maybe the new generation of kids will enjoy this . But as a new twist on Batman , 2 stars . As a standalone hero , Begins would deserve maybe 4 stars .
 THIS MOVIE SUCKED BALE SOUNDS LIKE FROGGY OF OUR GANG AS BATMAN - FIGHT SCENES SOLID CRAP - BALE HORRIBLE BATMAN - WORST I EVER SAW - IF I COULD GIVE IT A MOON INSREAD OF ONE STAR I WOULD MOON IT !!!!
 I do n't know why they called this movie Batman . Maybe it should have been called Ninja man . This is not any Batman I know or would want to know . The plot and character development of this film are sorely lacking even for a comic based character - as it relies entirely on non - stop action . I enjoyed action films when Arnold was the big star of the time , but Batman Begins lacks any real excitement and is incredibly over-serious and lacking in humour.Christian Bale lacks any personality as Batman . Michael Keaton was infinitely superior . Bale has no sense of humour , is anything but handsome or physically imposing and someone who is certainly not suited for any leading role other than American Psycho .
 BORING , IT 'S ALREADY BEEN ON FOR AN HOUR AND NOTHINGS HAPPENED , I 'VE HAD TO STOP EVERY 5 MINUTES BECAUSE I 'VE BEEN SO BORED , THE ORIGINAL SERIES WAS SO LIGHT & FUN . . THIS IS PAINFUL .
 Batman Begins is another horrid chapter in the butchering of the Batman franchise , easily as bad as the worse outing in the series.The movie is promising in its first half as Bruce Wayne trains to become the Batman . It has a gritty feel that makes one hopeful this Batman movie wo n't deteriorate into another flashy , empty spectacle . But the minute Bale puts on the suit - its back to the old tired routine.What is the deal with the appalling Batman costumes , anyway ? The big wigs at Warner must have no confidence audiences will accept the Batman character in his original incarnation ; a vulnerable hero - half Sherlock Holmes - half the Shadow . We have to have an explanation about why he ca n't be shot - and that 's the point guys - he can get shot - and should once in a while.And this suit is by far the hokiest - can you imagine - fifteen years later and they ca n't figure out how to make him look cool ? Why bother making the movie if the hero looks like a bafoon?Fifteen years later , the suit still inhibits the movement of the actor so he has to rely heavily on gadgets to do what should be done by the actor . And the directors have to resort to chaotic editing to get around the fact the guy ca n't move in the thing.Say what you will about the Sixties show , but that costume was amazing . Maybe Adam West was n't the most muscular guy , but he added all sorts of nuance to the character when he was in the suit , rather than the suit becoming the character .
 I was about to see this in theatres because everyone was saying it was so good but I did n't have time . Since most others have gone into some plot and story detail i wo n't waste time here with that.So here 's my take on this movie.Batman 's costume was n't that good . It looked heavy and the pointy bat ears were really short - which they are n't supposed to be . Since when does batman have a raspy voice ? I hated batman talking like he had a sorethroat . I mean he 's a multi-billionaire and it only costs like 2-3 bucks for a bag of cough drops . The batmobile was like a tank . The batmobile is supposed to be a car , not a tank . It 's batMOBILE , not batTANK.Christian Bale as batman was good but not good enough . Batman is supposed to be like 6 `` 2 . Christian Bale is quite short actually , Katie Holmes was taller than him as well as the butler . I mean come on the butler is taller than batman !? The directors did a poor job finding an actor for this.The beginning is very slow however it is expected as the title says ` Batman Begins ' . I 'm no hardcore batman fan , meaning I do n't often read the comics or frequent batman message boards , but I do know batman is supposed one of the most respected and intelligent heroes . Alot of people are forgetting what batman really is , and they are only thinking about the action infront of their eyes in the film . Batman is intelligent , he figures out mysteries he makes good descisions . I did n't really see any of that in Batman 's character in Batman Begins.The plot in Batman was really weak . I mean we have already seen the train scene in Spiderman 2 why do they finish with something like that ? I did not feel the climax of the movie at all as a I watched it . All batman does is battle his mentor on a train while it 's about to go off the tracks . We 've seen batman throw punches and kicks earlier in the movie ! Why do they give us the same thing and people are happy with it ? I 'm tired of Hollywood giving us the same crappy predictable movies and everyone is happy with it . The story was alright but it was so dumbed down to typical Hollywood Blockbuster level with the unrequited love between Holmes/Bale with the worse being the end with yet another train hurtling towards the destruction of something ala Speed and more recent Spiderman 2 . This was a remix of a movie abet better then previous attempts but that is not saying much . Alot of people liked this movie , I did n't . It was horrible for me I hope people agree with me .
 Boring , dragged out , thought it would never end ! This movie is terrible !!!!! NOT fun like the other Batman movies !!!!!
 Okay , I 'm obviously in the minority , but here goes ... Christopher Nolan 's Memento is one of my favorite movies . I would go so far as to rank it alongside The Godfather and Vertigo . I think it 's that good . It is clever , original , and well written.Christopher Nolan 's Batman Begins is none of the above . True , it promises a character study of what drives a man to dress up like a bat and fight crime , and it does do a decent job of delivering on that promise . That aspect of the movie was interesting and reasonably wall done . But it 's also just window dressing . Batman Begins is really just another dumb , big-budget action movie , an empty spectacle we 've seen twenty times before.The writing was particularly disappointing after the brilliance of Memento . Once Batman takes on the massive criminal plot threatening Gotham nothing really makes much sense . The characters never have conversations -- they reel off what someone must think are witty one liners , or they make deep statements about becoming one with your fear and what you are on the surface defines you . Or something like that . It all ends with that big action movie cliche -- everything 's okay because the bad guy dies a just death -- while ignoring the fact that there are hallucinating , homicidal zombies roaming the streets of Gotham . In my book that 's a loose end.But I go on . My point is that Nolan has gone from making a truly original film to dressing up tired action movie cliches . I have to assume that the pressures of making a franchise movie drove things in this direction -LRB- although Spider-man II shows how good a big-budget superhero movie can be -RRB- . Batman Begins was just a huge disappointment to me . I would have expected this had Jerry Bruckheimer 's name been on it -LRB- or Joel Schumacher 's -RRB- , but I expected so much more from Nolan .
 Without going into detail about the movie . Which was great . I have to say Warner is horrible at Blu-ray transfers . The picture is very soft through out the movie . And Dobly Digital ? Come on Warner . Thats good enough for your cable/dish box , but not blu-ray . This blu-ray does not take full advatage of what the technology can achieve . I would like to see a remaster of this blu-ray .
 The movie is great , that 's why i bought the movie , but i also wanted to see all the special features , that 's the reason i bought it a blue-ray dvd for this movie.Unfortunately a lot of these special features are not working . They appear in the special features menu screen , but when i press their link , the dvd tries to load the segment , but then it returns to the disc menu screen with out showing the short . It happens with the following special features
 I suppose producers could not leave Batman alone in the course of the current revival of every possible cartoon figure , even if the last filmed series had already exploited most of the possibilities with one peak , the beautiful `` Batman returns '' with the superb Michelle Pfeiffer as the deadliest and most convincing Catwoman ever.So , to find something new , we have here a `` let 's go back to the beginnings '' , hark ! hark ! such a novelty this is , trying to explore what was purposefully left unsaid by the creators of the character.There is the usual sticky story of the poor soul wronged by men and fate who after a long wandering in the dark comes to know his real self , hark hark in the far east , among kung fu teachers.There is the usual town corrupted to the core , where all people are desperate or desperately evil but where a group of righteous souls still works for the greater good -LRB- taking an airplane to some more reasonable resort ? -RRB- Ethics are trite and commonplace , completely uninteresting , so is character development and interaction.Christian Bale is as intense as parmesan and so is Katie Holmes . Side characters are fairly good , each up to the not much required trying to give sense to the senseless lines they are given.Situations and atmosphere are convincingly gloom and desolate ; this film can be seen but only if you turn off your critical self .
 The streaming was so poor I eventually gave up and searched for the movie on my Verizon FIOS where I watched the last 30 minutes on TNT -LRB- with commercials -RRB- where it was also playing .
 Batman Begins is not a good film as many would have you believe.Perhaps on a superficial level you will be charmed by the attractive cast , the gritty sets / scenes , and the new batman suit and mobile . And to a degree the story is anchored on the question of Vengeance and Justice , which provides a measure of depth . But do they all mesh ? Moreover , does it make a good action movie?It could have . This movie did not . There are many reasons that I did not feel any empathy for this movie , but I will name just three.First , I just could not buy the whole idea of Conclave of Shadows - or whatever they called themselves . A group of shinobi types ` balancing out ' civilizations for thousands of years ... it just did not seem pluasible . It may be cliche , but it still seems more plausible that a villain would rather be what he is for the usual reasons
 The movie is amazing and worth the price . This is one of the best movies of 2005 . Disc 1 is the movie , the 2005 MTV movie awards intro spoof and a trailer . Disc 2 is the Worst DVD I have ever seen in my life . The menu system is a series of comic panels that has only one feature per screen and you ca n't tell what you are looking at with out actually starting the feature , most of the time anyway . I ca n't watch the Disc , its garbage and torture trying to deal with . Do n't -LRB- DO NOT -RRB- even think about getting this version . I am going to return my copy to get the Batman Begins -LRB- Widescreen Edition -RRB- . I never get the one disc version but I will have that one now . Save your money -LRB- even if it 's only $ 5 -LSB- if it was a fifty cents I would still tell you to say your money -RSB- it 's not worth it .
 I can not believe this . How in the world can a movie this bad get so many good reviews ? This is deffinitely the worst translation of Batman ever . This story turns Bruce Wayne into a stupid rich kid who seems to care only for himself . Not only this but at the beginning of the film Bruce is in a prison . Why in the world would Batman be a criminal . To make matters worse we find out that it is a villian who actually is responsible for creating Batman . Then they make Gordon into a cop who seems to be afraid of his own shadow . And please tell me how someone as young as Katie Holmes ends up a district attorney . None of this makes sense at all . I wo n't even talk about the army tank they try to pass off as the batmobile . The only reason this movie gets a two star rating is because of the way they showed the fear of Batman and because of the great preformance by the actor who played the Scarecrow . All in all if you want to see good Batman I suggest you buy the stellar animated series which is now on dvd .
 In This Batman Was Not Very Good Maybe it was because the villian was an idiot with a moth mask on and gased everyone to see ilussions hopefully the next batman with the joker as the villian will be better i heard it comes out june 2007 with spiderman 3 and superman
 I was suprise to recieve both dvds being DISC 1 - Feature Film & no Special Features.Your FEEDBACK features did not have any column with product defect !
 Once again , way way way overhyped ! I really expected this to be the best Batman movie yet . OMG was I wrong ! I had to fight to stay awake through the first hour , it was so boring . I think Christian Bale sucked as Batman . It 's hard to even express how stupid the Batmobile looked ! And what was with Batman talking like dirty Harry ? The best parts of this movie , were shown on the commercials . If Christian Bale plays Batman in the sequel , at least I 'll know not to waste any money seeing it .
 I was really looking forward to this title on blu ray , I already own the dvd , But it wont play on my player which is less that a year old . Buyer beware !
 Do n't waste your time or money . The movie quality is very fuzzy , that is , when it does play because it buffers and stops constantly . I have a cable modem and do not have this problem with YouTube or Netflix . I reported this problem to Amazon and they gave me a $ 5.00 credit , but that was over a year ago and the problem is still there . I 'm going out to get the DVD of this now .
 Sorry Batman fans but I did n't like the movie much because it did n't show Batman till the last hour . I wanted to like it I really did but how can you people sit through and watch the first hour without Batman ? The last hour was great but the first hour to me was kind of slow . I was about to get up and go home because the first hour was really boring and no Batman because it only showed Bruce Wayne being trained to be Batman . Christian Bale made an excellent Bruce Wayne and his voice fit the part as Batman but the beginning was too long and I really wanted to see Batman to show up but he did n't till the last hour . I liked the original Batman movies better but Batman Begins sucks .
 What an overrated flick ! Batman , as a movie , has been done to death . I found this version to be pretty boring.The beginning of this movie , when Bruce Wayne is doing some martial arts training , was pretty interesting . He develops a mentor relationship with the guy that ultimately becomes his foe.Once he becomes `` Batman '' , the movie was pretty boring . While I appreciated the attempt at making the story less campy and more gritty , the concept has been so overdone that I think it is not possible to go any further with the character.Tim Burton 's first Batman was also dark and gritty . Omit the over the top Joker bit and he also made a similar dark , moody Batman.A problem is that if the premise of the movie was to get away from fantasy and making it more believable , the movie was nontheless ... not believable . Especially the `` Sandman '' character . A wormy , wussy , wimpy shrink becomes tough as nails once he has his outfit on ? Come on!Katie Holmes is simply not a big screen actress . She has no charisma , no star power , and I felt that she was a non believable distraction to the film . She 's merely a secondary TV actress.Lastly , I did not like the ending . It seemed anti-climactic . This franchise should go in either the direction of making a film purely from the `` Bruce Wayne '' point of view and omit any fantasy aspect or emulate Raimi 's `` Spiderman '' or the first X-Men since those films have very effectively captured the magic of the superhero film.If you compare this to the newest Superman film , while that film was flawed also , at least it employed tremendous special effects , and most importantly , examined Clark Kent 's desire for love . It employed a fresh , contemporary attitude.Batman Begins seemed like a rehash of the Burton movie with the same formula yet different costumes , actors and film crew.This was a gallant attempt but I feel that Batman has been exhausted . In the last 20 years there have been too many batman movies .
 This movie is a futuristic Bat-Man , unlike the original , which took place in a 1930s big city . Gotham is futuristic and Batman 's new gizmos are also , including the new Batmobile , which I thought was the biggest flop . The original Batmobile at least looked somewhat good , this one is some sort of an army `` tank '' vehicle that looks like a kid 's radio toy -- bulky , with huge wheels and plain ugly . The first half of this film is visually pleasing , as Christopher Nolan no doubt can do -LRB- the opening scenes of a Tibetan-like snowy landscape is stunning -RRB- . But then the novelty wears off and the second half is boring due to endless explosions , fires , fighting , and typical action sequences , where the camera moves so fast , you ca n't even see what 's going on . This movie turned out to be one of the usual Hollywood action-packed films that constantly throw one-second action footage in your face , decreasing still further your attention span . I fast forwarded the end of the movie . It was interesting to see Katie Holmes on screen , but I though she was the weakest character -- she was too cutesy for her role as a serious DA prosecutor . Give me a break . With her big brown eyes , she looks like she would n't hurt a fly and she is in a role trying to send criminals to prisons . The themes presented in this movie are not original at all -- the idea of whether sacrificing some people for the benefit of all is morally justified , about who you are on the inside vs the outside , and the eastern philosophy of mastering yourself . Just some good old ideas which are given one more round in this movie . When is there going to be a worthwhile movie that will make you think for yourself ?
 I am a diehard and long-time Batman fan , and waited all my life for someone to make a ` serious ' Batman film . Now that someone has done this , I realize I was better off without one.At least , I was better off without this serious Batman film . ` Serious ' is the essence of the problem . The film goes overboard and worse yet , overlong trying to show just how Bruce Wayne got koo-koo enough to dress as bat , trying to convince us that one man could master all known martial arts and detective skills , and trying to convince us that someone could really fight in a bulletproof batsuit , and trying to convince us that a batmobile could really exist . There is no subtlety , and nothing is left to the imagination . But this flaw alone would not be fatal.What kills this movie are , in my mind , 5 unpardonable sins :1 -RRB- Katie Holms is horribly miscast as a ` hardnosed ' deputy DA and love interest for Bruce Wayne . She is the very definition of unconvincing in this role . She comes off more as a barista . Compared to Katie Holms , Kim Basinger is Meryl Steep and Lee Merriwether is Vivian Liegh . And there is absolutely zero chemistry with Christian Bale .2 -RRB- Speaking of Christian Bale
 I 'm not sure why this movie has gotten good reviews . It was not good . The dialog was awful , the plot ridiculous -LRB- we have to destroy it in order to save it -RRB- . I wish Liam would stop taking on mentor roles.The final scene was physically impossible -LRB- swinging under the train as it was moving . just ask yourself how he swung past the pylons that held the rail up -RRB-
 There 's a moment in this film where Bruce Wayne and Alfred go over the design to the batsuit 's mask . The mask itself is sort of a bloated , hydrocephalic affair , making Bruce 's head seem twice as large as it really is . Then there 's the pointy bat-ears at the top . What are they for ? One would assume that if you 're going to go around calling yourself Batman , you 'd want to resemble a bat . Ah ha ! You 'd be wrong , because those pointy ears are actually radio antennas.It seems to be the trend in films today to strive towards a certain hyper-realism with characters and dialogue . After two abysmal Joel Schumacher films with the Batman film series , the better part of the movie-watching world declared the series dead in the water , bloated by its own design excesses . This film seeks to go entirely in the opposite direction as ` Batman Forever ' and ` Batman & Robin. ; ' However , if those two movies go to the extreme of being overblown , horribly designed and poorly executed , this film ` Batman Begins ' goes to the extreme of being overdone , dry and hollow , and poorly executed.The plot should be simple enough to anyone who reads the title . It is the story of how Bruce Wayne becomes Batman.But just a minute there ... why should we be so obsessed with how Batman begins in the first place ? Batman says himself -LRB- quite incorrectly -RRB- `` As a symbol I can be incorruptible , I can be everlasting . '' Pardon the theology , but with everlasting beings , is n't it not so important how they came to be as is the fact that they exist in our world ? I ignored this line completely . Not only is it meaningless , but the idea that Batman is a symbol for justice and hope for victims of crime is a complete misinterpretation of what Batman stands for.But hold on ; who talks like this ? We 've been here with George Lucas and his new Star Wars films . I know of not one person who verbalizes the way these people do in ` Batman Begins . ' Why write dialogue that has no semblance of actual conversation in real life ? You 're going for a high-mimetic style , why not make your dialogue to fit in ? It 's like they 're reading out of some New Age , self-psychiatry manual.The problem is that too much of this dialogue exists in the film ; and even worse , a lot of it belongs to seminal actor Liam Neeson . Why ca n't this poor man land a good role ? His job in this film is not only to be a martial-arts instructor -LRB- Liam Neeson ? -RRB- , but also as a kind of Zen Dr. Phil . Basically , Bruce Wayne gets freebie therapy sessions while Neeson beats the crap out of him . Makes sense to me , especially since Neeson 's character Ducard is a commander of the League of Shadows , a vigilante martial-arts group that 's been acting as population control for planet Earth since before God was born . They plan on annihilating everyone in Gotham City because its just got too darn big . By the way , the slums in this movie give slums a bad image.After about an hour and a half of pop-psychobabble from Neeson and co. , Batman makes his first arrival . It 's quite thrilling to see the Caped Crusader on-screen again , but that energy dies down rather quickly once things begin . First of all , Christian Bale adopts this raspy , phone-sex offender voice with the mask on , which is corny at best . His main villain is the Scarecrow , played by Cillian Murphy , who is about as menacing as moldy cheese . The Batmobile is completely ridiculous to look at ; like a cross between a Lamborghini and a Humvee . Why they chose this look , I have no idea . The batmobile in the original had such a unique style , and it was believable . I would never believe that Batman would drive this thing . What a stupid idea.The last part of this film is all mindless explosion , chases , fire , loud-noises , and close-up fight scenes , which could n't be less pleasing to the eye . Also , I do n't think I 'm that old , but it was simply too loud to be enjoyable . I found myself , for the first time in a movie theater , closing my ears because I could n't take it . I should not need to do that.Batman himself is now something of an allegorical hero . He claims he wants to be a symbol , and that his job as a symbol is to be this incorruptible image of justice in a world of corruption . Sort of like a light in dark places . Good vs. evil , that kind of stuff . How boring is that ? Batman is a character who appeals to the outsider , the loner , the freak who gets shunned by society . He 's about vengeance and personal vendetta , not about the lofty ideals of incorruptibility . Batman , by his nature , is a corrupted human . He dresses up as a bat and fights crime with a sort of mob-justice doctrine . Here in this film , he recruits Sgt. Gordon , and acts in concert with the police to a degree . This is indicative of our litigious mindset in the 21st century , believe it or not.What I find most ironic about this film is the fact that superheroes are part of a mythology , apparently , that fits in with our modern times . Batman is a kind of Zeus , or Apollo , such as Spiderman and Superman are . And yet this film , like the Spiderman films , seem to be concerned with making everything seem so ordinary and plain . When you do that , you suck the life out of things . The original Tim Burton ` Batman ' was a success because it had a style , it had a particular energy in the script , and the performances were not overdone -- merely spot-on acting from actors working with a director who had some kind of vision for what his characters should be . It seems as though Chris Nolan has gotten some sort of bullet-proof vest on him for doing `` Memento '' which was half-interesting in its best moments . This film shows that he should probably not be entrusted with the next film . And that anyone who thought this was good filmmaking should not be allowed to see movies .
 It contains a lot of action . However , it does not appeal to me . The acting is not engaging . I do n't feel related to the plot . I prefer Spiderman 2 .
 BatMan Begins was a good summer movie no doubt . The Story was deep , the quality is good everything was good , especially if your a batman fan . The only complaint I really have to stress out is the fight scene . The `` fight scenes '' -LRB- not to be misunderstood with `` action scenes '' car chase , explosions , ect . -RRB- In comparison with the 1989 Batman the fight scenes were clean , and understandable -LRB- that i mean u can actually understand what batman did to his enemy and vice versa -RRB- . Batman Begins fight scenes were absoulutely horrible ! . All mention above between the 1989 version were complete opposite.Don ' t get me wrong i love batman im a batman fan i loved the story in `` Begins '' and the quality is nothing less than awsome . I simply ca n't stand the shaky camera , bad camera angles , you can not understand what batman is doing to the enemy in close quarter combat -LRB- vice versa -RRB- . I know alot of people are going to critisize me or probably totally disagree with me , or even say that `` fight sequence '' does not play an important role in story.C ` mon It 's BATMAN ! I mean if batman fight scenes are going to be long as it is in `` Begins '' or emphasized that Batman knows some kind of martial art skill in close quarter combat it should be `` clean '' and executed Clearly . Going back to the 1989 movie , the fight scenes were kinda short but explosive and it surely shows what batman can do with the baddies . Batman Begins ... fight scenes too long , horrid shaky camera -LRB- just like `` daredevil '' -RRB- was enough to rate `` Begins '' 2 stars cuz believe me . . once you understand and compare the difference you will end up fast forwarding the fight scenes like a bad repetitive porn movie . Im glad to see that `` The Dark Knight '' the fight scenes were better but still not the best compared to the 1989 batman . In `` the dark knight '' batman is not `` flashy '' -LRB- that i mean no simplistic explosive kicks or ducking and countering attacks -RRB- it was just one two hits and the baddies go down . better than `` begins '' but not as good as 1989 . RIP Bruce LEE You standardized fight scenes in movies that america still needs to understand , Good JOB to the fight director for 1989 You definately did your homework ... Batman doing streetfight lunging powerful backkicks and doing incredible jeet kune do `` intercepting '' attacks to a sword swinging crazy head ? wow !! at least batman1989 will be in batman history books for memorable incredible fight scenes .
 Talk , talk , talk . And this time he and his cast of crew are way too preachy , and Batman himself is no fun , or has no sense of fun much like the predecessors before him . And I thought the complaining of the campy Batman 's was out of place , well this is a prime example of what happens when all the fun is soaked out of the Batman series . It is way too serious , with way too serious folks , all on the verge on the preachiness of life . Rachel Daws is such a meandering righteous character here I 'm sad to say I 'm almost glad she finally got to shut up in the next movie , for good . This is almost what differentiates kids from adults , if you knew like me as a kid , adult conversations were boring compared to the silliness and lightheartedness of kid talk . Nothing was taken seriously . This is an adult grown up Batman with nothing of the camp that made if fun from the 60s television show . Even the villians are boring . No memorable lines , and no over the top campy behavior . This is not based on a comic book as comic books define the term comic as fun , not serious drama as that of a dramatic novel . This movie is a pain to watch from any angle , and I am so glad the 60s series is available on You Tube with complete episodes . The villains are many , and extremely entertaining . I would love to hear the Joker in this series say something as lighthearted as , `` A joke a day helps keep the gloom away . '' It will never happen as the Joker in this series is portrayed as a clever demented overbearing loony . And that 's how the overall perception of this type of entertainment drama defines itself . The only way I will be able to see the third installment is from Netflix disc exchange , as I refuse to let loose my hard earned money on this serious crap !
 First things first . Batman Begins the movie rules . Great cast . Great director . More than makes up for the dreck that Joel Schlockmaker did with the series . I loved it . Why the one star , you ask ? Because the the two-disc special edition I received as a gift , that was ordered through Amazon , has two major flaws . First , the second disc -LRB- the extras disc -RRB- does n't load at all . Not on my DVD player , not on my PS2 , not on my PC . I get the FBI warning , the Warner Brothers logo , then squat . Second , it did n't come with the special 72-page book that I heard so much about . All I got in mine was the obligatory Warner Brothers catalog of Batman Begins merchandise -LRB- $ 125 for a sterling silver Batmobile keychain ??? -RRB- and a Batman Begins branded flyer for Norton Antivirus -LRB- do n't ask ... I did n't even give it a second glance -RRB- . That 's it . Tomorrow I begin the process of trying to get Amazon to replace it . If it goes well , I 'll update this review accordingly .
 Many people think that I am destroying this film simply because I am a `` tim burton fan . '' This is somewhat true , only because I perfer the time burton version -LRB- s -RRB- of batman.There are many mistakes in this movie , and choices to bring the story of batman to the mainstream that dissapoint me . For one , the characters . Ra 's Al Guhl is hugely misrepresented and could of been a greater -LRB- if yet the best -RRB- batman enemy . If you read the comics/saw the cartoon , bruce wayne falls in love with his daughter -LRB- which could have been played by katie holmes ... not the character she DID play -RRB- ... and the fact that Al Guhl needs to jump in `` the pits '' to revive himself of his power , which temperarilly transforms him into a madman . -LRB- where is it ?! -RRB- The scarcrow was merely his henchmen , and the way the story uses his `` fear effect '' is definately flawed -LRB- SPOILER ... -RRB- When Bruce is infected with the fear poison , he passes out for 2 days , and just takes a cure . It would have been better if it STAYED in bruce wayne 's system which would have given the writer/director to give bruce `` nightmares '' of his past . -LRB- instead of stupid random flashbacks -RRB- . Plus , could of shown the dark side of batman.Another thing I would like to point out is the action ... where is it ? There was the fighting scene at the end , bruce vs ninjas -LRB- good -RRB- and the batmobile chase . Definately not exciting.One thing that truly ruins the new age factor of batman
 No real review here , product was defective , so was replacement . Purchased elsewhere with more satistactory results.Still waiting for my refund ...
 I get sick of the same tired faces . I know these `` stars '' have to make a living , but they should learn a trade , like carpentry . I watched the usual explosions and shootings and got bored after 10 minutes . Overkill as usual .
 I purchased this item , as advertised , with Japanese subtitles to watch with friends who do not speak English . When I received the movie and put it in to watch it , it DOES NOT have the Japanese Subtitles . It was very disappointing .
 Overly long , pretentious , and Liam HAM Neeson sounds like he 's giving a zen lecture at an agricultural college . Fight scenes ? Plenty of them , but you do n't really see anything being done . Worst choreographed fight scenes -- if this is a new Oscar category , this movie should win it . Background of Batman looks like a ripoff of the origin of Dr. Strange mixed with Magnus Robot Fighter -LRB- Remember that one ? -RRB- Some interesting stuff with the effeminate looking badguy shrink with his `` bag '' of tricks , but Batman himself looks like he 'd fit in better as `` Fire Island Man . '' This picture could have been a lot more than what it is , but it is n't . Still , if you like seeing gravity defied , the laws of physics ignored , and a pretty boy trying to look mean behind a mask , watch this dvd with your hand on the fast forward button .
 I am a victim of this edition . I get the Batman DVD and figure it odd that there are absolutely no bonus features at all on it . So I check online to see why , and I find out they have a 2 DVD version that has bonus features , but for some reason , some stores are selling a single DVD set.Too late for me , I opened the set.I hope I can save others from getting caught in this terrible trick by the movie company to get people to buy this DVD , then find out there is another set with bonus features in hopes they buy the second set too and double their profits.The greed lately from these movie companies is unbelievable.Yet when they are FILMING the movies , you should see how many millions of dollars they waste and throw away every single day on things they do n't have to , and how many hours they will take to shoot a segment that will only be on screen for 5 seconds , and many times not at all as it ends up being cut out of the movie anyway.But when it comes to the consumer , they want to get every single penny they can from them .
 Most of us remember the Batman -LRB- 1966 -RRB- movie and the tv series -LRB- 1966-68 -RRB- starring Adam West and Burt Ward . The cartoons as well.Then in 1989 , began a series of four Batman films : Batman -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , starring Michael Keaton.Batman Returns -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , starring Michael Keaton.Batman Forever -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , starring Val Kilmer.Batman Returns -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , starring George Clooney.And now Christian Bale will play the much darker version of `` Batman '' . Bale had lost a horrifying amount of weight down to 100 pounds for the role in The Machanist -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and quickly had to beef up and put the muscle back up and out for the Caped Crusader role . This adult `` Batman '' version is not to be thought of with the version Michael Keaton began with in 1989 . BATMAN BEGINS -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a brand new metropolitan -LRB- metrosexual -RRB- Batman as originally written when known as `` The Dark Knight '' , to begin a new era of films . This `` Batman '' is a harder , more violent one.This story might be based on `` The Dark Knight '' comic books or `` The Batman '' film serial -LRB- 1943 -RRB- starring Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft .2005 has not been a good year for remakes as the stories have been poorly written and badly cast.Perhaps the next `` Batman '' film in 2008 will have more potential.Special Features are only available on your personal computer 's ROM-Drive . The Dark Knight -LRB- Widescreen Single-Disc Edition -RRB- was released July 18 , 2008 . Heath Ledger as `` The Joker '' in one of his final films . His last film , The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . Update
 It is an average action movie . People that give it 5 starssubmit to mass hypnosis . Fight scenes are very choppy andugly shot - Chris Nolan could learn a thing or two frommovies like `` Hard-Boiled '' or even `` Kungfu Hustle '' . Dialog is juvenile and boring . Parts of the plot areutterly ridiculous - as a boy Batman was scared of bats sonow he travels to Tibet to confront his fears . Cinematographyis pretty good - that and few SFX saves that movie - otherwiseit is pretty empty shell of action movie .
 Batman Begins is not better than Tim Burtons 1989 epic . One reason is that this movie takes its self to seriously , There is no sence of adveture or fun . Batman begins may have taken what was missing frrom the old movies but he forgot to give us the colors , the fun dialoge and the joy of Batman here we have a scary , dark drama . I perfer the first two
 `` Batman Begins '' is a great example of what happens when good guys -LRB- Chris Nolan , Christian Bale , Liam Neeson , Gary Oldman -RRB- go bad . And I do n't mean dudding themselves up in a batcape and fighting crime
 I really wanted to like this movie , but I was largely ambivalent about the first half , and then the second half just went to the crapper -LRB- only saving part was some dignity in the last 5 minutes -RRB- . Where to begin ? The League of Shadows . What was the deal with that ?? They bring down bloated or decaying empires , yeah , nice gimmic , geez . Why do they even seek and train Bruce Wayne , they do what they want without him anyways . And what is with Liam Nielson knowing EVERYTHING about his environment , even about soft ice patches and falling , flaming posts , does he have ESP ? Then there is Bale , who is as stiff as a board . And his love interest , who has the face of a 12 yr . old , and the two have ZERO chemistry -LRB- there is n't even an intimate scene between them -RRB- . Compare this to Maguire and Dunst in Spiderman , who rule together . And then there is the whole story , what a mess ! Why on earth would the toxin be mixed with the drugs , then seperated , then put in the water , but then have to be vaporized by a super whizz-bang microwaverator . Idiotic.And what about that clown spraying gas in the freaky mask ? First he 's a lawyer , then he 's a psychiatrist ? And for all the background in the first half of the movie , we really learn nothing about Bruce , except that he 's scared of bats . Big whoop . And everytime batman talks , it 's so husky and deep one can hardly understand it , as he growls and shows his teeth like a dog . What 's with that ? This movie is too dark . It stealslines , scenes and ideas from the original batman shamelessly , but to less or zero effect . The second half moves jumbled and confused and there is no fun nor depth nor anything of value . When they set up a sequel in the final minutes , i could have laughed , who cares ! And the freaking action sequences , one ca n't see sh # % ! And all those bats flying in at the climax , whatever . Some suspensionof rationality is required in the comic genre , but this movie goes from serious to ridiculous back and forth that it ends up a blended mess . Oh yeah , and then Morgan Freeman is in the basement cookin ' up the medicine , finding an antidote lickedy-split . Whatever . As Chaz Palmieri says in Bullets over Broadway , this movie `` stinks on hot ice '' . Nick would havekilled someone over this production as well .
 Do n't think . If you do you wo n't enjoy Batman Begins . If you do n't think about what is going on in the movie and just watch , you just might enjoy it.I 'll go into three major things that upset me about this movie : One , all of the dialogue was so bad in this movie . It rivaled the dialogue in the Star wars movies . That 's why I opened this review up by telling you not to think in the movie . The dialogue did n't live up to other superhero movies recently like Spiderman.Two . Where were the villans ? Batman is supposed to have villans . All batman fought were a docter wearing a canvas mask , some mob guys , and his ninja teacher . None of them really seemed like villans to me . They seemed more like normal angry people with some problems that they needed to work out . In the past , Batman has had Joker to deal with . He seems more villan like to me.Three . How many times are we going to see a fight on a moving train in superhero movies . It seems like it 's really getting old . It started with Spiderman 2 on a raised subway car . Now in batman we get to see basically the same scene only on a monorail train instead . Both were running to the end of the track , and the hero needs to defeat the bad guy and get out of the train before it crashes . It was almost the same scene . I hope fantastic 4 does n't include this superhero scene as well.Batman Begins was better than DareDevil and the Hulk , but it still kind of a disappointment for a superhero movie . Like I said , do n't think to much , and you might enjoy the movie .
 Apparently , the only path to wisdom and a life packed with acts of kindness is arse freezing and sword and/or kickboxing tricks.Ridiculous movie designed for brainless pimpled teenagers.Nauseating philosophy wrapping grandiloquent dialogues.At least the Rambo suite was honest entertainment .
 I copied this review cause the guy who wrote it besically took words out of my mouth so read below.This movie is terribly bad -LRB- while not as bad as the detestable `` Batman & Robin '' -RRB- . It is also full of inconsistencies with the 1989 film . For instance , in this movie Commissioner Gordon gets to know Batman , even though in the original film he did n't ; the Commissioner invents the batsignal , which was a `` present '' from Batman at the end of the first movie ; Bruce Wayne 's parents were not murdered by the man who would become The Joker , but by an unknown criminal -LRB- as in the comics -RRB- ; and The Joker appears to exist already at the end of the movie , while the in the 1989 film we get to see him before he becomes the Clown Prince of Crime . Also , the Batmobile is the worst I have ever seen , and the villains are nothing but secondary characters . Ra 's Al Ghul is a global menace in the comics , but here his goal is conveniently focused on Gotham City only , and the Scarecrow , one of Batman 's most dangerous enemies , was wasted here , with only a few appearances , all without a scarecrow suit -LRB- he uses only a lame mask -RRB- . All in all , I did n't like this movie one bit , and do n't recommend it at all . If you want to see a good `` Batman '' movie , I suggest you watch the first original 1989 version .
 * snort * Oh please . People really need to go THINK about something for five minutes before they wax philosophical about something like this movie . * whooosh * Batman swoops in . * Whoosh * Batman swoops out . And all the 14-year olds in the movie theatre -LRB- Even the ones that are certified public accountants -RRB- go `` COOL ! '' . Somehow , no matter how much psychobabble they try to slap on top , and no matter how many Pseudo-Literati Youngin 's trying out the skills they learned in their first English lit class talk about it , they 'll never quite manage to cover the fact that this is a movie about a DUDE that wears a costume with BIG RUBBER MAN MUSCLES -LRB- nipples included -RRB- and BAT EARS on it . WHY would I be interested in what this fellar has to pontificate about while he kicks people and shoots at things and drives around in computer-generated gadgets ? THE DUDE IS WEARING BAT EARS AND RUBBER MUSCLES.Did Chuck Norris star in this movie ? I could n't quite tell . There was so much posturing and mooning around in costumes that Orville Redenbacher could have been Batman and I would n't have noticed . In fact , given the aforementioned RUBBER MAN MUSCLES , Orville Redenbacher COULD have been Batman.This was an unimaginative , uninteresting rehash of a movie . The philosophy was suitable for NFL voiceovers , and the action mostly revolved around explosions and swooping . If this is what people think it is to be a MAN , no wonder we 've got so many fools running around our country . You know who was a MAN ? Gandhi was a man . Poundmaker was a man . Kierkegaard was a man . Zeno was a man . The Apostle John was a man . Being a ` Man ' is n't a function of the size of your muscles or the amount of butt you can kick . If you think it is , you need to turn off the media boxes you 're intravenously connected to and go do something with yourself .2 Stars - one because I have to give everything AT LEAST one star , and one because I laughed at the man muscles.As a matter of fact , I may go into the rubber man muscle business - it may be a bright new industry . Any investors out there ?
 There seem to be two types of reviews/reviewers
 Rehashes the same ` moral ' question about vigilantism as any Batman movie , but without action or laughs . The whole corrupt city being saved by a rich man is so simplistic and trite as to appeal to only the most sycophantic libertarian.Holmes ' character is totally pointless . Bale , who is obviously talented after ` The Machinist ' , is emotionally flat . And the great actors of Caine and Morgan are left on the sidelines - one to explain emotion and one to explain gadgets.I wish I had n't seen it as it erases some of my memories of Keaton and Bassinger and Nicholas in a movie that had thrills and laughs ...
 I was so disappointed when I ordered this from Amazon ! I hate widescreen and having the picture cut so I specifically ordered this so I can get FULL SCREEN ! I opened the movie which said Full Screen on the front , only to find out the DVD inside was really WIDESCREEN ! How could Amazon do that !? I wonder if they 're just reselling movies . Very careless on their part and I would return it except I already threw the receipt away because I had assumed Amazon would get it right . Do n't think I 'll use Amazon again .
 positives :1 christian bale is the best batman to date2 morgan freeman is in itnegatives :1 the movie is from start to finish
 The music is bad , batman is stupid , the film is very very bad .
 Boy , am I ever glad I saw this film without paying for it ... I think I would have felt ripped off if I did . It was almost laughable the extent to which the film went to insult Asians . First , it begins with a young Bruce Wayne in a Chinese prison camp , fighting off about a dozen attackers . He does so easily , because he is a mighty white man , of course . Yet , the Asian guards are even wary of him . He gets out of jail after a debonaire older white man visits him , and tells him to visit a remote Asian monastery . On the way up to the monastery , he passes through a village -- where everyone he encounters happens to speak English in that funny little Asian way . The monastery is ostensibly a ninja school , run by an old mystical Asian man . Yet , none of the `` ninjas '' are Asian ! They 're black , they 're white , they 're everything but Asian ! The debonaire white man who visited him earlier turns out to be his trainer , and they forge a bond . Bruce soon fights the Asian `` master '' of the school , and wins . Later , Bruce finds out that Asian `` master '' was a dupe , and the real ninja master was that debonaire white man . So how improbable is that ? A ninja school run by a white man , out of a remote monastery in Asia . Hollywood cuts out all the Asians altogether . They do n't count , in the matrix of Hollywood , or in this film . They 're just punching bags for the mighty white man . Oh yeah -- and the film was just so boring , overly long , and the fight scenes more than a little pathetic , a bunch of choppy shots .
 This movie was a bore . The first 45 minutes was a lot of philosophy/psychology mumbo-jumbo about the journey and `` fear is not fear if it 's fear '' or some such nonsense . The action scenes were frenetic and hard to follow as in who was fighting whom . Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman were good additions to the cast , but following the plot was like slogging through mud . The special effects shots were good , but by the time the big-deal climactic battle arrived , I had already given up on this waste of time . I ca n't believe that so many national critics gave it good reviews .
 Yes , this is who this ` movie ' is geared for , those that have been diagnosed with ADD/ADHD . It also helps if you 1 . -RRB- are in the 13-25 yr . old demographic , and 2 . -RRB- have no sense of movie history.Folks , if you have n't seen this ` Bat movie ' , and are planning to , then before you do , watch the following movies : Batman ' 89Batman ReturnsBatman Foreverthe Shadow -LRB- with Alec Baldwin -RRB- Spider-Manany James Bond movieNolan , and Goyer totally steal/rip-off concepts from all of the above mentioned movies , and they do not even try to be subtle about it.Batman ' 89
 I was very disapointed when i saw this movie . In my opinion , it was the worst Batman movie . Batman and Robin was the Best !!!!!! Batman and Robin had 2 supheroes , the acting was better and it was well written . I own Batman and Robin on video , dvd and im going to get the special edition one but im not getting batman begins . Batman and Robin was great !!!! I HOPE THEY MAKE BATMAN AND ROBIN 2 . Batman - badBatman Returns - terribleBatman Forever - badBatman and Robin - FantasticBatman Begins - MiserableBATMAN AND ROBIN !!!!!!!!!
 Ok , it 's been awhile since we as an audience have been treated to a darker , edgier Batman ... and as I sat down to watch BATMAN BEGINS , I was excited to finally have that chance . If only the folks involved in the writing process had tried to come up with a stronger , more seasoned script.First , I felt very bad for poor Liam Neeson , who was left to spout a few forgettable Yoda-style lines . What a waste ... when you have honest acting talent like Neeson , USE IT ! And Christian Bale did a good job with what he 'd been given , however , I 've never seen a Bruce Wayne who was as clueless and stupid as the one this movie delivered . -LRB- His on-screen flame , a character played by Katie Holmes , seemed to have more common sense -RRB- . The best performances really came from Gary Oldman -LRB- who , I 'm convinced , could n't turn in a bad performance in any movie -RRB- and Cillian Murphy -LRB- unfortunately , his character was given - what ? - maybe five minutes of actual screen time -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong
 The Dark Knight returns ? Not like this . Christopher Nolan 's grand idea of putting Batman in a realistic setting has done nothing but stamp out the magic we used to feel . Stripping a superhero and his world of their fantasy takes away something crucial
 I also do not know why they bothered with this limited edition gift set . The extra disk does nothing except waste your time .
 I love the movie , but it kept freezing constantly so I could n't really be happy with it . I got more frustrated watching it than just enjoying the movie .
 This DVD of Rod Stewart and The Faces In Concert is a total BOOTLEG . The cover is with Ronnie Lane who was not in the band during the recording of this concert . This DVD is the final concert with Keith Richards . I 'm sick and tired of companies putting out concerts with different covers of the same ones you already have . It 's like bait and switch . And I am a number one Faces fan and this is a load of BS . And for those looking at the Rod Stewart and the Faces
 This is the same DVD as Rod Stewart & the Faces - The Final Concert . It 's the one with Keith Richards in it.THIS IS NOT A NEW DVD.If you enlarge the photo you can see that someone cut and pasted the WRONG people at their instruments . Ronnie Wood is playing the keyboards , Kenny Jones is playing the bass , and the late Ronnie Lane is playing the drums . In fact , Lane is not even on this DVD , Tetsu is .
 This is a terrible DVD . The sound and picture quality are both terrible . The first couple of songs we watched all of showed more or Rod 's butt in those gold shiny pants than it did his face . Prancing around and shaking his butt with the two big red veil type scarfs he wore it looked really weird . My wife was laughing her own rearend off it was so funny . I should return it but I will sacrife the money and warn others do not buy this DVD as it is absolutely terrible . We have purchased Rod Stewart `` One Night Only Live at Royal Albert Hall '' and `` It had to be You '' and both of these DVD 's I would rate 5 stars for sound and picture . We actually enjoy these two DVD 's so much we exercise to them . They are so enjoyable we have 30 minutes of exercise done before we realize it . The actually gives us a bit of incentive to exercise .
 Thinking that I was missing out on a new release of vintage James Brown , I am so glad that I did n't buy the DVD-Body Heat because I already have the VHS , `` James Brown , the Lost Tapes '' . I would have been upset to learn that the DVD is the same as the tape . I am constantly looking for new unseen performance material from Mr. Brown while he was in his hey-days , the 60 ` and 70 's .
 Thinking that I was missing out on a new release of vintage James Brown , I am so glad that I did n't buy the DVD-Body Heat because I already have the VHS , `` James Brown , the Lost Tapes '' . I would have been upset to learn that the DVD is the same as the tape . I am constantly looking for new unseen performance material from Mr. Brown while he was in his hey-days , the 60 ` and 70 's .
 ... the film will then take all that surreal horror your imagination has been running wild with , and transform it into parody . What a joke ! At least I 'll catch some ZZZs tonight .
 Music is what happens between the notes , someone said . I read Communion , I listened to the audio book reading by Roddy McDowell . As skeptical as I am inclined , both versions got me and gave me vibes of high weirdness . While I listened and read , I bought it . So when I got hold of the video , I was hopeful . But FILMING it and making it a visual treatment hit a brick wall . I watched , found myself saying every few minutes , ` oh give me a Break ! ' , or ` You ca n't be serious . . ' I believed Strieber 's account LESS after watching . A reading , either on paper or listening to a story teller , reaches inside the mind . Film is for the eyes , visuals first.If you want to test plausibility , take the mystery out of the shady corners inside the mind and put it out front , under lights and cameras . If you can translate it , you might have credibility left .
 Ok alien abduction flick . I always like Chris Walken no matter what movie he 's in . Maybe if this was made more recently we would have gotten more specifics . You 're not sure if something happened or not , but maybe that 's what abduction is . Why are the aliens always so ugly , are n't there any planets with good looking aliens ? And their not very sanitary , that spaceship looked dirty and so did the probe thing that came out of the wall , do they clean their instruments before they shove them in us ? They do n't look very healthy , or very clean . Oh well , Enjoy !
 it only had a hint or a flavor of the book . I actually read the book which is really good if you like freaking yourself out . The movie was nothing like it . The movie was just one of those weird 80s things
 It truly mystifies me how there could possibly be any good review of this film . I read the book , became engrossed in it for days , and enjoyed it immensely . It kept me thinking for a full year afterwards . If you 've had a similar experience with the book , be prepared for absolute and total disappointment with the film . It will entirely pollute that part of your mind that the book developes so delicately and will leave you feeling deeply frustrated and disappointed . Worse still though , if you see the film before reading the book , you will be driven from the subject entirely , too repulsed to give the book a chance , not to mention the topic in general . The ` visitors ' themselves represent a new low in film effects , and appear to be , at best , discount inflatable puppets motivated by discarded animatronics . In total , I feel an urgent sense that this film does a terrible disservice to Whitley Streiber , shifting the story of his experience from a place of thoughtful contemplation into the realm of the comically yet absolutely disregardable . Trust me , stay away , unless you enjoy pressing the fastforward button on your remote with desperate intensity .
 This was a complete waste . Walken is good , but God what a waste ! I never finished Strieber 's first book which had intrigued me . But in succeeding books , he does nothing to prove anything . He gives a tale of experience that borders on religion . This horrible , suspenseless , and cheap film gives nothing to redeem Strieber nor his story as an unfunny joke.Maybe I should n't be so harsh on it . After all I 'm not a UFO reasercher or whatnot . But I 'm still human . I still have opinions . And my opinion of this is , yuck !
 This movie plays as if it was directed by the camera.It looks cheap is hopelessly incoherent.Stick with `` Close Encounters '' .
 The movie was a highly anticipated portrayal of Whitley Strieber 's experiences written about in his NY Times bestseller `` Communion '' . It starts out with an excellent first half , introducing the viewer to Whitley and his family , the famous cabin , and some of Whitley 's friends . Those who have read the book will be right at home here . The scenes dealing with recreating his experiences , both in real time as well as hypnotically regressed flashback , are quite compelling and will likely frighten many viewers . At the very least , they provide a solid framework for the powerful and puzzling emotions Whitley experiences as a result of the encounters . Where the book excelled and the movie fizzled is in the area of `` What is this all about ... ? , as Whitley left a lot of room for speculation in his writing , and yet the movie provides an obscure or confusing possible look at what the `` Visitors '' really may be . If the viewer has read some of Whitley 's other Communion related works , and especially focuses on his many statements that the enigmatic Visitors may not be at all what we think they are , much of the theatrical symbolism starts to make sense . However , for those who are wondering what this is all about , I 'm afraid to say that the movie really wo n't satisfy .
 I was expecting to get some pointers for developing skills in c/country skiing . There was no verbal instruction ... only an hour long video showing a man skiing . I shared this video with another cross-country skier who also felt this video had no merit for someone wanting to learn skills . I want a video that gives instructional tips .
 I borrowed this video from the local library . The video could be used to teach beginners to classic cross-country ski provided there was an experienced instructor doing narration , otherwise you may put the class to sleep . The footage consists of long and repeated shots of a single skier traditional skiing , to soft almost hypnotic music in the background . The video is somewhat dated in its technique , equipment and filmmaking , and would be hard pressed to compete with modern videos the likes of Warren Miller -LRB- Alpine -RRB- , Christian Begin -LRB- Mtn Biking -RRB- or xczone -LRB- cross-country skiing -RRB- .
 This video , like many before it , have prefered to depict the activity as quiet , restful , and meditative . This video is useful to teach beginners to classic ski provided you have an instructor doing the narration ; otherwise you may just put the class to sleep.Today the consumer has MTV ... Warren Miller -LRB- Alpine -RRB- , Christian Begin -LRB- Mountain Biking -RRB- and xczone -LRB- Cross-country -RRB- films-videos to choose from.I found Cross Country Skiing by Jeff Nowak in the library . Compare with some modern titles ... you be the judge .
 I just started looking for the old Roy Rogers movies on DVD . After buying a few I found that there are some really sorry copies around . After consulting with the IMDB I also found that most have been edited down to 54 minutes . Some from 80 minutes to 54 minutes . This was done in the 50 's so the movies would fit in a TV time slot . I assume that the edited parts are for the most part songs but I never was a fan of cutting up a movie , as it can change the western musical to just a plain old shoot-em-up . This DVD contains 5 movies , all edited , on a cheap DL DVD . I ca n't even watch the last movie ... my player just locks up when I try . Small loss.They seem to be from the Happy Trails junk , as all have someone intro-ing the movie before it starts . The opening Republic logo has been removed and the closing Republic logo also.Apache Rose is listed as 75 minutes -LRB- 75 min original version -RRB- It runs 56 minutes.Bells of San angelo is listed as 71 minutes 78 min original version -RRB- This is the one I ca n't watch , but it starts without the Republic logo , I 'm not sure about the length.The Arizona Kid -LRB- 61 min original version -RRB- , Song of Arizona -LRB- 68 min -LRB- original version -RRB- and Sherrif of Tombstone -LRB- 56 min Original version -RRB- are all 54 to 56 minutes . The edited for TV ones.All have an annoying little MM&V ; logo -LRB- Marathon Music & Video -RRB- in the lower right corner of the video . -LRB- Personally I would n't claim anything to do with this mess , much less initial it for all to see . -RRB-
 Imagine a cowboy film without any stars , just character actors , put together for 90 minutes in a desert hunting an unseen enemy . That 's Bad Lands , this 1936 western from RKO.Robert Barrat is the `` star '' and he appeared in more than 100 films and is best known as Chingachgook in `` Last of the Mohigans '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- . He had memorable roles in `` Captain Blood '' -LRB- 1935 -RRB- , `` Mary of Scotland '' -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , and `` Northwest Passage '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . In 1945 he played General MacArthur in `` They Were Expendable '' . `` Bad Lands '' was the only film in which he starred.Noah Beery Jr. is the co-star . He was the son of Noah Beery and the uncle of Wallace Beery . He 's best known to us today as James Garner 's father from the TV series `` The Rockford Files '' , but Beery appeared in more than 100 films . He gave us memorable performances in `` Viva Villa '' -LRB- 1934 -RRB- with his uncle , `` Sergeant York '' with Gary Cooper , and `` Red River '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- with John Wayne . I think his best performance was as Wiley Post in `` The Story of Will Rogers '' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- . Andy Clyde plays Henry , a posse member . Clyde appeared in hundreds of films , starting in 1921 . He was best known for his slow burn . He made a successful transition to talkies and then to TV where he was a regular on shows like '' Lassie '' `` No Time for Sergeants '' and `` Dr. Kildare . `` Big Boy Williams plays Billy Sweet . Williams played in more than 100 films , specializing in cowboys . He often played the side kick to people like Johnny Mack Brown , Roy Rogers , and John Wayne . His large 6 ' 2 '' 200 + pound physique earned him the nickname . He had memorable roles in `` The Alamo '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- and `` The Commancheros '' -LRB- 1961 -RRB- . He made a successful transition to TV in the 50s and was a regular on `` Circus Boy '' which also featured his co-star in this film , Noah Beery Jr.Francis Ford was John 's older brother . He appeared in more than 300 films , and was in many of John Ford 's film , often without a speaking part . Francis resembled his younger brother and his voice was also very similar . This film is probably the film in which you will hear Francis speaking more than in any other film.Addison Richards was a veteran of more than 300 films . He appeared in the `` Andy Hardy '' series , played a crazed frontiersman in `` Northwest Passage '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , and made a successful transition to TV.Director Lew Landers made nearly 200 films , most of them forgettable . He moved to TV in the 50s and worked on shows like `` Terry and the Pirates '' , `` Kit Carson '' , `` Topper '' , and Mr. and Mrs. North . `` As a film this one is pretty tedious . Western film fans will enjoy seeing their favorite sidekicks get so much camera time and so many lines , but the average viewer will not be impressed .
 I did n't finish watching this feature because I could n't get past the crappy audio . The vocals in this movie sound like the actors are talking into a large empty tin can , combine that with the UK accents I really could n't make out what was going on , but half way through when I checked out all the characters had done was drive , get loaded and fool around . -LRB- There 's two guys and two girls involved -RRB-
 These other reviewers are kidding you.There are significant problems with this dvd .1 . The audio on this dvd is horrible . It sounds like they are talking and singing through a tube . I could have done better in my garage .2 . The tracks are
 I speak Chinese and naturally want to share that with my children . There were not many items out there when I began looking for DVDs , and this was featured -LRB- three or so years ago -RRB- . This was a waste of money . It is not kid-friendly and does n't even teach Chinese . Look for something else . This is as good as no DVD at all .
 Okay , I did not buy this product . Nor will I . There has to be something wrong with the title of this video . If they mean little sister , then I think the correct pinyin form of it should be mei mei . Mimi means breast in Chinese . Are all the reviewers of this English only speakers , or has someone who actually speaks Chinese seen this video ? I 'm just curious if their pinyin is incorrect , then will their pronunciation of words be incorrect as well ?
 Well , this is probably the worst movie I 've seen ; bad acting , writing , and special effects . However , being that I do competitively row , I found it incredibly amusing . I do n't think anyone who has not done crew will appreciate this movie . It 's awful , but if you row , it 's awfully funny .
 Gabrielle Anwar 's uneven -LRB- and thus fake sounding -RRB- English accent fades in and out during this inane movie with a flimsy premise - four rowing buddies decide to share responsibility for the child carried by a woman they all lust for but promised never to pursue -LRB- and some do n't remember sleeping with -RRB- . This cheesy movie appears to be a really bad made-for-cable TV movie that miraculously has everyone getting their happy little ending.More miraculous is that it was made in the first place or that any of the actors are entertaining additional acting offers .
 3 or 4 college buds all court the same row captain and then she becomes pregnant / / / focuses all around the bar and their goofiness ... when word comes out she has a kid , they all rush , not knowing who is the dad and they all step up - but it is pretty playful and not realistic .
 I must say that , even for Troma , this one was pretty bad . A plane crash leaves tourists stranded on a tropical island that happens to be the home base of a group of nasty terrorists . Now , think Troma
 I still do n't understand people liking this pretty dull movie . It made me angry the first , second , and last time I saw it . I kept trying to give it another chance . Even though it has Aids jokes , tons of dead bodies , and even a woman 's thingies blowing up it just was n't good . Mr.Kaufman did n't know if he was making a gory Troma film or a semi-serious action movie . The main characters are lame , they are way too serious , they kill all the fun . The guy who cuts off ears , the punk band , and the British agent rule ! But the `` serious '' characters seem to bash the movie to death and suck all the life out of it in a lame TV sitcom kind of way . This is Troma at its worst , conforming.Fortunately this film went more unnoticed than most Troma flicks , and despite Kaufman saying its a masterpiece I still think its -LSB- not good -RSB- . They soon realized that this was n't the direction to go and went back hardcore . Seeing their newest film Terror Firmer brings me relief they have long forgot about a seriously dull mistake they made a long time ago . This is n't even worth renting , there 's and R rated and unrated version , they both -LSB- stink -RSB- .
 A shoot em up about a group of air crash survivors stranded on a desert island.This ragtag bunch soon find themselves fighting terrorists bent on taking over the United States with the aids virus.Made by the creators of the toxic avenger this frequently tastless flick combines violent action with totally deadpan comedy.Two versions R rated and Directors cut directors cut has way more gore than the R rated .
 This movie is so tasteless , that it scares me that even one person gave it a good review . I mean come on , a pig nosed commando -LRB- yeah right -RRB- and a bunch of accomplices who would have trouble successfully making toast are gon na infiltrate the U.S. infrastructure and wreak havoc with the Aids virus ? Asnd they are thwarted no less than by a bunch of air crash survivors who have to screw each other before they can muster up the guts to stop this evil plot . Oh man this is bad !
 Oh dear , this was such a disappointment . Diana Ackerman spends too much time in pointless shots -LRB- looking a river ; admiring her own photos from childhood -RRB- and has produced a NOVA series that seriously misses the mark . Too little science , too much irrelevant material . While one can certainly connect art and human experience with scientific knowledge about how the brain works , this series did n't do so successfully . If you were hoping to reveal the wonder of the senses for your students , do not buy this series . Unfortunately , I ordered it through an affiliated store with Amazon and they wo n't answer my queries about whether/how I can return it .
 This series was a disappointment . The narrator , Diane Ackerman , apparently an author in her own right , gives a disjointed , rambling discussion of the five senses , with bits of science -LRB- interviews with actual research scientists , which Ackerman is not -RRB- joined to rather arbitrary examples of how the senses are involved in various cultural activities . Ackerman 's examples are often a bit of a stretch , and her monologues are full of distractingly florid language . Kind of a New Age/postmodern pseudo-anthropological view of what science knows so far about the senses . I believe that Ackerman was trying to convey sensuality in her delivery , but I found myself increasingly annoyed by her throaty-yet-girlish voice , heavy make-up , and grating self-involvement . There was too much of her and not enough science . There are far better Nova series out there , and I 'm sure that there are better programs about the five senses . I do n't recommend this series .
 This is the same dvd that I had previously purchased with a different cover . I will keep it because I like the workout and the previous dvd skips in places .
 GOT IT ON TIME BUT ... TAPE WAS SCRATCHY AND HARD TO WATCH . IT LOOKED LIKE THE TRACKING WAS OFF SO I TRIED TO ADJUST THE TRACKING SINCE THIS IS A VHS TAPE . IT DID NOT HELP , I GUESS THE TAPE WAS JUST TOO OLD AND SCRATCHY . THEY SHOULD HAVE REVIEWED IT BEFORE SENDING IT OUT . WELL , A LOSS FOR ME . WHAT CAN I SAY , WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT OF AN OLD VHS TAPE . NOT WORTH THE MONEY , VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 The best thing about this film is Mel Torme singing `` and All That Jazz '' with a group of swinging jazz musicians who have the whole club rocking . Mel 's smooth-as-honey golden voice bounces through this joyous number with great verve and confidence as the camera pans over to a poster advertising The Supremes at Lincoln Center in 1965 . Frank Sinatra , Jr. is cute and innocent sporting a pair of the most luscious juicy lips I 've ever seen on a white boy . Are Sinatra and Sammy really playing those trumpets ? Of course , Satchmo plays , sings , and acts his way into everybody 's heart.It 's good to see Cicely Tyson playing a girlie `` Audrey Hepburn '' role before she was typecast as Hollywood 's `` strong black woman '' . Unfortunately the story is weak , the lines are trite and the dialog sounds forced and over amplified ... because of a cheap sound stage ? `` A Man Called Adam '' looks and feels like an amateur budget film filled with some of the best talent in show business .
 This was very gory . I got it for my husband , as he is an avid snowmobile rider . After watching part of this ... I do n't know if I 'll ever let him go to the mountains with his buddies , without supervision , anymore ... . LOL
 i ordered this dvd for my dad 's birthday . he opened it a few days later to watch and found no dvd in the case !
 I think it was sleazy and it did not have enough action and humer to get a viewer to be reeled in even the television series is better !!!
 DVDs about rock bands that scream `` Unauthorized '' are risky business . There 's a KISS
 I remember in 1985 picking up the cassette version of this and being blown away at how good these guys were in their live recordings . A few years later I caught them twice on their next tour and was stunned that they were actually that good live . Matthias Jabs is truly an underrated guitarist . But I digress.It goes without saying I was excited to come across this DVD but upon viewing it , was very disappointed . It seemed the video footage from their various shows taken around the world , was all chopped up and spliced back together an audio track , not necessarily the same audio that was recorded with the video . So you really get bits and pieces of live video footage taken from their different shows around the world mixed and matched to a single audio recorded live song , with individual songs recorded in various cities , again , from around the world . On some tracks -LRB- 3 or 4 of them -RRB- , you sometimes get the studio-recorded audio version of the song matched up with the live video clips ; which is sacrilege considering how good this band is live . I was hoping they 'd actually show the video portion that actually matched and was recorded with its corresponding audio portion.Otherwise , the seller provided an expedient transaction , given my package crossed the ocean from Sweden to the States and the thing was n't super expensive . 2 stars
 The DVD looks like a pirated 2 $ DVD.The picture and sound are good , but the look of the CD and its case is very poor , as if the DVD is a copy with an embalage.It is not worth its actual price . 3 $ is more than enough
 Okay , I learned some stuff here . Monkeys that are touched by caretakers are better off than monkeys that are n't . Patrons at libraries rate their experience as better when librarians give them a friendly tap than those who have no physical contact . They even show a 3-year-old tribal African lift up his sibling 's loincloth and playfully smack him on his baby booboo.Still , this work was full of dead time . They spend too long showing consumers testing massaging equipment . They kill time showing a couple in a marriage counseling session . When I watched the series ' episode on taste , I left hungry and so appreciative of good food . I like physical contact with sexy men , but I 'm still indifferent to the taps of librarians . This installation in the series is just thin . I think many people would be horrified if they went deaf or blind , but plenty of people do n't get massages and they feel just fine about life.I once said to a person , `` I could probably live without touch . '' She responded back , `` No . Touch tells you when something is hot or sharp . It keeps you from doing things that could maim or kill you . '' That was an `` Ahhh ! I see ! '' moment . This documentary briefly shows a pottery maker being safe around a kiln , but that life-saving aspect of touch is not really brought up . This is too focused on massages and other unimportant stuff.You may want to actively choose when you watch this installation of the series . If you like to wade through the bad to get to the good , then watch this first . If you believe that `` It 's never as good as the first time , '' then watch this last .
 WARNING
 This thriller was always an extremely entertaining Hitchcock knockoff -LRB- nothing at all like Basic Instinct , despite the other reviews here -RRB- -- if you could buy Gere as a therapist , and that 's not hard , since he 's not playing a * smart * therapist -- but a lot of the charm of the movie was how gorgeous it was visually , and this DVD does not give you the gorgeous anarmorphic widescreen picture you expect from a DVD . It 's formatted to fit your -LRB- square -RRB- screen . I would much rather have paid 20 bucks for the expected widescreen version -- since I already had the VHS , this was n't even worth 10 . -LRB- Yes , I admit I should have read the product description more carefully , but I did n't realize people were releasing widescreen movies on DVD without a widescreen option -- why should they , for crying out loud ? -- so I got blindsided . I post this to warn others like myself . -RRB-
 This movie has some promising elements . There is a premeditated murder plot with some intricacy , twists , and atmosphere . Kim Basinger does a good job playing a beautiful mystery woman with a troubled past and an exotic , violent illness -LRB- `` pathological intoxication '' -RRB- . She conveys soft , placid -LRB- if overly simple -RRB- beauty one minute and psychotic rage the next , and creates a character that rivals Catherine Zeta-Jones ' in Traffic for turning on a dime into a memorably driven , tough , and hard-hearted soul.Uma Thurman looks and acts her slight part adequately enough as Basinger 's delicate , spaced-out sister , a patient of psychiatrist Richard Gere . Paul Guilfoyle hams it up as a boorish criminal defense lawyer pal of Gere 's . A police detective is tough , crude , and menacing , on cue -LRB- barking `` Do n't yank '' a part of his anatomy , at Gere -RRB- . But the film collapses under the weight of its many flaws . Gere is completely unconvincing as an `` eminent psychiatrist . '' This has less to do with how he looks than how the movie presents him . At no point does he say or do anything that credibly establishes such a character . His attempts seem limited to occasionally speaking in jargon or hushed tones . He appears gullible and ignorant , as when it takes a lecture by someone else to tip him off by chance to a colorful passage in Freud 's work that is key to the criminal 's scheme ; even one of the plotters had expected Gere to be familiar with it . His supposedly joking answer to Basinger that as a psychiatrist he simply repeats , as a question , whichever last two words are spoken by his patient -- '' ` Your mother ? ' '' -- hits a little too close to home . It is a truer description of how Gere comes across here than he thinks . Nor does the film give any background that might help explain the personal vulnerability that makes him such a dupe . The character is little more than a dim , steady facial expression and a resume.Thurman 's character amounts to no more than a stagey plot gimmick . She never comes alive as a real person with a real relationship to anyone . The prosecutor is played with gruff style and no substance by Harris Yulin . He is given so little to say and do , and the character accomplishes so little , if anything , that I could not even find him listed in the credits.Even worse is the Eric Roberts character , Basinger 's intense husband with mob ties . It is a tired , superficial , trying caricature that drags the movie down to the level of countless low-budget , rip-off `` romantic thrillers . '' The unoriginal character and portrayal recall cinematic gems like `` Play Murder for Me '' and `` Dead On '' -LRB- both with Tracy Scoggins -RRB- , `` Tryst '' -LRB- with Barbara Carrera -RRB- , and probably dozens of other `` abusive husband '' exploitation flicks and TV show episodes -LRB- ala `` Silk Stalkings '' -RRB- . The weaknesses in the characters are only compounded by the weaknesses in the story . The plot flaws become so damaging and distracting that they sap entertainment value right out of the film . Watching the movie becomes like trying to drive a stick-shift down a road full of sink-holes -LRB- the film does feature a `` ditch '' -RRB- . The abrupt , midstream shift in tone and pacing does not help.No explanation is ever offered for how the killer was able , in real time , to `` hide '' the murder weapon from the police - do n't they search a crime scene ? do n't they have search warrants for other hiding places ? And this is a plot point that drives most of the movie.We are supposed to believe that the prosecutor would proceed with a first degree murder trial not only without a murder weapon but without establishing the accused 's motive , not even bothering to investigate until afterward exactly who was in line to receive a $ 4 million payout.We are supposed to believe that Gere can install himself on the psychiatric board responsible for evaluating the fitness for release from an institution of his own , indefinitely confined lover.We are supposed to believe -- and cheer -- that two outside professionals would arrive for an interview without introducing themselves or their reason for being there , and that another character would suddenly switch a lifelong allegiance , all so that Gere can stage an elaborate trick on someone he later acknowledges is mentally ill from childhood abuse , only apparently to arrange an even more haphazard , convoluted , and contrived manipulation later by behaving cavalierly and roughly to a patient.We are supposed to believe that murderers can walk out of mental institutions simply by switching clothes with someone else in a bathroom.We are supposed to believe that Gere would enlist a psychiatric patient to steal for him , without giving any warnings or taking any precautions to protect the young man from the vicious homocidal maniac with whom this puts him at odds -LRB- to compensate for this colossal error , the movie prematurely discloses the man 's fate , creating a witness and another potential crime to prosecute and thus undercutting the suspense of whether the killer of the earlier victim will escape unpunished -RRB- . We are supposed to believe , for the sake of a quick , shock-effect touch at the end , that , after two court trials had thoroughly publicized the events of the case , a character at the heart of the case would appear to be recycling the exact same modus operandi for future use . And so on.The movie suffers badly under the relentless battering of these accumulated character and plot problems . Simply dismissing them , as some reviews do with an air of glib pseudo-sophistication , all-knowing cynicism , empty flippancy , or lazy , unintelligent flicking of the `` not helpful '' button on any review honest enough to point them out is not a serious response . Nor do they simply disappear because the movie inserts some attractive visuals , such as of bridges and lighthouses , or ramps up dramatic music -LRB- somewhat frantically and mechanically , starting about halfway through -RRB- . Any meaningful review has to come to terms not only with the elements of the movie that are promising and likable but with the substantial flaws that prevent it from being satisfying .
 has some scratches , the box looks good , but a bad feed back , It doesnt play in the DVD
 Bad movie . Lame , over-the-top , cliched , dull , one-dimensional characters , formulatic Hollywood ending . I have nothing against Richard Gere nor Kim Basinger . The acting is fine . What makes this movie so bad is the script , direction and story . And oh yeah , the DVD stinks too ; horrid transfer , bare-bones with zero bonus material . A bootlegged video would offer better picture and sound quality than this.But as much as I 've bashed this movie , I recommend getting it , for the sole reason of a very young -LRB- and oh my lawd , ever so sexy and gorgeous -RRB- Uma Thurman . She will make your saliva glands work a double shift . Uma is THE reason for owning this movie . Fast-forward to every scene with her and you 're all set . Forget the rest.My final analysis of Final Analysis
 Final Analysis was a bit of a disappointment , considering the makeup of the cast
 This movie was a travesty of Hitchcockian devices . Old Alfred would roll in his grave . The acting was wooden , the dialogue cliched and predictable and not very convincing -LRB- would n't a Freudian analyst have recognized the flower arranging dream case study right away ? -RRB- Bassinger looks like she 's been on too many meds , with her bloated face and more-than-normally squinted eyes . Nor can she play a psychotic with any zest
 The quality of this DVD is bad ; that 's being kind . It 's a full-screen movie transfer , which some people actually prefer because they like to miss a lot of the movie . Also , the transfer is very grainy.The actually movie is n't that much better . You see what could have been , but instead they try to throw around a few twists just because they think they should . Uma Thurman is wonderful . That 's about all this movie has to offer . Very DUM ending .
 BRASI
 As a counseling psychologist and a psychotherapist with 20 years experience , i found myself outraged by the grossly inethical and highly pathological antics indulged in by dr.Isaac Barr in this obviously Hitchcock inspired thriller.Dr.Barr has mishandled things from the very beginning , and if he had handled it properly , never would have ended up in the mess he falls into.First , a woman comes into his office one night , unannounced , states that she 's the sister of a patient , and pumps him for information.He accedes post-haste . -LRB- If I had come in , claimed that i was the King of Spain , and requested the same data , would he have complied?I certainly hope not . -RRB- You never give out information on a client without having them sign a Release of Information , previously.Secondly , a Freudian psychoanalyst especially will not have anything to do with the family members of a client.The rationale is that everybody is entitles to their own therapist.Third , less than 3 hours after he and Heather meet , they end up in bed.Isn ' t that moving much too quickley?If she looked like Lush Rimbaugh , would it have proceeded in this fashion?Again , I hope not.This lonely needy man is acting out of unconscious impulses , not out of appropriate sexual feelings.the , they have numerous dates , and he interferes with her marriage , getting mixed up with her gangster husband.He arranges things in her favor at her trial , gets her off the hook , and then is outraged when he discovers that he 's been duped.his collegue , upon discovering all of these shennanigans , should have insisted that Barr re-enter therapy pronto , worked up a supervisory relationship , andin the case of non-compliance , informed the local medical society , the local psychoanalytic group , and the medical Board.What Barr is doing is highly inappropriate , almost criminal , and shows a repeated lack of good judgment , and trouble with boundaries.Professionals have lost licenses for this .
 `` Final Analysis '' is one of the worst , silliest films I have ever seen . I have now abandoned Philip Joanou 's filmography . It is slavishly formulaic , and just plain dumb , they could n't even get the effects right . This is one of the few times that you will most certainly find something better on the Lifetime Network instead .
 With this truly awful movie , the challenge is figuring out just why . How can a movie with such a promising , suspenseful start become laugh-out-loud , unintentionally , funny?Every movie must create and inhabit a consistent universe . That universe could have a day-to-day , this is really happening quality . Like your typical Alfred Hitchcock movie . Or , that universe could be more fanciful , with improbable cliffhanger events . Like your typical Arnold Schwartzenager or Harrison Ford movie . When you try to switch from one to the other in midstream , you get that unintentionally funny quality.The movie begins with a realistic psychiatrist/patient relationship between Richard Gere and Ulma Thurman . The focus quickly shifts to a psychiatrist/patient 's sister relationship -LRB- Kim Bassinger -RRB- . That 's a little strain on the credibility meter . Falling in love with a patient 's sister ? Not generally a good idea , but we 'll give the story the benefit of the doubt.Halfway through , we get the Hitchockian twist . Things are not really as they seem . I was caught off guard . Impressive so far . But the credibility meter is getting a little strained . Did n't anyone see Richard and Kim hanging out together on , say , the night of the crime ? Did n't anyone realize the accused woman 's sister was in therapy with Mr. Gere ? Would n't that have been relevant for the trial?Ah , but we 're only a bit over an hour into the movie . More time to kill . Time to drag our poor psychiatrist into a Schartzenager/Ford universe . Frame him with some ridiculous barbel nonsense that he could easily dispense with by ... surprise ... telling the truth ! No , that would be too simple . Let 's throw in an improbable escape from the mental institution , an even more improbable rendevouz with the clever cop and the escapee at a dock and lighthouse , and a few life-and-death close calls at said lighthouse . Let 's turn Richard from a psychiatrist into an action hero , and Kim from an abused wife into a clever schemer and gun-wielding gangster to boot . Give everyone the best of both worlds . While we 're at it , let 's make Alfred Hitchock roll over in his grave by shamelessly copying his tricks?Shifting from one universe to another in midstream . That 's what humor is all about .
 I have not watched the other documentaries in this series , so I do not know how in-depth they are as a comparison , but NOVA 's `` Mystery of the Senses - Smell '' was quite a disappointment.I have anosmia -LRB- no sense of smell -RRB- and have a casual interest in olfaction . I have read a few books on the subject , and was excited when I randomly stumbled across this documentary at the library . However , I do not think it is worth the hour I spent watching it.Small parts of the program are devoted to drug-sniffing and pheromones -LRB- though NOVA dances around the subject , using `` aphrodisiac , '' `` musk , '' and `` pheromones '' interchangeably - which they are not -RRB- , though the majority of the documentary is centered on perfuming . The fragrance industry is undeniably an interesting topic , but it is NOT an appropriate focus for a program purportedly about smell . This is like a documentary ostensibly concerning vision only discussing photography.Admittedly , research into smell has progressed a lot since `` Mystery of the Senses '' was produced , and there was not a lot of olfactory knowledge back in 1995 -LRB- the DVD was released 2007 , not the film -RRB- . A few minutes of this program deal very vaguely with the part of the brain involved in smelling , but if you want some actual in-depth information on the subject -LRB- and on anosmia , which NOVA gives no mention -RRB- , I 'd recommend sniffing out a different source.May I suggest
 GOT IT ON TIME BUT ... TAPE WAS SCRATCHY AND HARD TO WATCH . IT LOOKED LIKE THE TRACKING WAS OFF SO I TRIED TO ADJUST THE TRACKING SINCE THIS IS A VHS TAPE . IT DID NOT HELP , I GUESS THE TAPE WAS JUST TOO OLD AND SCRATCHY . THEY SHOULD HAVE REVIEWED IT BEFORE SENDING IT OUT . WELL , A LOSS FOR ME . WHAT CAN I SAY , WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT OF AN OLD VHS TAPE . NOT WORTH THE MONEY , VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 I was extremely embarrassed after getting a call from my brother in law that the Alabama Band DVD I got him as a gift was actually a Jeep commercial ! When he later returned it to me , I opened it up and the DVD itself was printed &#34; Take Command &#34; &#34; Introducing the All New Jeep Commander &#34; . He really must have thought I bought a bootleg video off the street . Amazon has agreed to give me a refund , but as an Amazon Prime customer , they really should have offered me something in return for this horrible experience .
 I believe it would have been in the best interest for the film maker and his family to go for counselling instead of doing the film . It appeared to me that the lifetime damage done to this family had not been addressed to professionals for healing . Making money and achieving awards as a result of the documentary is n't going to heal these individuals . As a health professional I 'd say this is a sad and disturbing film with no resolution .
 Poor quality , the picture looks very bad . It seems as recorded with a VHS camera in the cinema . Do not recommend
 I ordered this DVD since I loved the Trinity movies . The picture was horrible . It was as if Fellini was on acid . The dubbing was terrible and the story was uniteresting . I would not recommend this movie to anyone .
 The movie was pretty slow and the voice over for Terence Hill was completely different than his voice in other movies . Not the same slap stick western you 'd expect from Hill .
 This quality of this DVD was terrible . I got it as part of the Trinity 3 pack and I am extremely dissapointed . The 2 others are fine . Boot Hill looks as if someone sat inside a cinema and recorded it from the screen with a 8mm camera in 1970 then completely messed up the editing to boot . Do n't buy this or the Trinity 3 pack . If you want the two others thye are also available as a combo . Complete waste of money . I suppose at one time this might have been some kind of movie but this is not .
 WE WERE DISAPPOINTED IN THE MOVIE , IT WAS MORE LIKE A CLASS D FILM AND NOT VERY INTERESTING AS A WESTERN.MAYBE FOR CHILDREN ??
 Entertaining , low buget western . Plot a little hard to follow . Not exactly Terence Hill 's best movie . Watch it .
 The picture quality sub VHS standard . I 'm a fan of Terence Hill films but this was by far the worst I 've seen . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 This movie isnt worth the time to read this review . It sucks and I 'm a big Trinity fan . My advice is keep searching
 Poor quality recording , and though it calls itself &#34; Trinity Rides Again &#34; it is not a Trinity movie and lacks the humor and characterizations I was expecting .
 The picture quality was terrible . I feel there was no in-studio adjustment to improve on the picture quality . Just felt cheated !
 I was very disapointed when I saw this.Knowing Terence Hill was in it I was expecting something a ton better.Big disapointment.Good cast , but bad movie .
 This DVD is a waste of money because of 2 things .1 . DVD qualityThe quality is terribe . The color looks washed out . The film is grainy . Most of the time it 's in zoom mode . So all I can see is the faces and shoulders of the actors even when they 're dancing ! 2 . The plot is boring.What a waste of money . The only good western film made in the 1960 's is `` The Good , The Bad , and The Ugly ''
 Do n't expect a comedy in the vein of TRINITY or THEY CALL ME TRINITY . If you do , you are in for a fall . Both of those were silly but redeemed themselves by being entertaining . This one has no such pretensions . It is merely boring.The story concerns a corrupt mining company out to cheat the local town 's folk out of their claims . They do this through intimidation and violence . When a couple of friends get hold of a claim , they put together a plan to secure that claim and those of the rest of the town from the bad guys . To do this , they enlist the aide of a traveling circus to serve as a distraction . They yell , they fight , they wrestle , they shoot and then they do it some more . Its not very exciting cinema.This production is made worse by the DVD . I suspect that the original film was a rather low budget affair . The DVD , however , is of such low quality that who could really tell ? The edges are clipped off , the transfer is grainy and the effect is of someone holding a hidden handycam in a theater trying to bootleg it . IT was not worth the effort.Spaghetti westerns can be fun . This one , however , needs the Pepto Bismol right from the beginning to drive off the heartburn .
 One of the three `` Cat Stevens '' films that immediately preceded the breakthrough `` Trinity '' films , Terence Hill and Bud Spencer are not yet in the full characters they are famous for . The film is interesting mainly for the glimpses of how the Trinity/Bambino characters were developed . Do not expect comedy , although there are a couple moments of it . Directing OK but film shows its age and circus scenario will be too exotic for many tastes . Some viewers will find the film more dull than moody or stylish -LRB- as the director seemed to intend -RRB- . Film was pretty well received by audiences in the late 1960s , according to the Hollywood Reporter .
 I have yet to actually watch more than the first 10 mins . The quality is so bad I refused to go any further . For the life of me I can see how any Studio worth its salt could release anything so poor ; where has `` Pride In Your Work '' gone . I could hardly make out the actors in this movie.I skipped forward by chapters just to see if some change had taken place , but to my dismay there was none . I am not one of those critics always writing bad reviews , in fact this is probably my second ever . I just had to warn other buyers so they do n't get shafted like I did.In all fairness the movie itself may actually be great but for me what is the use if its un-watchable . Its almost like a bad bootleg movie -LRB- I refuse to watch those too -RRB- . I am sure they could have spent some more time and money to remaster it and get all the graininess out and bring clarity to this film.All in all this is just my opinion and I hope it helps someone save their money , however if you do n't mind the picture quality get it because I love the Trinity Saga .
 Also known as Trinity Rides Again / La Collina degli stivali.The print of this 1969 Italian western film is very poor . Grainy and greenish sometimes . Right away you will notice that Terence Hill and Lionel Stander -LRB- A Star Is Born -LSB- 1937 -RSB- , Hart To Hart tv series -LSB- 1979-84 -RSB- , Hart To Hart tv-movies -LSB- 1993-96 -RSB- -RRB- have their voices dubbed by someone else . Sometimes you hear Stander 's real voice . Stander plays a circus ringmaster . With his assistance he will help Terence and Bud Spencer take down the bad guys in the west . Difficult film to enjoy without Terence Hill 's real voice . Victor Buono also in the film .
 After spending many years watching the witty repartee and sight gags of the Trinity series I had hopes that `` Boot Hill '' would continue in this vein . What I got was a very hard to follow and sadly , very boring , spaghetti Western . Few , if any , redeeming moments . I wish Terrence Hill , upon reading the script to this turkey , would have done some Trinity slaps on the director and/or screenwriter .
 I should have recognized that given the age of this film that the DVD print would be of such low quality
 When will producers of great stories on DVD realize that many people in the world do not enjoy perfect hearing ? This includes some young people , as well as many senior citizens whose bodies have grown old , their hearing ability or their ability to understand what is being said has diminished , but their interest in good , solid , well-acted drama and comedy has NOT diminished ; rather , it has increased since they were youngsters . Therefore , these folks need help in their understanding and/or hearing what is being said , in order to fully enjoy the tale . This translates into a need for sub-titles , or as some call it , `` captions for the hard-of-hearing . '' Lack of same denies pleasure to those who seek it , as well as knowledge and information . As we grow older , I find that we become more interested in history , which only a few selected movies open up to us . One might argue , `` but there are books on the subject ! '' which does n't hold water for obvious reasons . The positive reviews I 've read have whetted my appetite for `` Victoria and Albert '' as well as some other movies of interest , but disappointment comes again.Interestingly , A&E ; 's `` Emma '' -LRB- fiction -RRB- and `` Jane Eyre '' -LRB- fiction -RRB- , which I have and love , both offer sub-titles , but the important historical stories do not . That does n't make sense , in my book . A & E and BBC both create marvelous productions , and I could weep when I discover that I , and millions more like me , are denied enjoyment of them for lack of sub-titles . The powers-that-be in both of those institutions , whoever the folks are who make the decisions , need to perhaps seek the advice of the elderly members of their families and get their viewpoints , in order to understand.I do n't know if anyone who sees this `` review '' has any `` pull '' with the powers-that-be , but if so , please get the word out . And can we have some comments from others who will voice their opinions about the lack of sub-titles ? By the way , I visited a young friend -LRB- abt 45-ish -RRB- one day who has normal hearing , and she put on a DVD . I asked her to activate the sub-titles , which she did , and at the end of the movie , she said , `` Well !! I got parts of the dialogue that I had missed before without the sub-titles !! ''
 The Disc # 2 would not play on our blueray/dvd player and I am very disappointed . Since it was shipped from Canada via Amazon , I do not know how to resolve the problem .
 Victoria and Albert was a lukewarm retelling of the lives of Queen Victoria and her consort . The screenwriter chose to portray Prince Albert as uninterested in Victoria and uninterested in politics and only involving himself out of boredom and to help Victoria which was simply not true . Albert was an ambitious man , and worked very hard to be the power behind the throne , and was groomed to do so from a young age . If he did n't love Victoria at the outset , he certainly would never act like he did n't . Albert had few friends in England and his number 1 supporter was his wife . Albert had a Teutonic disregard for women in general , but there are no records to suggest he was n't in love with her.The actors who played the famous couple were alright , but I felt the chemistry was n't strong between them , which hampered the believability of the love story . The screenwriter chose to white wash some of the more Victorian attitudes , such as the attitude towards children . -LRB- Queen Victoria did not particularly like them , but especially babies -RRB- , and their attitude towards Bertie -LRB- they did n't much care for him either -RRB- . Victoria was not a good mother . She ignored her children as most Victorian moms did , leaving them to the care of governesses . Albert was somewhat better , even good daddy material for the time period , but he had high standards which his eldest son never met.I felt the dismissal of Victoria 's beloved governess made it appear that this was mostly Victoria 's idea , when in fact this was Albert 's plotting . I think the writers should have worked a bit harder to portray Victoria 's courtship and relationship with Albert from the beginning . Victoria 's reluctance to wed Albert had much to do with the first impression he made when he came to court -LRB- he was ill and vomited , and wore a poorly fitted clothing -RRB- ... Showing this early encounter might 've humanized Albert , and shown how the ugly duckling had become a swan . Instead the about face Albert makes , with the Byron poetry seemed just sort of odd.Eh . I felt this could 've been done better . I 'd probably have split it up further and focused on their early marriage , their middle years , and Albert 's death .
 The real life of V and A was interesting and complex enough that there was NO need to pretty it up , or remove so much reality for the sake of the screen play.As many others have noted , the historical inaccuracies are glaring -- to add to those already mentioned -- Victoria was wearing mourning for her dead uncle -LRB- the late King -RRB- at her first meetings with her council and parliament.Neither her relationship nor Albert 's relationship with their children was accurate , he was much more loving , she was much more remote.Alice was nearly 19 -LRB- and looked a bit older than that -RRB- when Albert died -- the actress playing her looked about 14 . Victoria too could have stood a bit more ` padding ' in her costumes by 1861 . Having given birth to 9 children by then , she was far from svelte!Victoria blamed Bertie for his father 's death . She could barely stand to be in the same room with him for many months afterwards . The touching scene with the two of them and Alice is balderdash.Recognizing the limited timeframe , they certainly could have deleted some of the more extraneous scenes and found room for anecdotes that DID enhance the actual story being told -- Vicky 's marriage , and the time Albert spent with her preparing for it -- the actual death of her mother -LSB- we saw the last visit , but never her reaction -RSB- -- The Lady Flora scandal early in her reign.Historical issues aside ... it was ok . Reasonably well acted by most , attractive costumes , good production values . As someone who is very familiar with the era and the personalities being portrayed , I did find much of the heavy , plodding ` exposition-dialogue ' to be pretty tedius . `` As you know Victoria , when your cousin Charlotte , son of George IV died in childbirth and King William and Queen Adelaide also had no surviving children , there was no heir to the throne , so , having been widowed myself after the birth of your half sister Feodora and half-brother Carl , I married your father in order to produce an heir . '' -LSB- Ok ... so that 's an exageration , but some of it comes darn close ... -RSB- Really disappointing ...
 For the past eight years I 've been working on a project on the Romanovs . A sizeable part of my research also included their British relations , particularly Queen Victoria and her daughters.This BBC movie as entertaining as it was was probably more damaging for the uninformed than informative . On a superficial level , Queen Victoria was never considered a beauty or even attractive in her own time , even when she was young . Although she did have a narrow waistline . So picking such an attractive actress to portray her was probably as bad as when Catherine Zeta-Jones -LRB- one of the leading Hollywood beauties -RRB- was picked to portray another monarch , Catherine the great of Russia , who was notorious for her plain looks . Albert , I should admit looked more like the real thing.I ca n't tell you how vivacious and energetic the real Victoria was , since the actress in the movie was quite lively , but she could have never been so indiscreet in public as to kiss her husband and even show affection publicly . She gave great importance to decorum and would have never screamed in the hallways when others could hear her.In the movie she also appeared to be almost a modern mother who let her children enjoy their lives . Nothing could be further than the truth . She certainly loved her children but she was very tyrannical towards them . At the table her children sat very quietly and minded their own business . She made her daughters ' later lives especially miserable . Therefore , they were all much closer to their loving father that to their mother . Also from the very beginning Albert took control of the palace affairs , more or less like our Prince Phillip . It 's rather unfortunate that the only scene that showed her at a theatre was attending a comedy play . She did watch comedies , but she had a rather low opinion of them and would not have burst into laughter like that in public . In many ways she was a boring person . And her last sentence in the movie which says that she would move on with life because Albert would have wanted her to , is also rather inaccurate . All of us know , that after his death she withdrew from public and her duties for years , until people finally convinced her that it was doing so much damage to the family 's image that she finally gave in . Although she never took off her mourning black dress , wearing it even at her children 's weddings . An entire ultra-conservative era was not named after Queen Victoria for no reason , and not just because she lived in that period but that she was the personification of the mentality of the time , somewhat of a U-turn from the 18th century Enlightenment . I think this movie was made to change the popular image of Queen Victoria as a strict , dogmatic and inflexible woman -LRB- which is definitely more accurate -RRB- , though , I admit , she had a kind heart . And perhaps to boost the current queen 's image too , who is also believed to be dry and dogmatic . But in her case I think it 's rather unfair .
 I did learn things I did n't know about 1969 Woodstock . But this DVD uses too much video from the oringial movie . There 's hours and hours of film that was shot sitting in some Hollywood vault somewhere that could be used . If you enjoyed the original movie you do n't really need to buy this one . To much of the same thing over again , althrough the short interviews where a nice touch .
 If you 're interested in only buying this to listen to the interviews and comments of artists who were there , and finally getting to hear from Rosenman and Roberts , then by all means buy the DVD . But if you 're buying it for the musical content you 'll be very dissapointed . They edited a lot of the songs horribly and cut the life out of them .
 Dull supernatural thriller than has Keanu Reeves playing a modern day ghost buster who helps a police detective -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- in a race against time to prevent the end of the world . Now this is an interesting premise but the biggest problem this film faces in the casting of Keanu Reeves , who is miscast to the hill . It also does not help that his performance is as wooden as ever in this film , not to mention the fact that his character is more of a selfish jerk than a person that you can root for and not to mention the fact that he is also the most underwritten character in the entire movie . You do n't really care about him at all and you really do n't want to spend any more time with him as well . His leading lady Rachel Weisz steals the movie from right under him and the rest of the so-so cast with a tight and strait forward performance that is soulful and gripping but the movie unfortunately is not as deep as her performance and it tilters between juvenile and self parody . The screenplay at one point of the film does an about face and contradicts all that was explain earlier in order for certain thing to just happen for the sake of the climax , which is not very good to begin with.If you want to see it , you will not be disappointed with the great performance of Rachel Weisz and of Peter Stomare , who is criminally under used in a great cameo but you will be disappointed with the movie as a whole .
 Lamebrain film that not only rips off a much better film out there -LRB- The prophecy -RRB- but also lacks the thrills that movie had in spades . Keanu Reeves is still his same self here , which means that he gives another boring acting turn . His fellow co-stars do far more in their parts with Rachel Weisz being the stand out , giving a great performance that has resonance and guts . Djimon Hounsou is good as well but he 's barley in the film plus Peter Stormare and Tilda Swinton have great cameos that really should have been bigger roles . Weisz , Hounsou Stormare and Swinton give far more acting weight to this lame brain horror movie than it deserved and for that , they are worthy of the praise -LRB- Especially Rachel Weisz , who does lift this movie above the mediocre garbage it 's really is . -RRB- but regardless of their worthy acting turns , the movie is plague by a script that really does not make any sense and a director who does no know how to direct a movie .
 Very boring horror movie that has Keanu Reeves playing a Sam Spade like occult investigator who helps a police officer in death of her twin sister . The story sounds simple enough but it get convoluted in all the supernatural happening that is going on and the screenplay really does not bother to explain itself in those occurrences . The special effects are good but some of them are repetitive and some visuals are not that well done . The acting is decent for a movie of this kind with Rachel Weisz proving once again to be one of the most versatile and talented actresses of her generation . Her performance is actually way too good for this film because she makes you interested in her character and her story while you are rapidly losing interest in the movie as a whole and her performance demands a better showcase than this film . Her character is strong enough to hold a better film by herself but with the inconsistent writing that is in the screenplay , she is reduced to carrying Keanu on her shoulders while he is trying to figure out on which film he 's in . Which leads to the film 's biggest problem and that is Keanu Reeves himself . He 's miscast in the role of John Constantine and a better actor would have been able to show more of his sides than Keanu was able to do . Keanu just comes a cross as a jerk and that would have been alright if he at least showed some humanity but Keanu ca n't balance that out and he just comes across really bad . A better actor would have done more but with Keanu , you really ca n't expect much and you do n't get anything here . That hurts the creditability that this movie had for the main character and it hurts the way you see the movie as a whole . The direction lacks focus and some scenes do n't hold well with the whole film.Worth a rental for Rachel Weisz 's great performance and some of the special effects but not worth owning
 Stupid and incoherent horror movie that plays more like a video game than an actual film with Keanu Reeves doing his best but failing to bring any substance to his role and the rest of the actors failing as well thanks to the script , which is really badly written . Only Rachel Weisz come out of this mess with her dignity intact because she brings more to the movie and her role than she really needed to . Her performance is actually way better and much deeper than the movie itself and she and her character would have been better off as the lead in a better film than this because they are both the only real and complex thing about the entire movie . It 's like she 's the only real person in a computer-generated cartoon that should have been a real flesh and blood horror thriller instead.My two star review goes to Rachel Weisz 's effort in respecting herself as an actor and in respecting the audience with a great and intelligent performance . Too bad the rest of the film does not even try to make the effort she does in doing that .
 Low Wattage Horror mishmash lacks not only the right stuff to consider itself a good movie but lacks a competent director who knows what he is doing with the material he is working with and a lead actor who knows how to act . The story makes no sense and does contradict itself at the end of the film and the special effects really do n't amount to much at all . Rachel Weisz does give the movie more than it deserved with her great performance but she 's basically the only actor in the movie who knows how to act while the rest of the film is filled with actors who ca n't get past the horrible script that is making this the film as horrible as it is . I had never read the comic book but after a friend begged me to read it after I told him how disappointed I was with the film , I decided to check it out . To my surprise , the comic was not only well written but it was much scarier to boot . I do n't know why the powers that be behind the scenes messed up so badly with this film considering the fact that if it stood faithful to the comic book , it would have been an amazing movie but with Keanu Reeves as the lead actor , you know up front that the people behind the scenes really did not care about what they were making.Avoid .
 Shameful attempt at a hybrid of horror , action and suspends that cast Keanu Reeves as occult detective John Constantine in an adaptation of the vertigo comic book that loses it 's edge and goes for the gusto in flat out stupidly with a boring acting turn by Keanu Reeves who just does not come across well in the role . The story just makes no sense at all and feels like it needed a good rewrite for everything to truly come together and the direction just does help move things along . Other than the great scene in which Rachel Weisz get torn out of a building , most of the special effects are not very good and could have been improved during post production . As for the rest of the actors , only Rachel Weisz manages to give a compelling performance despite the bad script in which she had to work with and Peter Stormare does a great five minute walk on as prince of darkness . Nether of them however can save this runaway train that should have been checked before it left the tracks .
 Stupid Keanu Reeves horror film that is as bad as the word of mouth people has been giving it . Keanu was miscast and he gives a very tired performance with a one-note character . The script itself is so poorly written that you will be astounded by some of the dialog that is spoken by the characters in this film and the plot really does not make a lot of sense once you try to put two and two together . Rachel Weisz does in fact give a riveting and haunting performance but she 's the only actor in the film who dares to give one while the rest of the actors in the film fall flat on their faces with their one dimensional characters . -LRB- Peter Stormare does do well in his small but pivotal role but he 's only in the movie for about three to four minutes -RRB- The visual effects are a let down compared to the films that have come out recently in the cinema and they get repetitive after a while . The direction is a joke with certain scenes that are shot so poorly that you have no idea on what is going on from scene to scene . A better director would have tried to make some sense on what was happening but this director only adds to the confusion that is already in the script . If you like to make fun of bad movies , then this movie is for you because other than Weisz 's gutsy and complex performance , the movie has nothing to offer in the form of real entertainment
 So bad and very funny Keanu Reeves horror movie that lacks not only the thrills but also a real story with an actual plot in it . The dialog is horrendously bad with scenes that actually has nothing to do with the story being told and characters that adds nothing to the overall story at all . Keanu Reeves is painfully miscast as the occult detective John Constantine and the direction by first time director Frances Lawrence is spotty at best . The screenplay is a jumbled mess and it contradicts itself in certain scenes of the film and some of the performances are not up to par . There is some good in the film and that is mostly coming from the performance of Rachel Weisz , and she does more for it than the movie does for her . I actually cared about her character more than I cared about John Constantine and if I were the screenwriter of this movie , I would have cut John out altogether and just focus the movie on her . For one , it would have cut about half of the unnecessary characters that is in the film but also might have made the movie more focus in its plot because her character has more of a reason of being in the movie than Keanu 's , who is just there for the mandatory overblown climax , which in itself incoherent because it raises more questions than the movie wants to answer.See it for Rachel Weisz great performance only because it 's the only good thing about this movie .
 Constantine is a very bad adaptation of the Comic book called Hellblazer and when I say bad , I do mean bad . It really desecrates what the comic book stood for and shows that Hollywood only cares about themselves , not the fans . Keanu Reeves literally gives the worse performance of his career in this film and most of the actors around him follow his path . Only Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou gives good performances in this heap of junk because they at the very least tries their best with the very bad script that they had to work with while Keanu and the rest of the actors ham it up to the hill.See it for their performances alone
 Bland rip off of a great comic book not only puts the worse actor imaginable for the main character but has a script that is almost a crime in itself . The dialog is so bad that it would even make deaf children cry and the special effects are not as good as one might hope . Some of the acting is great and that 's a great feat in itself because of how bad the script is . Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou and Tilda Swinton do great work here and for that , people should be grateful for but it 's still Keanu 's film and he still torpedo it with a lousy performance that is in tune with the lousy script it has.If this is the best they have to offer for the fans of the comic book , then take it back .
 Moronic and down right boring Keanu Reeves vehicle is an insult to your senses . The movie is shot way too dark in certain scenes of the film and the special effects are tepid at the very best . Keanu Reeves gives his all but regardless of his efforts , he 's not right for the role . His performance borders on way too dark to unintentionally funny plus he looks bored with what is going on . You 're supposed to believe in his character but you end up just annoyed with him and that not good if you 're trying to buy the story of the film . The story itself is very shaky and it makes no sense in some parts of the film . Angles and demons ca n't cross over into this world but yet there are half-breeds all around the city and the angle Gabriel is walking around like nothing is happing . Makes no sense but that 's some of the inconstancies this movie has and it has too many of them . The only good thing of merit that the movie has to offer is the performance of Rachel Weisz , who manages to give a complex , strong and moving performance that gives you a brief pause and makes you wonder on how this movie could have been much better off if they just centered it around her character alone , with out all the hoopla and special effects that it has now . That would have worked much better and been much more effective than the overblown special effects movie that it is now and probably would have been much scarier to boot . I would have rather paid to see that then this film right here .
 Incoherent and boring supernatural thriller that has the right pieces but does nothing with them to make a compelling or interesting film . Keanu Reeves has the charisma and the charm but his character is a wasted bore and he just comes a cross like an unlikable jerk than anything useful to the story . He just sticks out like a sour thumb and just does not engaged the audience with his badly written character . Rachel Weisz does far more for the audience and the movie with her way too good and superb performance in this film but you do end up feeling sorry for her after awhile because the script and the dialog does not do her valiant performance any justice . Her performance is so good in fact that she is single handedly holds this film together while its in fact falling apart by all around her . Tilda Swinton plays a pretty good angel but her character is way too lightweight to be taken seriously , especially with the revelation towards the end of the film that just blows apart the little creditably this film had going for it . Shia LaBeouf is a decent kid actor but his character ends up more annoying than useful and Djimon Hounsou does ok with a very limited role.My Thumb goes way up for Rachel Weisz 's game and way too good for this film performance and a special nod goes to Peter Stormare , who 's brief appearance at the end of the film does more for it than the whole bad script itself.Thumbs , way way down to the bad direction and terrible script that made this film a real challenge to watch .
 Stupid Keanu Reeves horror picture that lacks a competent director , a leading man who can act and a screenplay worth it 's weight on the paper it was printed on . Keanu Reeves fumbles so badly in his role , that you do begin to fell sorry for him . Yes , he has his charm and his moments but his character is just a whining little boy and the screenplay does not help him endeared himself to the audience with really stupid dialog and plot holes so big , you can drive a truck through them . The special effects are good but repetitive and the direction needed a lot more dazzle for me to buy what was going on in the movie . The only actor here who does make this movie bearable is Rachel Weisz and she is literally holding you attention by herself while you are tempted to turn off the Dvd player . Her performance does deserve better than the really bad movie she is in and deserves the praise it 's getting because she does try to make you care about what is going on in the film . That 's in itself a huge praise from me considering the fact I really did not care much for the film itself .
 Dull , loud and boring adaptation of the classic horror comic book lacks a real leading man for the movie to fly with its bad script and almost as bad special effects . While Keanu fails miserably in his role , his co-star Rachel Weisz does more with hers than the actual movie does , giving her character a real sense of grace and strong will despite the lousy dialog , Badly written characters and insane plot clich&eacute;s that is surrounding her during the course of the movie . Weisz 's performance alone is worth the price of the rental but other than her , there is really no reason rush to see the bad film .
 Train Wreck adaptation of the vertigo comic book that has Keanu Reeves of all people playing the role of supernatural troubleshooter John Constantine , who with the help of a cop -LRB- played by Rachel Weisz -RRB- tries to stop the forces of evil from taking over the world . The script first off is so badly written that you can see the expressions on the actor 's faces that they themselves ca n't believe on the things that they are made to say . The story makes absolutely no sense what so ever and it manages to go against itself in certain parts of the film and the climax literally destroys the entire film with one of the worse plot twist in recent memory . The direction lacks focus and certain scenes either go no where in terms of furthering the story along or are just so badly put together that you have no idea of what is going on from time to time . The acting is not very good either , with Keanu Reeves not only degrading the role of John Constantine with his stare into space demeanor but he manages to make it into a poor mans version of Dirty Harry with the delivery of his lines . He is either trying to channel Clint Eastwood into his performance or a he 's a mentally retarded man who is the butt of a very cruel joke by the studio who made this film . The only decent piece of acting in this film comes from Rachel Weisz who gives way too much talent and grace with a performance that is way too deep and complex for a film that is this poorly made . Her haunting performance could have been the basis of a much better and complex horror movie and that would have been a film that I would have liked to have seen other than the train wreck that is this film . The other great performance belongs to Peter Stormare , whose three-minute cameo is a classic.Other than Weisz and Stormare , The bad word of mouth for this movie is justified .
 The overall concept and story either must be taken comic book like or serious . `` Constantine '' tries to do both , which undermines a strong wealth of production values and direction . The actors
 Terrible supernatural thriller that has Keanu Reeves of all people playing a occult detective trying to figure out a supernatural conspiracy against the world of men . The movie lacks for starters a script that makes some kind of sense and it 's riddled with such bad dialog that you ca n't even believe your ears at certain parts of the film . The other problem is Keanu Reeves , who is just the wrong guy to play a role like this . He comes across more like he 's constipated than a brooding P.I. who dabbles with the occult . The movie falls on his shoulders and it falls off the map of credibility because of it . Other than Keanu 's attempt at drama , the acting is decent for what it is and that because of the efforts of a few actors who are trying to keep a strait face while speaking the bad dialog from the script . First and foremost is the performance of Rachel Weisz , which give this film more class and substance than the script dares to give it . To say that her performance is much better than the film itself is an understatement because it 's much more than the film even inspires to be . She 's so good in fact that you actually do feel sorry for her for even being in it in the first place . The second great performance belongs to Djmon Hounsou , who does wonders with his role , even though it more of an bit role than a central one . He deserved more respect than this but unfortunately he does not get it in this film . Tilda Swinton also does well with her part but unfortunately for her , her role literally give this movie the biggest plot hole of all . A plot hole big enough for it to kill the last act of the film.Maybe under a better director who know what he was doing and better script that had a story to tell , this could have been a better movie , unfortunately after this debacle , we will never know .
 Really bad thriller that makes Keanu 's last two-matrix movies look like masterpiece compared to this film . Keanu is miscast to the point of hurting the film and his performance as John Constantine should be considered a criminal act . I agree with everyone who have seen this film that Rachel Weisz does do wonders for this horrible film with her amazing performance but she is by herself in the good acting department and does not get a real actor to play with int ' l the end where Peter Stormare shows up as the king of darkness himself but with only four minutes of screen time , he does not make an enough presence to give Weisz the support she needs to save this film.See the film in order to witness a great actress who 's trying desperately to save this film but other than her grant effort to give the audience something to watch , she 's let down -LRB- as well as the viewer -RRB- by a badly written script and a leading man who ca n't act .
 Lamebrain horror film that not only rips off a much better film out there -LRB- The prophecy -RRB- but also lacks the thrills that movie had in spades . Keanu Reeves is still his same self here , which means that he gives another boring acting turn . His fellow co-stars do far more in their parts with Rachel Weisz being the stand out , giving a great performance that has resonance and guts . Djimon Hounsou is good as well but he 's barley in the film and Peter Stormare give a great cameo that really should have been a bigger role . Weisz , Hounsou and Stormare give far more acting weight to this lame brain horror movie than it deserved and for that , they are worthy of the praise -LRB- Especially Weisz , who does lift this movie above the mediocre garbage it 's really is . -RRB- but regardless of their worthy acting turns , the movie is plague by a script that really does not make any sense and a director who does not know how to direct a movie .
 Having had the good luck -LRB- perhaps it was angelic intervention -RRB- to miss this grotesque spectacle of half-baked nonsense and pretentious gobbledegook when it depressed ticket sales in the theatres a few months ago , I made the mistake of buying the DVD.Let me just say that I came upon this bloated piece of cinematic feces without any predisposition . I was totally unaware of the graphic novel upon which this Keanu -LRB- my middle name is `` zzzzz '' -RRB- Reeves ' suicidal vehicle was purportedly based . And even though I had zero knowledge of the director 's background , my instinctive impression was that the incompetent creature responsible for birthing this monstrosity was aspiring to excrete a film that would replace a real story , comprehensible dialog and -LRB- God willing -RRB- actual acting with a tediously relentless mishmash of music video obscurity and a convulsion of inarticulate blather . This godawful train wreck of a concept was authentic in only one thematic sense , I emerged from the mugging feeling like I had spent an eternity in hell .
 Disappointing adaptation of the Hellblazer comic lacks that book 's sense of humor and complexity and goes for the gusto in stupidity with a very bad performance by Keanu Reeves , who manages to make his last two matrix films look like masterpieces compared to his work here . He not only sucks the life out of every scene he 's in but manages to bring the film down to his level of acting in certain scenes . Director Frances Lawrence tries hard but lacks focus in certain scenes and lacks a sense of continually with his work . He steals from the best but lacks the substance to pull it off . The only redeeming things this movie has to offer is the performance of Rachel Weisz , who manages to give a strong , complex and moving performance despite the fact that the movie is not worthy of it . I would have liked to have learn more about her character and her relationship with her sister , which would have been a much better movie than this film was if they just could have based the film around her character instead of John Constantine . Djmon Hounsou , who was so great in the film '' In America '' only has a bit part here and he does well with it but I would have rather had him play a much bigger role than he was allowed to play in this film . Peter Stormare , who was so great in the movies `` Birth '' and `` Chocolat '' , gives quite an unusual take of the devil . Unfortunately , he 's not in the movie very much at all . The special effects are good but the way hell is represented here is more a variation of the sets that was used in the film than something completely original . It 's a decent film if you 're in the mood for this kind of movie but I you will end up thinking that it could have been better once it 's over .
 Horrible Keanu Reeves movie that is with out a doubt the worse film he has ever made . Keanu was not right for the role and his performance shows that in a real and painful light . Most of the actors are just as bad a he is with only Rachel Weisz , Peter Stormare and Djimon Hounsou giving good performances with the little they had to work with and they do upstage Keanu and the horrible script but even with their great talent , they still ca n't save this movie from being as bad as it is.Thumbs up for the efforts made by Weisz , Stormre and Hounsou but a big thumbs down for the movie itself . Maybe the three of them could work together again in a better movie .
 Horrible Keanu Reeves film that could be possibly his worse movie to date . Keanu should have never gotten this role and it only shows that the people who work in Hollywood are really stupid because the role calls for someone who can give a complicate performance , something Reeves can not pull off . He comes across as a phony and his performance is possibly his worse . The script does not help him at all with bad dialog that could crack the sound barrier and a story that makes no sense what so ever . Reeve 's co star Rachel Weisz does more with her role than he does with his and steals the movie with a tight and strait forward performance that could have been a better lead for this movie than Keanu 's character . I believed in her character 's plight more than the believed in what was going on in the entire film and would have liked to know more about her as well.Other than Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare , who gives the last few minutes of the film a good scare , the movie is pretty bad .
 Can Keanu spell `` typecast '' ? After those lousy Matrix sequels could n't he have smelt the sulphur a mile away and dodged this sad excuse for a film?It 's a tired formula - angels and demons are completely monstrous and amoral whereas us poor humans , the only creatures with any capacity for virtue , are stuck in the middle as their pawns . Not very original , not to mention cliche-ridden . Of course his friend -LRB- who is stereotypically geeky and likes to study arcane literature -RRB- had to die , just as he was trying to give Keanu some vital information ! Of course there has to be a slow-motion scene where Keanu kills demon hybrids , a scene stolen straight from Blade . Of course he has to wear a long black coat.And suicides automatically go to hell ?! Oh please . Time for filmmakers to stop adopting the dogma of a particular chuch and be more original . And what 's with that horrendous depiction of the Angel Gabriel , androgynous , snooty and all but screaming fashion victim !
 Moronic and down right boring Keanu Reeves vehicle is an insult to your senses . The movie is shot way too dark in certain scenes of the film and the special effects are tepid at the very best . Keanu Reeves gives his all but regardless of his efforts , he 's not right for the role . His performance borders on way too dark to unintentionally funny plus he looks bored with what is going on . You 're supposed to believe in his character but you end up just annoyed with him and that not good if you 're trying to buy the story of the film . The story itself is very shaky and it makes no sense in some parts of the film . Angles and demons ca n't cross over into this world but yet there are half-breeds all around the city and the angle Gabriel is walking around like nothing is happing . Makes no sense but that 's some of the inconstancies this movie has and it has too many of them . The only good thing of merit that the movie has to offer is the performance of Rachel Weisz , who manages to give a complex , strong and moving performance that gives you a brief pause and makes you wonder on how this movie could have been much better off if they just centered it around her character alone , with out all the hoopla and special effects that it has now . That would have worked much better and been much more effective than the overblown special effects movie that it is now and probably would have been much scarier to boot . I would have rather paid to see that then this film right here .
 Bad adaptation to the great comic book called Hellblazer has probably the worse actor imaginable playing the title role . Keanu Reeves is with out a shadow of a doubt miscast in the title role and makes a fool out of himself and almost everyone in the movie . The script is an incoherent mess and the direction from first time director Frances Lawrence is lackluster to say the least . Of all the actors involved , Only Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou are able to give their best to their underwritten characters . Weisz gives a strong and determine performance and Hounsou does more with a throwaway role than Keanu does as the lead . The rest of the actors involved are almost as bad as Reeves himself with Shia LaBeouf being as annoying as ever and Peter Stormare over doing it as the prince of darkness.Say what you may about the Blade films but at least the first two Blade movies had a script that at least entertain you for a good solid two hours while this film will have you looking at your watch after the first 45 minutes . IF you like to see bad movies then be my guess , if not avoid .
 Why ca n't I give this movie less than one star ?! This movie does not deserve one star . It deserves as little praise as it can get . This is probably the dumbest movie that I have seen in a long time ... and I have been watching Mystery Science Theater 3000 lately as well , which is really saying something about the quality of this movie.The `` story '' follows John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- , a man who is sort of a paranormal investigator/exorcist . In a way , he is like Blade , except there are n't any vampires . We later learn that he does this because he is trying to buy his way into heaven after he committed suicide and was physically dead for about 2 minutes -LRB- Earth time -RRB- . He soon meets Angela Dodson -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- , a cop whose sister Isabel -LRB- also Weisz -RRB- has just committed suicide herself , which did n't fit with her character at all . She seeks Constantine 's help , and they begin to realize that the forces of the Devil are gearing up to try to infest our world.Also , there is this thing called the Spear of Destiny -LRB- although it 's more of a dagger -RRB- which so important that the movie starts out with a textual description of it , and then goes to a shot of some guy in Mexico finding it -LRB- although they never explain how this dagger , which has been missing since Nazi Germany fell , got all the way to Mexico wrapped in a Nazi flag -RRB- . Then , we never really see it again until the end of the movie , with one brief little appearance in the middle.The cast is awful . -LSB- ... -RSB- I did n't mind Keanu Reeves ` erformance in The Matrix -LRB- the first one -RRB- , but then again , the movie was n't dependent on a good performance ; it could survive without a strong lead . This movie needed a competant leading actor to carry it because the story sure was n't going to . Rachel Weisz , who I usually see as a talented actress seemed to be going through the motions in this movie , which I guess is understandable . But I would have to say that one of the worst things about the cast is that Shia LaBeouf plays the EXACT SAME CHARACTER HE PLAYED IN I , ROBOT ! He had the same role -LRB- stupid , underappreciated sidekick who wants to be the hero -RRB- , same mannerisms , and same path -LRB- except for the characters ' final fates -RRB- . The rest of the cast was pretty much like Weisz , just kind of going through the motions.Effects
 Terrible , Terrible , Terrible !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I absolutely hated this movie . It was bad beyond belief . First of all the plot stunk . It 's true it was so bad it was insane . People , THIS JUST IN , the heaven vs. hell concept has been done a million times . Okay maybe that would not have been such a bad thing if the writters had bothered to come up with something original to go along with the plot , but no , they had to go with the clich ' e exorcism crap . Also the vision of hell in this film was so uninspired . It was just your typical inferno with demons running around making nasty faces at the camera . Also , the CGI really sucked . The demons looked awful and not to mention incredibly unoriginal . And another reason why the vision of hell stunk was the fact that it looked way to much like Lord of The Rings . It looked exactly like what Frodo saw when he put on the ring , even the voices calling in the backround were copied . I have to say though the main reasons why this movie failed was because of it 's acting and the fact that the plot made hardly any sense . The whole first half of the film was just Constantine and that girl -LRB- whose name I forget -RRB- talking about hell and demons and the suicide of her sister , which got unbelievably boring . Then , BAM , half way through the film we randomly find out that satan is trying to rule the world with the birth of his son and the spear of destiney and blah blah blah blah blah . People , come on this would make Rip Van Wrinkle -LRB- spelling error ? -RRB- fall asleep . Also what was with the guy who had the spear of destiney , you barely saw him the whole movie . Then he just pops in spontaniously at the end , like `` look at me here I am !!!!!! '' Also if Satan wanted the spear of destiny so badly why could n't he just send one of his own followers to find it rather than hoping some random guy finds it . You 'd think Santan , with all of his dark evil powers would be able to get the spear without much of a problem . The character was totally unnecessary just like practically every one else in the movie . That kid that who was with John was completely useless and contributed nothing to the film . The same goes for that priest guy and the dude who drank himself to death . They were both pointless . The acting in Constantine also leaves much to be desired . Keanu Reeves completely sucked as John . He was unbelievably monotone and not to mention completely boring . Rachel Weisz was pretty much the same way , monotoned . In fact the charcaters talked so quietly and unemotionally that you have to blast the volume on your TV just to hear what the characters were saying . And since the movie was extremely difficult to follow as it was that did n't make it any better . Also , like I said before the CGI stunk . The people who made this had a pretty lame idea of what was scary . Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh the halfdemons had red glowing eyes , fear them as they stare at you with their red glowy shinyness . The wings on the angels really stunk as well . There was also the lame atempt to make the main chracter look cool by making him smoke . They also expect us to believe that Constantine at the age of 35 -LRB- or so -RRB- has Lung Cancer from smoking 30 cigarretts a day . They said in the movie that he had been smoking since 15 , it takes way longer than 20 years to develop lung cancer . Also what was with the R rating , this movie was so PG-13 there was no nudity , there was hardly any blood and the language was hardly what I call abundent . The film aslo could have been cut short by about 20 minutes , it was way too long.Well all in all the film stunk . And apparently I was n't the only one seeing as how the film only got a 21/2 star rating .
 Bland , overproduce and underwritten horror movie that is as scary as a Bart Simpson costume . Keanu Reeves is miscast as the lead character , giving an under whelming performance that makes some of the other lackluster acting from the other actors in the movie look professional . Shia LaBeouf once again annoys in a supporting role that almost torpedoes the film and Tilda Swinton overacts in ways that makes her performance almost as bad as Keanu 's and she 's able to do that with only two scenes in the movie . Her monologue is so bad in the last act that it had most of the people laughing in my movie theater . The only two actors in the entire movie who manages to give good performances in this film and stand out in this hug pile of crap is Rachel Weisz , who gives too much grace and talent to this film and to her role and Peter Stormare , whose eight minute cameo does more for the movie as a whole than Keanu does with his entire role . For Weisz and Stormare , I give this movie one star . For Keanu and the rest , a negative 0 .
 When an arcane object is dug out of what is presumably the last burial site for Hitler , the separation between realms becomes thinner , and demons are getting too comfortable walking the Earth.A series of events and what may be a suicide or a really bad case of pastrami bring together Keanu as Ghost buster with Attitude , and cop Rachel Weisz , Psychic/o with Attitude . Yes , there 's lots of attitude in this movie - even Gabriel has it.In an indifferent appearance Tilda Swanton -LRB- more about her later -RRB- reprises her role from the inglorious Leonardo Di Caprio vehicle `` The Beach '' - indeed , `` Constantine '' has too many similarities.If you were a fan of `` Mothman Prophecies '' then you will probably enjoy this film to the same extent.I found it tedious & ludicrous , with boundless unexplained detours & over dramatized special effects.One good thing - the actresses are appealing - even whilst plummeting to their deaths . For Keanu fans , there is plenty of ` scenery ' to salivate over . Tilda Swinton ? Ever since `` Orlando '' she has n't shed her mutable gender habit - perhaps due to her versatile features & form.Most enjoyable minutes were the first 10 , when Keanu - oops , ` Constantine ' , lures a denizen of the lower planes out of the body it is currently possessing by appealing to it 's vanity with a mirror . The wretched thing is almost cute as it preens.Lots of blood , guts , gore and special effects . Fluffy scripting & plots , and ridiculously ingenious female officer.kotori 2005
 This is bad . Really . Perhaps it is one of those movies which can only be fully understood or enjoyed if familiar with the comic that originated it . It does not even have the redeeming quality of being a decent action film . Guilty of the worst capital sin of the kingdom of entertainment
 I can take the fact that it 's not faithful to the comic , no comic book movie really is -LRB- With the exception of Sin City -RRB- but when the movie is done this badly , you have to stand up and call it like it is . Not only does this disgrace the popular comic book with a screenplay so poorly written that it makes junior high school term papers seem more intelligent but it has possible the worse actor playing the title role . Keanu Reeves is not only miscast , he 's down right dangerous to the movie because you do n't believe for one minute that he is the character . Someone wrote that he looked like he was doing a Batman impersonation and I have to agree with that because the John Constantine of the comic book was never as grim as his performance . Not only that but the comic book character was fought his enemies with his wits than the gun Keanu brands in the movie plus he knew what he was doing , something Keanu 's character seems like he never does . The story rips off several storylines from past issues of the comic book and does them no justice at all with how bad the screenplay is written . Most of the performances are hit and miss with the exception of the performance of Rachel Weisz , who I agree with the majority who have written their views here and everywhere is excellent and deserves a much better movie than this . She gives way too much talent and class to this movie and does almost make you want to look pass its huge problems because of her effort but she 's the only good thing that this movie has going for it while the rest of it almost bores you sleep with scenes that are paced too slowly and dialog that is flat out so stupid that you really ca n't believe on what you are hearing from some of the character 's mouths from time to time . The creature effects look horrible and the world of hell loses its luster after the first time you see it . Some of the special effects are shot in the dark and you really ca n't see certain scenes from time to time . I think the director was trying to give a kind of noir feel to the film but back out on what noir really means because he rather copy on what was done before than to come up with something truly original.If you like to watch bad movies , then have yourself a good time , because the movie is that bad but if you looking for a good film that respects the comic book , this is not it .
 Uhmmm ... where can I start ? This movie was horrible . The whole concept for this movie was horrid . Firstly , the down right ludicrous scenes where Constantine visits hell . All he has to do is take a foot soak and he can visit the netherworld . Please . Oh and let 's not forget the horribly delivered line Reeves gave `` I was just attacked by demons . '' Oh were you really ? I could n't believe it !! With that monotone voice and no emotion to boot Keanu sounds like he 's reading his lines off the back of a shopping bag . Rachel Weisz was no winner either . Other than having some inflection in her voice her performance was mediocre at best . And who was that kid wearing that God awful tam ? Why was he in the movie and what was his purpose ? I was glad when he met his demise . It seemed to me that everyone that `` acted '' in this movie only did so because they wanted to pay off some past due Comcast bills . It did n't seem like anyone was too enthusiastic about `` acting '' in this senseless dribble posing as a film . To sum it up this movie was a dragged in dogs mess . I am so glad I saw this mess on my friends bootleg and did n't waste 10 bucks on going to the theater . But I did waste two hours out of my life watching this attrocious excuse for cinema . The only way that I would watch this movie again was if I was in a full body cast with my eyelids taped back . I have four more words for this mess . Avoid at all cost .
 Really bad thriller that makes Keanu 's last two-matrix movies look like masterpieces compared to this film . Keanu is miscast to the point of hurting the film and his performance as John Constantine should be considered a criminal act . I agree with everyone who have seen this film that Rachel Weisz does do wonders for this horrible film with her amazing performance but she is by herself in the good acting department and does not get a real actor to play with until the end where Peter Stormare shows up as the king of darkness himself but with only four minutes of screen time , he does not make an enough presence to give Weisz the support she needs to save this film.See the film in order to witness a great actress who 's trying desperately to save this film but other than her grant effort to give the audience something to watch , she 's let down -LRB- as well as the viewer -RRB- by a badly written script and a leading man who ca n't act .
 Other actor
 This is the fault of the person in charge , not Keanu Reeves . The movie from day one was plague with problems concerning the people behind the scenes , who wanted to make kids film and the director , who really did not know what he was doing . Keanu tried is best with a script that was being change almost every day and I think he did well . I will admit that this is not his best performance and I would also agree with the majority of the reviews written that Rachel Weisz gave the best performance in the entire movie -LRB- she is that good -RRB- . If you want to put fault somewhere , put it on the producers and the director , they were the ones who messed up the movie for their own gain . Keanu did his best with what he had and he really did not have much help from the people in charge .
 Horribly written and poorly directed horror movie that takes the source material of the comic book that it 's based on -LRB- The excellent Hellblazer -RRB- and literally destroys it with a script that is so badly written that some of the dialog will make you grunt when you hear it and plot points that has nothing to do with the story at all . The story itself make absolutely no sense because it says one thing and contradicts itself latter with another , so you really have no idea on what is going on from time to time . Some characters serve no purpose what so ever like Constantine 's kid sidekick who is as annoying as they come and the angel Gabriel , who is involved in one of the stupidest plot revelations to come out in recent cinema . A revelation that turns this movie 's second half into a bad joke . The direction by first time director Frances Lawrence is pretty bad because instead of trying to help the story along , he just resorts to copying what was done before in order to get an effect and relying too heavily on the special effects to tell its story . You can see the influence the movie `` Seven '' had on him because of the way the lighting is done in some scenes but what he forgets is the fact that `` Seven '' had a compelling story that scared and held you in your seat until it 's shocking climax while this movie will have you thinking on why so much had gone wrong with it in the first place . Acting wise , I will have to join the majority in praising Rachel Weisz for her performance because with out it , the movie would have been a bigger disaster than it is . Rachel Weisz give too much to this film with her performance and gets too little from it . Her performance literally keeps this movie from going under its own stupidly and she does make you think about her character as a real human being who is going though a crises of faith and a corrosion of the soul . She 's so good in fact that she makes you almost forgive this movie but unfortunately for her and the people paying to see it , she is the only actor who is able to rise above the bad script and lousy direction to give a compelling performance . Keanu Reeves , who plays the title character of John Constantine is a decent actor when he is motivated but he looks like he 's on some kind of drug in this film and does not come a cross well in his role . You do n't really believe his character at all by the way Keanu plays him and the movie loses credibility because of it . You ca n't blame him for his lack of interest because of how bad the script is but he could have done better or they could have gotten a better actor to play the character instead.I suggest you see this film for Rachel Weisz 's better what this film deserved performance only because the only good thing this film really has .
 Extremely awful Keanu Reeves stinker that not only lives up to the word of mouth but surpasses it in spades . Keanu proves once and for all on how bad an actor he is with a groundbreaking bad performance and a script that helps him out a lot in proving that . Only his co-stars come out of this film with their heads held up high with great performances by Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou , and Peter Stormare but not even their great performances can salvage this disaster . This is fresh material for the show '' Mystery Science Theater 3000 '' and I hope they can get a print of this movie and tear it apart for the garbage it really is .
 Stupid Keanu Reeves horror film that is as bad as the word of mouth . Keanu was miscast and he gives a very tired performance with a one-note character . The script itself is so poorly written that you will be astounded by some of the dialog that is spoken by the characters in this film and the plot really does not make a lot of sense once you try to put two and two together . Rachel Weisz does in fact give a riveting and haunting performance but she 's the only actor in the film who dares to give one while the rest of the actors in the film fall flat on their faces with their one dimensional characters . -LRB- Peter Stormare does do well in his small but pivotal role but he 's only in the movie for about three to four minutes -RRB- The visual effects are a let down compared to the films that have come out recently in the cinema and they get repetitive after a while . The direction is a joke with certain scenes that are shot so poorly that you have no idea on what is going on from scene to scene . A better director would have tried to make some sense on what was happening but this director only adds to the confusion that is already in the script . If you like to make fun of bad movies , then this movie is for you because other than Weisz 's gutsy and complex performance , the movie has nothing to offer in the form of real entertainment .
 Mindless Keanu Reeves film not only lacks a story for most of the stuff that happens in this film to make any sense but has some of the worse dialog known to man . Keanu is Keanu , do n't expect much more than that and the special effects are decent but not superb . The script is a huge disservice to most of the cast and the climax of the film has no rhythm to it . The only actors in the film that manages to transcend the lackluster material given is Rachel Weisz , who gives a deep and rich performance that the film is not mature enough for and Peter Stormare , who does far more for this film than Keanu Reeves and the special effects combined.Other than them , you can skip the movie .
 Tired and mediocre Keanu Reeves horror movie is not only his worse performance in a film but it 's probably one of the most unoriginal horror movies ever made . It not only rips off a much better horror movie of yesterday -LRB- The Prophecy -RRB- but it also does it pretty badly with a script that is very poorly written and pretty bad special effects that are not up to the standards that we are all accustom to -LRB- The best of these scenes are in the trailer -RRB- . I agree with the majority of the views express here that Rachel Weisz does transcend this horrible film with her fine and powerful performance but she 's really alone in this film in terms of the finer points that this film really had . She is so good in this film that you actually want to like this movie because of her great and game performance but with a dumb and poorly written script and a bad performance by Keanu Reeves , you actually feel sorry for her for being in this film instead .1 star and that is for Rachel Weisz 's better than this movie really deserved performance .
 To make this as quick and as painless as possible , the movie was a huge letdown . Keanu Reeves look like he was just going though the motions here and delivers a rather stale performance that is the worse one in the entire film and that 's a great feet considering that Shia LaBeouf , gives a painfully unfunny performance as his pet sidekick . Rachel Weisz is great but she 's stuck with Keanu way too much and she would have been much lead than he was because she at least made you care about what was happening with the film while Keanu was just playing his Neo character again . Djmon Hounsou is fine but wasted in a bit part and Peter Stormare is criminally underused in a cameo.The special effects are great but there is really no story to be told and the script is pretty bad in some parts.Avoid .
 Moronic and self indulgent Keanu Reeves vanity project lacks the heart and the wits of the comic book which it steals most of it 's ideas form and ruins them with a horrible acting performance by Keanu Reeves , which looks more like he 's reading from cue cards than remembering a script . The rest of the actors do better in their roles than he does with Rachel Weisz stealing the show with a deep and strong performance , Gavin Rossdale , doing a very convincing job as an agent of the underworld and Djmon Hounsou giving a bit role more class than he should have . Tilda Swinton does well with a small role that is very underwritten and Shia LaBeouf is well , Shia LaBeouf . Do n't expect any more than that.Skip it , you will thank yourself after you see it when its on cable .
 So what 's wrong with ` Constantine ' ? Contrary to my low expectations , it turned out not unentertaining film . You get solid production designs , you get moody photography by Philippe Rousselot -LRB- ` River Runs Through it ' -RRB- , and you get an interesting story -LRB- at least , it looked so at the beginning -RRB- . The opening ten minutes are very good even though it looks as if the ideas are borrowed from that Linda Blair film . I do n't know whether or nor Keanu Reeves can really act , but you still get Rachel Weisz and Tilda Swinton . So why people , I mean some people , hate it ? -LSB- WEAK SCRIPT -RSB- That 's it , if you do n't like Hollywood movies , 90 per cent of the reasons is this . The film , based on graphic novels I do n't know , is about John Constantine played by Keanu Reeves , a dismal-looking , chain-smoking , way-too-cynical guy who distrusts people in general . And he does n't care if his harsh words hurt the cop Angela -LRB- Weisz -RRB- whose twin sister has just been found dead.However , we have to believe that it is John Constantine who saves the world from the satanic powers -LRB- like ` The Matrix ' -RRB- , and that Angela holds the key to doing this job -LRB- like you know what -RRB- . To make this ambitious premises work , the screenwriters should have created much more convincing characters than the present ones . Instead the film largely relies on the cliched ideas -- costly CGIs , gadgets provided by a 'M ' - like scientist , and very basic -LRB- and misleading -RRB- concepts about heaven and hell , or the Catholic Church . -LSB- Why ? IT 'S TILDA SWINTON HERE ! -RSB- It is not the actors who can not act that really look awful among the lackluster movie ; it is the actors who can act that suffer from the generic dialogues . So , it is Tilda Swinton who should have known better than playing Gabriel in ... er ... very unique costumes . The filmmaker must have decided on casting her after seeing her ` Orlando . ' But ` Orlando ' did n't require her to sport a pair of CGI-created wings on her shoulders , which add unexpected campiness to the film . Rachel Weisz is slightly better -- her role Angela is a much more complex role -- but for all her strong acting as Angela tormented by her sister 's death , it is painfully clear that she has not found a right role in Hollywood yet . And Keanu Reeves ? All I can say is that he should n't have used his middle finger to show the character 's anger . If sticking up his finger is the best he can do to be in character , and it 's done to Peter Stormare clad in white suit , what can I say?But like I said , he tries to save the day , and we are supposed to see things from his viewpoint . He has a special power to see things , things in hell in particular ; he can fight a bunch of nasty half-devils , and he can introduce us to many visually stunning scenes helped by modern special effects . But one problem is , it sounds like ` The Matrix ' trilogy .
 Lackluster adaptation of the vertigo comic book that is only a fraction of the original source material and puts in a actor who ca n't live up to the character he is trying to play . Keanu Reeves fumbles badly with his role and the rest of the cast follows suite with the lousy script that make them all look like fools . Only Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare come out of this cinematic debacle with their heads high because they do more than the script does in this film . They give more to their respective characters than they should have and make the film a little better than it really is and that 's no small feat considering the fact that Keanu and the rest of the cast do look like fools thou out the entire film thanks to the badly written script and lackluster special effects.For Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare , the film gets a four rating . The rest of the film does not even merit one .
 Dumb Keanu Reeves horror epic that is not only the actors worse film by far but a bad film in it 's own right . Keanu is just wrong for the role and the script is joke in many ways . Most of the performances are not very good . -LRB- Shia LaBeouf was horrible and made Keanu look like an Oscar winner by comparison -RRB- The only performance of merit is that of Rachel Weisz and she literally keeps you glued to your seat with her powerful and emotional performance . Unfortunately , while she gives her all , the rest of the movie is in self destruction mold all around her with bad special effects , very bad dialog and a story that makes no sense what so ever.I stand with the majority , Rachel Weisz is the only good thing about this film , so wait for Dvd to see this film and in the mean time rent Runaway Jury or the Shape of things . Two very good movies that compliment Weisz 's performance unlike this one does .
 The movie stars off pretty good with a few good scenes of tension and drama that has some pretty nifty special effects thrown in but the special effects are few and far between and they do n't get any better once the movie really starts up . Then the film does an about face after the second act and nose dives its way to a juvenile and over the top climax that contradicts the entire first half of the movie altogether . The main character himself is more and less the character of Van Helsing with a suit on and an attitude problem . This could be just the way the character was written but I think it could just be Keanu Reeves himself with his dried and dreary way of acting , which can be found in all of his film . Ether way , the main character is not really interesting at all and is upstage by his co-stars Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou , who bring more to their characters than the script does . Unfortunately for the both of them and us the audience , they are working with a script that is so riddled with inconstancies and badly written dialog that you just end up feeling sorry for them for even being this film in the first place.Other than the first rate peformances of Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou , the movie is a major disappointment .
 Pretty bad horror movie that is more funny than scary with a horrible performance by Keanu Reeves , who is becoming one of the worse icons in movie history . Great actors like Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou and Peter Stormare all try to over come the bad material that they have to work with -LRB- and also try to make Keanu look good as well , which is a hard thing to do in itself -RRB- but with a very bad script , you can only do but so much .1 star .
 I saw this film a few months ago and I have to say that I was disappointed with it . The special effects are terrific but the story needed a lot more work and Keanu Reeves was just the wrong man for the role.The character of Angela played by the always great Rachel Weisz is actually a much better character than Keanu 's and would have been a better lead as well if you had people who really cared about what they were doing in this film and Djmon Hounsou is also very good as Papa Midnight and I found his character also more integral to the story than Keanu 's . At least you knew where he was coming from and he had a more lively personality than the bored stiff composure of Keanu 's John Constantine and Peter Stormare gives a lively yet somewhat campy turn as Satan himself . The ending is ok but the revelation concerning a character is not well done because of the fact that we only see that character for about one scene during the course of the whole film and then suddenly you 're suppose to believe that the character was a major player , which in fact the film really does not explain at all towards the end.Thumbs up to Rachel Weisz , Djmon Hounsou , and Peter Stormare for giving their best efforts to this movie but thumbs down to the lazy acting of Keanu Reeves and to the movie itself for not trying to be better than what was on the script .
 Horribly written and poorly directed horror movie that takes the source material of the comic book that it 's based on -LRB- The excellent Hellblazer -RRB- and literally destroys it with a script that is so badly written that some of the dialog will make you grunt when you hear it and plot points that has nothing to do with the story at all . The story itself make absolutely no sense because it says one thing and contradicts itself latter with another , so you really have no idea on what is going on from time to time . Some characters serve no purpose what so ever like Constantine 's kid sidekick who is as annoying as they come and the angel Gabriel , who is involved in one of the stupidest plot revelations to come out in recent cinema . A revelation that turns this movie 's second half into a bad joke . The direction by first time director Frances Lawrence is pretty bad because instead of trying to help the story along , he just resorts to copying what was done before in order to get an effect and relying too heavily on the special effects to tell its story . You can see the influence the movie `` Seven '' had on him because of the way the lighting is done in some scenes but what he forgets is the fact that `` Seven '' had a compelling story that scared and held you in your seat intill it 's shocking climax while this movie will have you thinking on why so much had gone wrong with it in the first place . Acting wise , I will have to join the majority in praising Rachel Weisz for her performance because with out it , the movie would have been a bigger disaster than it is . Rachel Weisz give too much to this film with her performance and gets too little from it . Her performance literally keeps this movie from going under its own stupidly and she does make you think about her character as a real human being who is going though a crises of faith and a corrosion of the soul . She 's so good in fact that she makes you almost forgive this movie but unfortunately for her and the people paying to see it , she is the only actor who is able to rise above the bad script and lousy direction to give a compelling performance . Keanu Reeves , who plays the title character of John Constantine is a decent actor when he is motivated but he looks like he 's on some kind of drug in this film and does not come a cross well in his role . You do n't really believe his character at all by the way Keanu plays him and the movie loses credibility because of it . You ca n't blame him for his lack of interest because of how bad the script is but he could have done better or they could have gotten a better actor to play the character instead.I suggest you see this film for Rachel Weisz 's better what this film deserved performance only because the only good thing this film really has .
 Mind numbingly bad Keanu Reeves film that makes you want to tear your hair out with Keanu giving his career worse performance and most of the actors giving theirs as well . The story is a clear rip off of horror movies from the past and it makes even the viewer feel stupid after it 's all over . Only Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou , and Peter Stormare are able to transcend their badly written characters and that 's because they are too good of actors to be even in this mess.Hopefully Weisz , Housou and Stormare will learn to read their scripts better after this debacle .
 The movie was awful . Not only did the plot not make any sense , the audience really does not sympathize with either of the two main characters . It also was violent for violent 's sake . It was all shot in a very unlovable and gritty lighting . The CGIs were unrealistic and distracting.I did n't like the main female character 's husky voice . She delivered a poor acting performance . As for the angel , why ? why ? why ? Why the ridiculously cut hair ? The characters seemed to be thrown in , all with their slightly different accents or speaking styles . It 's a big mess , all glued together at the end , without having thought everything through.Oh , and the cab driver boy was annoying.Ugh ! what a junk of a movie . How can rate this less than one star ?
 Hmm . . I actually really like Keanu , but this was not a good role for him . If he had played it a bit more like Depp in ` Pirates ... ' it may have been ggoofy fun . The only amusement comes from Swinton and Stormare as Gabriel and Satan respectively . Plus , Gavin -LRB- Bush 's frontman -RRB- is creepy enough . Weisz 's performance is nothing special -LRB- her accent always stinks ! -RRB- . As people have said the story makes no sense . It is tentative in its storytelling ... is this an action film or a religious film ? Problem is it fails to be either or both . The only grace outside of Stormare and Swinton is that the visuals are cool.If you have n't seen this , just walk away , rewatch the Matrix or something like the Ninth Gate for creepy religous movies .
 Down right funny and misguided horror film that manages to not only lack common sense for some of the stuff that it has in the script but manages to insult the audience with some of the worse dialog ever written for a mainstream movie . Keanu Reeves is painfully miscast , as the hero in this film and his performance is almost as bad as the dialog in this film . You do n't take his character seriously at all and you just have to make fun of him during the course of the film because of how bad his performance really is . You do n't know if he is putting you on with his performance or he is really taking his role seriously which is in fact a even bigger crime that just a bad performance . He is easily upstage by the great performance of Rachel Weisz , who seem like she was working on a better film other than the movie you were watching and you hoped that the film would automatically change to see that film because her performance is literally too good for this film , which is the biggest crime of all because you would end up wishing that you could just spent some time with her character instead of watching the garbage that is right in front of you . Peter Stormare is fine but he 's not in the film at all really and his character is the second best character in the whole film right next to Weisz 's . His interpretation of the devil is quite original but he is reduce to a few minutes of screen time while we have to suffer with Keanu playing hero and a cast of characters that should have been drastically cut down because a few of them do n't serve a purpose at all in this film.If you are looking for brainless entertainment , I suggest you rent something other than this because brainless entertainment is at least entertaining . This movie is only held together by a great performance of Rachel Weisz and a great character performance by Peter Stormare , who should have been more of a lead than Keanu was .
 Disappointing adaptation of the Hellblazer comic lacks that book 's sense of humor and complexity and goes for the gusto in stupidity with a very bad performance by Keanu Reeves , who manages to make his last two matrix films look like masterpieces compared to his work here . He not only sucks the life out of every scene he 's in but manages to bring the film down to his level of acting in certain scenes . Director Frances Lawrence tries hard but lacks focus in certain scenes and lacks a sense of continually with his work . He steals from the best but lacks the substance to pull it off . The only redeeming things this movie has to offer is the performance of Rachel Weisz , who manages to give a strong , complex and moving performance despite the fact that the movie is not worthy of it . I would have liked to have learn more about her character and her relationship with her sister , which would have been a much better movie than this film was if they just could have based the film around her character instead of John Constantine . Djmon Hounsou , who was so great in the film '' In America '' only has a bit part here and he does well with it but I would have rather had him play a much bigger role than he was allowed to play in this film . Peter Stormare , who was so great in the movies `` Birth '' and `` Chocolat '' , gives quite an unusual take of the devil . Unfortunately , he 's not in the movie very much at all . The special effects are good but the way hell is represented here is more a variation of the sets that was used in the film than something completely original . It 's a decent film if you 're in the mood for this kind of movie but I you will end up thinking that it could have been better once it 's over .
 The movie stars Keanu Reeves as a detective that deals with the supernatural who helps a female police officer fight against the forces of evil in order to save her twin sister 's soul from the forces of evil . The story is ok but it lacks a bit of originality and some of the acting is not really that good . Keanu Reeves is miscast in his role and a better actor could have done more with it . Rachel Weisz does gives a very dark and wonderful performance that is really more complex than the film itself but the movie is more interested in special effects than to really focus on the other much better actors in the film and that 's the movie 's biggest mistake right there because the special effects are not that very good to begin with . Djimon Hounsou and Peter Stormare are good as well but they are reduce to a few scenes , which is a shame because both of them have more interesting characters than the main character himself.Worth a look for the great performances of Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou and Peter Stormare but do n't hold your breath for anything spectacular other than their efforts .
 Mind numbingly bad Keanu Reeves film that makes you want to tear your hair out with Keanu giving his career worse performance and most of the actors giving theirs as well . The story is a clear rip off of horror movies from the past and it makes even the viewer feel stupid after it 's all over . Only Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou , and Peter Stormare are able to transcend their badly written characters and that 's because they are too good of actors to be even in this mess . They are giving way too much talent and class to a film that has none of their qualities.Hopefully Weisz , Housou and Stormare will learn to read their scripts better after this debacle
 Bland rip off of a great comic book not only puts the worse actor imaginable for the main character but has a script that is almost a crime in itself . The dialog is so bad that it would even make deaf children cry and the special effects are not as good as one might hope . Some of the acting is great and that 's a great feat in itself because of how bad the script is . Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou and Peter Stormare do great work here and for that , people should be grateful for but it 's still Keanu 's film and he still torpedo it with a lousy performance that is in tune with the lousy script it has.If this is the best they have to offer for the fans of the comic book , then take it back .
 While I liked the overall packaged for this film -LRB- The behind the scenes information , the small comic book -RRB- The movie was really bad . Keanu Reeves did not cut it in the main role and the script was so badly written that you actually thought of better dialog in your head while you are watching it . I agree with a lot of what has been said about Rachel Weisz and her great performance but not even her grand and game effort could have saved it from its own bad script and its really bad leading man.My one star review goes to Rachel Weisz and the slick DVD extras but the movie gets an F from me .
 Disgraceful take on the classic horror comic book is a travesty of the highest order . I would love to meet the idiot who actually thought that Keanu Reeves was a great choice for the role of John Constantine , one of the most complex figures in modern pop literature . His bad performance is the perfect middle finger to the fans and creators of the comic book series who wanted a quality production of their favorite comic book character . The rest of the film is tailor made to give Keanu free reign to totally screw up with a script so badly written that you can see how embarrass some of the actors are in saying some of the dialog and a director who does not have a clue on how to stage a scene . The special effects are of low standard and the cinematography does not give off the right feel . The movie does have a few shining moments with Rachel Weisz giving this film more class and dignity than it deserved with a powerhouse performance that deserved a better film that this and Djimon Hounsou , who 's game performance is a fitting tribute to the comic book character he is playing . I do n't know why the movie trait so for a way from the comic because if they at least stay true to the comic 's core , it would have been a great film but with the egos involved in Hollywood who think they know more than the fans or the creators of this comic do , we have this piece of garbage
 Pretty bad and pretty pointless Keanu Reeves vanity project that takes a well respected horror comic book and literally rips apart the complexity of it and makes it a joke with no story and no redeeming value to it . Of all the actors in the film , only Rachel Weisz manages to strike the right note and make you care about what is going on but other than her , you really do n't give a damn about any of the characters and really do n't give a damn about Keanu 's attempt at drama.Avoid .
 Lackluster adaptation of the vertigo comic book that is only a fraction of the original source material and puts in a actor who ca n't live up to the character he is trying to play . Keanu Reeves fumbles badly with his role and the rest of the cast follows suite with the lousy script that make them all look like fools . Only Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare come out of this cinematic debacle with their heads high because they do more than the script does in this film . They give more to their respective characters than they should have and make the film a little better than it really is and that 's no small feat considering the fact that Keanu and the rest of the cast do look like fools thou out the entire film thanks to the badly written script and lackluster special effects.For Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare , the film gets a four rating . The rest of the film does not even merit one .
 Crap filled horror/MTV style vanity project lacks a script that makes sense and a leading man who is believable in the role . Keanu Reeves stinks up the screen in one of the worse performances of his career and one of his worse movies ever as a private detective who is trying to stop the coming of the apocalypse . To say to Keanu is miscast is a real understatement because he 's worse thing about the entire film . His dried delivery of his lines are legend and will be remembered as one of the biggest fowl up since Batman and Robin of a comic book adaptation . The script is horrendous and the direction lacks professionalism not to mention focus . The only actor in the entire film that does give a real and believably performance is Rachel Weisz , who does more for this film than she should have because her performance is way better than the movie . She 's so good in fact that she almost single handedly redeems Keanu 's acting , and I mean almost . That 's real talent.The one star is definitely for Rachel Weisz for at least trying to give the audience someone to care about while the movie itself is uncaring , forgettable and stupid .
 While the film includes some interesting visuals , it is bogged down by rather heavy-handed Catholic theology . If you do n't subscribe to such beliefs , like me , you find yourself unable to care about the plot or see it as worth your effort to understand . All in all , I was rather bored by the end and found myself looking at the clock . It felt like I was watching the Catholic equivalent of the cheesy Protestant _ Left Behind _ series .
 Constantine is yet another movie based on a comic book that even most comic book nerd had n't heard of . So they take the story of John Constantine on the pursuit of riding the world of demons because of something long ago that bars him from the gates of heaven . It 's extra important to get in now because a large chunk of the residents of hell were put their by him.In the role of the title character is Keanu Reeves who will forever conjure up the thoughts of Theodore Logan no matter how serious the role . Needless to say , the slacker surfer persona does n't mesh well with the demon hunter . On his quest in the movie , Constantine crosses path with the chick from The Mummy movies as a detective trying to prove that her twin did n't commit suicide . And because ever good comic book character need a sidekick and Constantine has a cab driving apprentice played by the dude from one of the Disney Channel shows that I wo n't admit to watching.One of the few entertaining elements of the movie is the unintentional comedy most notable being every moment where Reeves tries to act , and be sure to watch out for Constantine 's rubber ducky . Equally questionable casting choice was the dude from Bush showing up as the bad guy . It was extremely hard to be scared of him because whenever he comes on the screen I fell off the couch laughing.The only redeemable aspect of the movie was the scenes of hell . They really captured what I assume hell to be , a very hot version of Earth with weird demon ready to rip the flesh . The only part missing from my version of hell would be the members of the Backstreet Boys raping me for eternity while singing their songs . In fact all the special effects were all well done . Now if they can figure out to make a CGI Keanu Reeves and the movie might have been a lot better.The biggest crime of the movie is that they cut out what could have made the movie . If you role through threw the delete scenes you find out about Constantine 's tryst with a very hot -LRB- bad pun intended -RRB- half-demon who was cut out of various scenes in the movie . If I were to ever make rules of making a good move , number one would be `` Never leave out the token hot chick . '' Because of that , this movie deserves to fail .
 Super Stupid horror movie that has really only one good performance in the entire film and that belogs to Rachel Weisz , who really does do much for this crap heap while Keanu makes a fool out of himself and the rest of the actors make Keanu look like an proffestional actor.The one star goes to Rachel Weisz only .
 First of all , let me say that there have been some truly excellent and insightful reviews posted on this film here.Second of all , this is yet another example -LRB- like the execrable Revelations mini -RRB- of Hollywood 's inability to shake the dime-store Catholic folklore of the Exorcist and the Omen . Hollywood does n't undertand religion , nevermind the Occult . And the Hellblazer comics are about the occult , black magic and neo-Paganism . Perhaps Hollywood did n't think America was ready for that , but more likely the hacks who write this kind of crap ca n't wrap their shrivelled brains around it . Hellblazer 's universe - excuse me , Constantine 's universe - is spitefully amoral and unconcerned with sin and redemption and all the other hand-me-down theology that we are forced to sit through in equally terrible movies like the Order and Lost Souls . The Hellblazer comics are about people and non-people misusing their powers to bad ends , and the stories usually have messy , inconclusive finishes . One of my favorites was when Constantine , who was haunted by an murdered ex-girlfriend , punished her killer by loading him up on LSD and locking him in a box with a rotting corpse . This nonsense about running around with a shotgun shaped like a crucifix and loaded with shells filled with holy water would have made the real Constantine die of laughter . It surely will make Hellblazer fans daydream about filling shotguns of their own and booking a flight to La-La land ... Thirdly , the cast is mostly excellent but has nothing to do . Reeves is a good physical actor - it just all falls apart when he opens his mouth . He wisely underplays his dialog and the writers wisely do n't give him much . I just wish they gave him a dye job . Actually I wish they gave Clive Owen a dye job and had him play the lead , but alas , Hollywood cares little about my wishes . Tilda Swinton is wasted - a stock British baddie so beloved of talentless Tinseltown hacks . Her storyline makes not even a lick of sense and when it is `` resolved '' , you will scratch your head and say `` what the hell ? '' . Rachel Weisz is her usual charming self , but does n't seem to know what to do with the convoluted storyline . Gavin Rossdale is very handsome and dashing and his character is a complete waste of space and does nothing to advance the story . Peter Stormare supplies some much needed comic relief in his role as Truman Capote playing Satan , but his dialog is terrible and the whole cosmology of the story is such a slap in the face to Hellblazer readers by the time he shows up you wo n't care . The rest of the performances are serviceable.Giving credit where it 's due , the direction and cinematography are excellent , but the script , the script ... This is a throwback to the bad old days of comic book adaptions when it was painfully clear that the film-makers had contempt for the source material and just made up their own stupid story . Perhaps the success of more faithful adaptations will change their minds .
 Truly a roller coaster ride that keeps on going to ... NOWHERE land ! Only extra star for the effects ! PASS !
 Terrible adaptation of the great comic book `` Hellblazer '' is nothing short of a spit in the eye of the fans of the comic book with a terrible and down right crude performance by Keanu Reeves , who makes a joke out of one of the most beloved cult comic book characters made in the last twenty years . His performance is bad to the point of wanting to throw something at the screen just out of sheer rage . The screenplay is a joke and the dialog rages from bad to much worse as the movie progresses and the special effects are so badly done that the monsters would have been better off if they were puppets instead . Some of the actors in the film are better than the film itself with great performances by Rachel Weisz , who is the only ray of light this movie really has and Djimon Hounsou , who is the only actor who does his comic book character any justice . Despite Rachel Weisz , the movie is bad and not even her talent could have saved it .
 I agree that the performance of Rachel Weisz was the best thing about this film , Unfortunately , that about the only good thing that I can say about this film because the rest of it is horrible . Keanu Reeves just does not come across as a credible main character and the story is not well thought out . The last twenty minutes of the movie take a downward fall into movie hell with one of the worse plot surprises in movie history and it reduces the movie into a standard Keanu Reeves action feast that has no brains what so ever . The special effects were done pretty badly and the direction is marginal at best and some of the scenes were too dark to notice what the hell was going on from time to time.I do n't agree with the majority on allot of things but I have to say that they are right
 Keanu Reeaves is boring in this supernatural detective mystery . Good sfx and rachel weisz is always easy to look at but there is no plot worth mentioning ...
 Degrading and down right morbid horror movie that is more in tune with The Rocky Horror Picture Show than the comic book that it 's based on . Keanu Reeves was just terrible as the lead character and he should be banned from ever acting again . Sadly , his performance was not the worse in the movie . That honor goes to the transvestite who plays the angel Gabriel , who looks like a reject from a John Walters movie . Her performance is beyond bad and along with the embarrassing performance of the guy who plays a gay devil make this one of the worse films to ever come out of a mainstream studio . The only and I do mean only good performance that comes out of this waste of film stock is from Rachel Weisz and her performance is so good in fact that in makes the movie uneven because you feel like you 're watching a better movie with her on the screen instead of the garbage that is right in front of you . You actually begin to feel sorry for her after a while and hope that she and her character was able to escape the movie all together.May become a cult classic but it deserves the Mystery Science Theater 3000 treatment more .
 The trailer for CONSTANTINE made it looking vaguely intriguing
 I saw this billed as a `` super hero '' style movie . I read the description , and was hesitant to watch it , but it had a fairly high rating , and I could sort of imagine a guy with `` super powers '' to kick some demon tail . What I got instead was a rather depressing , horror flick . To me the story line stunk . This could have been fun . It had good special effects , yet it managed to depress me and bore me . Really disappointed !
 The American consumer public are no fools . We know how to spend our dollars wisely , where to invest and what to avoid . So when this Francis Lawrence-helmed apocalyptic `` thriller '' topped weekend box office charts during its initial release , there 's no way that money could 've been directed towards the wrong feature , right?Yes and no . Let 's start with the yes and get it over with . First off , very impressive visual effects . From the exorcism in the beginning of the movie , to our little hero 's ventures into hell , to the wings of Gabriel . -LRB- Btw , it is very interesting to note how Gabriel is depicted as genderly ambiguous -RRB- Rachel Weisz has a very smooth way to her acting , as if she can do it so easily and flawlessly , you actually believe her character as an L.A. policewoman haunted by the mysterious death of her twin sister . Shia Laboeuf has a bit of a minor role , but he makes the most of it , shining with that unintended humor of his character , Constantine 's `` slave '' chaffeur , Chas Kramer.Now , the no part . Hollywood seems to love declaring Keanu Reeves as our savior , the hero who did n't want to be a hero , called upon to save the world in one way or another . Whether it be in the machine-run era of `` The Matrix '' , or a police officer trying to stop a madman from doing terrorist deeds in `` Speed . '' And now , again , Reeves is called upon to save us from a clash between heaven and hell ! John Constantine , a reluctant hero who has selfish ends , feeling sorry for himself , blah blah ... Reeves may or may not put his all into this role , but as we all know by now , his best is never good enough . Constantine 's persona is too flat , not captivating enough , further brought down by that annoying monotone drawl of Reeves ' voice , and constantly needs support from the other characters in the film . Even the 20-second flashbacks of his childhood we see are n't enough to garner attention or pity for this soul branded for hell.The worst of it is that we expect this hero to maintain and carry along what little plot there is , stretched out over 2 hours . Honestly , folks , there is not much going on here . The filmmakers probably made about 5 storyboards and decided to make each one 20 minutes long . Inbetween the grueling beginning and the much-anticipated end , there 's a whole lot of nothing eye-candy that manages to transfix into a bit of something , but not enough . Somehow we get from the death of a psychiatric patient to the end of the world ... ? And even when the movie 's over , there 's STILL unanswered questions . I do n't mean , `` Oh , will Angela and John get together ? '' nonsense but `` Uh what happened to the dead sister ?? '' No doubt saving for an equally painful sequel.So do n't waste your money on this over-budgeted Keanu-promoting campaign ... oh , oh I mean , thriller ! `` The Seventh Seal , '' `` 12 Monkeys , '' good flicks . Not this . No .
 Constantine is an adaptation of the classic DC Comic book called Hellblazer and a half hearted one at that because only names of the characters are the same , not the story or the origin of what the book was really about . Keanu Reeves literally gives his middle finger to the fans of the comic with a bad performance that lacks the charm and the smarts of his comic counterpart . He 's so bad in the role that he makes the movie into a boring chore to sit though . The special effects are not very good and most of the other performances by the actors runs the gamut from being decent to flat out horrible . The only actor who comes away with a great and powerful performance is Rachel Weisz , who not only gives this movie an unnecessary amount of class and respect but also gives it the only real and human performance in the entire film . She 's so good in this movie that if you had a real director and some real scriptwriters , She could have made a better lead character in a much better and serious film than this.For Rachel Weisz 's performance alone , i will give this movie two stars , the movie itself does not deserve a star at all .
 Mind bending stupid horror film that lacks any form of common sense what so ever with a script that was looked like it was written by a ten year old with dialog only a child could understand and a leading man who is as bad an actor as they come . Keanu Reeves ca n't act if his life depended on it and his performance here proves that in spades . The special effects are not really good and the direction seems forced in some places . The only performance of merit that this film has is from Rachel Weisz who does much more with her character than she needed to and she does lift this film pass much of it 's problems but a good actor can do only do so much with out the help of the director or the rest of the cast and she 's basically by herself in this film in terms of good acting.Avoid .
 Forgettable Keanu Reeves film that could be possibly his worse movie to date . Keanu should have never gotten this role and it only shows that the people who work in Hollywood are really stupid because the role calls for someone who can give a complicate performance , something Reeves can not pull off . He comes across as a phony and his performance is possibly his worse . The script does not help him at all with bad dialog that could crack the sound barrier and a story that makes no sense what so ever . Rachel Weisz does more with her role than he does with his and steals the movie with a tight and strait forward performance that could have been a better lead for this movie than Keanu 's character . I believed in her characters plight more than the believed in what was going on in the entire film and would have liked to know more about her and her sister as well . Too bad for her and the audience that the movie is more of a bore than a movie with substance and I would have like to have followed Weisz more than Reeves in this movie.Not worth your time .
 Tedious and very funny Keanu Reeves horror movie that lacks not only the thrills but also a real story with an actual plot in it . The dialog is horrendously bad with scenes that actually has nothing to do with the story being told and characters that adds nothing to the overall story at all . Keanu Reeves is painfully miscast as the occult detective John Constantine and the direction by first time director Frances Lawrence is spotty at best . The screenplay is a jumbled mess and it contradicts itself in certain scenes of the film and some of the performances are not up to par . There is some good in the film and that is mostly coming from the performance of Rachel Weisz , and she does more for it than the movie does for her . I actually cared about her character more than I cared about John Constantine and if I were the screenwriter of this movie , I would have cut John out altogether and just focus the movie on her . For one , it would have cut about half of the unnecessary characters that is in the film but also might have made the movie more focus in its plot because her character has more of a reason of being in the movie than Keanu 's , who is just there for the mandatory overblown climax , which in itself incoherent because it raises more questions than the movie wants to answer.I agree with the majority , see it for Rachel Weisz great performance only but do n't expect the film to be as great as she was .
 Horrible movie that leaves a very bad taste in your mouth with a bad acting performance by Keanu Reeves , who is miscast as a hard boiled detective who fights against demons in LA. . His performance is a real misfire on the part of the people who made this film and it hurts the film in a lot of ways . His co-star Rachel Weisz is ten times the actor Keanu is and she has the most interesting character in the whole movie . Her character is so good that she should have been the lead instead of poor Keanu but we do n't live in a perfect world so we have to suffer with Keanu trying to act tough . The script is an absolute mess from beginning to end and the special effects are not done properly in some scenes of the film.See the film for Rachel Weisz performance alone but other than her , wait for video .
 How to make a really bad movie .1 -RRB- Have a script that literally makes no sense .2 -RRB- Have a music video director who has no clue on what he 's trying to film , let alone have a clue on what the movie is really about .3 -RRB- Cast the film with two great and versatile actors -LRB- Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou -RRB- and then cast the central character with one of the worse actors around -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- and have him throw the film off balance with his lack of talent .4 -RRB- Take a great story from an acclaimed comic book and rape it for a cheap thrill.What do you get with all of this ? A film called Constantine , one of the worse films of this year.Not worth it 's weight on DvD
 Vile adaptation of the great comic book is not only a misrepresentation of what the comic is actually about but an incoherent adaptation as well . It takes the book 's premise and literally steps on it for the sake of milking it for a cheap affect . Keanu Reeves is miscast and his performance is so bad , it 's vile . He has a charm but it does not come across here in this film and he looks like he 's making a joke out of his performance . Rachel Weisz does carry this movie on her shoulders by giving it its only good performance but she gets no support from the script and the direction , which is flimsy to say the least . The story is incoherent and the screenplay is a mess . The Special Effects were done better before in other movies and the cinematography is shot way too dark to see some times.Worth a look just for Rachel Weisz 's better than the film performance but other than her great effort to be better than the horrible script , the rest of the film lacks not only her professionalism but her grace as well
 Super crappy film that not only makes you feel stupid once you have seen it but will make you want to have a drink just to forget about it right after its over . Keanu Reeves is miscast in a very very bad way and the story is not very interesting at all . Certain thing that are introduce in terms of narrative in the beginning of the film is thrown out by the end of the second act in order to put on a ridiculous third act that makes everything about the movie into a bad and tasteless joke . Rachel Weisz does do wonders with the script and her role and the universal praise she is getting is well deserved but she gives the only good performance in the entire movie while the rest of the actors in the film ca n't rise above the bad material they are given . I did not even know that this was a comic book before but now that I do , I know why it was so bad to begin with .
 I tried not to read the reviews for this film in order to judge for myself on the film 's worth but after I was able to catch this at my local dollar theater , I have to say that the reviews do n't do it justice . The movie is horrible and Keanu ca n't act to save his life . From the horrible first exorcism scene to the bad ending , the film just does not find itself in a good position to entertain you , not to mention keep you awake in order to find out what happens in the end of the film . The special effects are decent but it does not make the film any better and in certain spots take away from what this film was really about , which in essence is nothing interesting at all . Rachel Weisz 's performance is the best thing about this movie and that 's a miracle in itself because of how bad the script is written . She 's so good in this film that you really do end up wishing that she and her character could some how escape the movie and that she could take you with her because her performance is more interesting than the entire film as a whole.I do n't know what went through the minds of the people making this film but judging by the finish product , it was probably nothing .
 Really bad horror movie that has only the great performance of Rachel Weisz from keeping it from being a total waste of time . Keanu is miscast to the point of him hurting the film and the script is so horribly written that it literally almost too painful to the ears.Rachel Weisz is great but she 's the only good thing about the entire film .
 This movie is garbage , stay home and save your money . My friendsand I were trying to stay awake through the entire film , although I do n't know why . Sleeping would have been a more productive use of our time , rather than wasting time trying to figure out this film . When the old tired plot finally starts to unravel , we did n't care what was going on . I felt that the actors are an insignificant part of this movie , they do n't matter . In other words , this film is so bad , it does n't matter who was in front of the camera , no one could save this trash . The film is very dark , shot like a low budget film , with a few special effects.My friends and I can honestly say that we did not like anything about this film .
 Super stupid Keanu Reeves monster movie that is so bad , I 'm waiting for it to come on Mystery Science Theater 3000 . Keanu is at his worse with this film and it shows on his face that even he thinks the movie is bad . Out of the entire cast , Only Rachel Weisz -LRB- Runaway Jury -RRB- and Peter Stourmar -LRB- Bad Boys 2 -RRB- give credible performances that are way better than the movie itself . Rachel Weisz does more with her part than the screenwriters and the director did with making the movie and gives the film an unnecessary great performance that a way better movie could have used instead and Peter Stourmar gives class and dignity to an underwritten role that is only in the movie for about five minutes.See it for Rachel Weisz and Peter Stourmar ONLY , because the rest of the film is really bad .
 Questionable adaptation of the comic book Hellblazer has of all the people Keanu Reeves playing the role of supernatural misfit John Constantine who is trying to save the world from a conspiracy to bring fourth the son of Satan , who is trying to enter the earth . The huge problem that this film has is of course Keanu Reeves , who is miscast to the point of the film becoming a joke and the screenplay is way too incoherent to understand most of the things that are happening in the film . The lackluster dialog seem more like a USA cable film that a real movie that was releases in the theaters and the special effects do n't hold any ground what so ever and they get repetitive after a while , losing most of it 's attended impact along the way . Some of the other actors in the film do n't even seem to care about their performances with the excerption of Rachel Weisz , whose game and way too good for this type of film performance does more for the film than it should have . She actually makes you care and understand her character and makes her a real three dimensional person who you would have liked know more about and follow instead of the tissue paper dimensional character of John Constantine and his fellow lackeys . Another actor who does way more than he should have is Djimon Hounsou and he does not have enough screen time to make a better impact as well as Peter Stormare , who great interpretation of the King of Darkness is just in the movie for about four minutes.IF you want to see it , see it for the game performance of Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou and Peter Stormare because other than their performances , there is really nothing here to see .
 Overloaded supernatural thriller that manages to not only insult the people who are fans of the comic book which this film is based on but insults the audience with one of the worse written and feebly plotted films in history . You will not only take apart this film for it sheer lack of a story but you would want to take Keanu Reeves head off for giving one of his worse performance ever in a major film . He 's so bad in fact that you just would want to turn away from him every time he is on screen because of how bad his performance is . The really sad thing about this film is the fact that there are two very good performances that almost makes you want to like the movie you are watching . The first and best of these performance belongs to Rachel Weisz , whose dark and rich performance as a homicide cop makes you take a pause and wonder on how much potential this film could have had if they could have just centered the film around her and her character . She not only gives an amazing performance but also almost redeems Keanu 's horrible acting as well , which is not a very easy thing to do . I agree with almost every review written that she is not only the best thing about the movie but she is its real heart and soul . The second good performance in the film belongs to Peter Stormare , who very , very brief role as the devil himself has more scares and more tension than the movie itself . He 's not only campy but sly and dangerous as well and his brief introduction at the end of the film almost saves the last act of the movie , which is ruined by a very bad plot point that makes absolutely no sense at all and was not even hinted at during the course of the entire film . Unfortunately for both Weisz and Stormare plus the audience themselves , the movie is more of a showcase for very bad computer effects that loses it 's impact after the first three minutes of the film than a character study on good and evil and that 's where the movie falters . It rather insult the audience than treat them with respect and if they had better people behind the scenes making this film , this would have been a real movie with some substance other than a over flashy Keanu Reeves film with no soul.Imagine how good this film would have been if you had the good script , tight direction and based it around Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare great performances . That would have been golden .
 Very bad Keanu Reeves clunker that is hands down his worse movie to date . Keanu literally stinks in this film with a performance that is destine to be the pinnacle of his bad acting career and the screenplay is a joke in so many ways that it has to be seen to believe . The only actor in this mess who stands her ground is Rachel Weisz and she does give way too much class and talent to this movie with a performance that is way too good for it . The praise she is getting is well deserved but other than her sadly , the rest of the cast is pretty bad and they do n't even try to give good performances with the roles they have , and some of them even look like they do n't even want to be there . The direction by first time director Frances Lawrence is incoherent and some part of the film make no sense what so ever and the special effects are poorly done for a movie of this size.I dare anyone to try to keep a strait face while watching this movie because it 's so bad that you will laugh your butt off .
 Stupid and very incoherent adaptation of the Hellblazer comic lacks that book 's sense of humor and complexity and goes for the gusto in stupidity with a very bad performance by Keanu Reeves , who manages to make his last two matrix films look like masterpieces compared to his work here . He not only sucks the life out of every scene he 's in but manages to bring the film down to his level of acting in certain scenes . Director Frances Lawrence tries hard but lacks focus in certain scenes and lacks a sense of continually with his work . He steals from the best but lacks the substance to pull it off . The only redeeming things this movie has to offer is the performance of Rachel Weisz , who manages to give a strong , complex and moving performance despite the fact that the movie is not worthy of it . I would have liked to have learn more about her character and her relationship with her sister , which would have been a much better movie than this film was if they just could have based the film around her character instead of John Constantine . Djmon Hounsou , who was so great in the film '' In America '' only has a bit part here and he does well with it but I would have rather had him play a much bigger role than he was allowed to play in this film . Peter Stormare , who was so great in the movies `` Birth '' and `` Chocolat '' , gives quite an unusual take of the devil . Unfortunately , he 's not in the movie very much at all . The special effects are good but the way hell is represented here is more a variation of the sets that was used in the film than something completely original . It 's a decent film if you 're in the mood for this kind of movie but I you will end up thinking that it could have been better once it 's over .
 Bad adaptation of the classic horror - noir comic book `` Hellblazer '' is really a train wreck with a miscast Keanu Reeves who does try his best with the character but ends up look like a fool instead because of the lousy direction and the horrible script that he has to work with . He looks the part but the delivery of his lines is unintentionally funny and his presence does hurt the film because of his acting . Rachel Weisz , Keanu 's co-star actually does much better with the material than he does and delivers a great performance but it 's more a testament of how great an actress she is because she 's the only actor in the film who rises above the lousy material they all had to work with . She 's literally gives too much to this movie with her performance and she does deserve '' The better than the movie '' praise she has been getting from almost everyone who have seen the movie . Unfortunately for her and the audience , the script is so bad and the direction is so unfocused that it makes the movie almost too bad to watch because certain scenes are too dark to see what is going on from time to time and the dialog lacks conviction for the material at hand.I hope there is a special place in hell for the people who made this film , because they deserve to be there for ruining a great comic book .
 Rip roaring rip off of the Matrix movies that has Keanu Reeves redoing his Neo character for a supernatural tale that does not have a lot of common sense . Keanu is pretty bad in this film and it 's apparent that this was an attempt to cash in on his Matrix success and some of the things that happens in the film including the over blown ending are scenes taken directly from the Matrix films . It seems to me that they were trying to establish another franchise with Keanu but this film really does not deserve a follow up . There are some good thing to say about it like the performances of Rachel Weisz , who does do far more for this film with her great and powerful performance than it does for her and Peter Stormare , whose tem minute cameo has more meat and soul than most of the performances of the film -LRB- with the excerption of Rachel Weisz of course -RRB- . Other than them , the movie is really a vanity project for those who are looking to cash in on the Matrix movies .
 Poorly made horror film that has Keanu Reeves in his worse performance in quite sometime fighting the forces of evil in order to save the world from the coming apocalypse . Keanu is a decent actor but he 's miscast in the role of John Constantine and his performance is so uninspiring that it could put you a sleep if you are not careful . The story is a real bore and manages to go against what it sets up earlier in the film in the last twenty minutes in order for Keanu to have a gun fight with the bad guys and the plot twist in the end makes absolutely no sense at all because the movie does not establish the reason why a certain character does what she does . A lot of praise has been giving to Rachel Weisz for being the only good thing this film has and she does deserve that praise because her performance does make this film better than it really is . Too bad for her and all of us that the movie just does not live up to her performance and we have to suffer with a film that is more in tune with Keanu 's bad acting than the graceful and professional performance by Rachel Weisz that the movie should have been more in tune with .
 Lackluster adaptation of the vertigo comic book that is only a fraction of the original source material and puts in a actor who ca n't live up to the character he is trying to play . Keanu Reeves fumbles badly with his role and the rest of the cast follows suite with the lousy script that make them all look like fools . Only Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare come out of this cinematic debacle with their heads high because they do more than the script does in this film . They give more to their respective characters than they should have and make the film a little better than it really is and that 's no small feat considering the fact that Keanu and the rest of the cast do look like fools thou out the entire film thanks to the badly written script and lackluster special effects.One star .
 Terrible supernatural thriller that has Keanu Reeves of all people playing a occult detective trying to figure out a supernatural conspiracy against the world of men . The movie lacks for starters a script that makes some kind of sense and it 's riddled with such bad dialog that you ca n't even believe your ears at certain parts of the film . The other problem is Keanu Reeves , who is just the wrong guy to play a role like this . He comes across more like he 's constipated than a brooding P.I. who dabbles with the occult . The movie falls on his shoulders and it falls off the map of credibility because of it . Other than Keanu 's attempt at drama , the acting is decent for what it is and that because of the efforts of a few actors who are trying to keep a strait face while speaking the bad dialog from the script . First and foremost is the performance of Rachel Weisz , which give this film more class and substance than the script dares to give it . To say that her performance is much better than the film itself is an understatement because it 's much more than the film even inspires to be . She 's so good in fact that you actually feel sorry for her for even being in it in the first place . The second great performance belongs to Djmon Hounsou , who does wonders with his role , even though it more of an bit role than a central one . He deserved more respect than this but unfortunately he does not get it in this film . Tilda Swinton also does well with her part but unfortunately for her , her role literally give this movie the biggest plot hole of all . A plothole big enough for it to kill the last act of the film.Maybe under a better director who know what he was doing and better script that had a story to tell , this could have been a better movie , unfortunately after this debacle , we will never know .
 Super crappy supernatural thriller that makes a fine comic book into a sham with a horrible performance by Keanu Reeves and sub par special effects that are an insult to a lot of the technical wizards working in Hollywood now . To call this movie an insult to their craft is an understatement and pretty pathetic considering how lazy the production of this film really was . I have heard a lot of praise about Rachel Weisz 's performance , and she deserves all of it because she is the only good thing this movie really has . She 's so good in fact that you do feel sorry for her for even putting in an effort to give the audience someone to cheer for.Too bad the rest of the movie was not as professional as her performance was .
 Moronic and self indulgent Keanu Reeves vanity project lacks the heart and the wits of the comic book which it steals most of it 's ideas form and ruins them with a horrible acting performance by Keanu Reeves , which looks more like he 's reading from cue cards than remembering a script . The rest of the actors do better in their roles than he does with Rachel Weisz stealing the show with a deep and strong performance , Gavin Rossdale , doing a very convincing job as an agent of the underworld and Djmon Hounsou giving a bit role more class than he should have . Tilda Swinton does well with a small role that is very underwritten and Shia LaBeouf is well , Shia LaBeouf . Do n't expect any more than that.Skip it , you will thank yourself later .
 Mediocre comic book adaptation of the horror comic book lacks a script that makes much sense , an actor who is believable in the main role and a director who was professional enough to do his job . Keanu Reeves is horribly miscast as a supernatural bounty hunter who is trying to save the world from the forces of evil and the script he is working with is just as bad as he is with plot points that make no sense and a revelation in the end that comes out completely from left fiend and literally destroys everything the movie was trying to accomplish . The director of this film really does not know how to stage a scene and make it make any kind of sense what so ever . The only good thing in the entire film is the performance of Rachel Weisz who not only gives too much talent to this film but is the only glue that is keeping the film from totally falling apart . Unfortunately for her , the movie really does not capitalize on her great performances and instead only focuses it 's energies on Keanu 's bad attitude to steer the movie into a vat of crap.I do n't know what when wrong with it but from this viewer 's standpoint , it 's a terrible film .
 Vile adaptation of the great comic book is not only a misrepresentation of what the comic is actually about but an incoherent adaptation as well . It takes the book 's premise and literally steps on it for the sake of milking it for a cheap affect . Keanu Reeves is miscast and his performance is so bad , it 's vile . He has a charm but it does not come across here in this film and he looks like he 's making a joke out of his performance . Rachel Weisz does carry this movie on her shoulders by giving it its only good performance but she gets no support from the script and the direction , which is flimsy to say the least . The story is incoherent and the screenplay is a mess . The special effects were done better before in other movies and the cinematography is shot way too dark to see some times.Worth a look just for Rachel Weisz 's better than the film performance but other than her great effort to be better than the horrible script , the rest of the film lacks not only her professionalism but her grace as well .
 Very bad Keanu Reeves film that could be one of the worse films ever made . Keanu sinks it up so badly that he should be thrown out of Hollywood all together and they should include the director and the screenwriters as well because the movie is as bad as Keanu 's performance . Out of the entire cast only Rachel Weisz gives a real performance in this movie and she is so good in fact that she does almost redeems the entire film but not even her great talent could save it from the script , which is excruciatingly bad and the direction , which is as bad as the script and lacks focus for what its trying to accomplish . The story makes no sense and manages to go against itself in certain scenes and the climax literally destroys the narrative that the movie was trying to build up.Maybe asking for a competed director and a lead actor who can act was a tall order for the producers of this film .
 Forgettable horror thriller that has Keanu Reeves remaking his matrix role for an even less talented director and an even worse screenplay . Keanu 's performance is a worthy effort but is not very good and he 's more distracting than compelling in his role . His costar Rachel Weisz does much , much more than he does in the acting department and almost redeems the entire movie with her stellar performance but she 's literally the only actor who tries to be better than the horrible script that they had to work with . A script that lacks not only common sense but a sense of purpose as well . The direction is shoddy with really bad camera work in all directions and the special effects do n't hold much significance.Other than a worthy and game effort on Rachel Weisz 's part . The movie is not worthy of her talent or your time .
 Horrendous special effects festival is almost as bad as Keanu Reeves 's acting ability with a script that has way too many plot holes and dialog that is almost hurtful to the ears . Keanu Reeves is just wrong in the role of a misguided supernatural detective out to rid the world of Demons in order to gain entrants into heaven . His delivery is wrong on so many counts that it just hurts and he 's with out a doubt the worse actor for the role because we do n't believe in him or his struggles . The rest of the film is almost tailor made to fit Keanu 's horrible acting like a glove excerpt for the great performance of Rachel Weisz , who not only gives this movie more meaning than it really deserves but gives the only good and solid performance with a character that has more dimensions than the movie itself . Weisz 's character is the only believable character in the entire script and that 's a real godsend because the rest of the script not only lacks believability in its story but lacks accountability in its execution as well because the story really does not make any sense at all . The special effects also lack believability because they look too computer generated to be even being considered real looking and the hell dimension just looks like a burn out parking lot.Rachel Weisz is great but the movie is just not worthy of her talent or your time
 Horrible horror misfire that lacks a lot of brains and lacks a credible leading man for the movie to really fly . While Keanu Reeves is miscast in the worse way , it 's Rachel Weisz who steps up to the plate and carries the movie into respectability . Her performance is much better than the story and the special effects that is in this film and for that , the movie is bearable but other than her grand effort to transcend the lousy script , there is really nothing to see here other than her performance.Wait for Dvd .
 Lousy comic book movie that spits in the face of its comic books creators and basically makes it a potential franchise for Keanu Reeves . The movie fails on many fronts , including the main character that is the most underdeveloped character in the film and the script that lacks any sense what so ever . The direction is a joke and the visual effects are flat horrible . Some of the acting is good with Rachel Weisz doing what she can with the bad script she has to work with and she almost succeeds because she gives the movie its only real and compelling performance . Too bad the script really focuses on the lousy lead character instead of her and that 's where the movies biggest problem is . You do n't really give a damn about the main character at all and you really do n't give a damn about his kid sidekick , who is just the most annoying character in the entire film.I do n't know what went though the minds of the people who made this film but if there is a special part in hell for the director and the screenwriters of this movie , I hope they go there quick for what they did to such a great comic book .
 DC Comics ' Vertigo imprint joins the comic book to film frenzy with Constantine , based on the rich anti-hero John Constantine from the comic book Hellblazer . In the comic , Constantine is a foul-mouthed , beer swilling , two pack a day smoking , dirt bag of a blonde Brit . In the movie , he 's Keanu Reeves . Why the producers behind this film would select a none-to-well known character like John Constantine , and then proceed to virtually dump all pre-existing character information about him , is beyond me . In my mind , you pick an established character for either the name recognition -LRB- capitalizing on a built in audience -RRB- or because that character is such a great one -LRB- in which you keep very close to the source material -RRB- . Constantine chooses to eschew both these alternatives and instead goes for the dubious ` let 's totally change a character that nobody knows just to piss off the ones that do know ' approach . And they do so successfully . While my unwitting cohorts were dazzled enough by the now expected veneer of special effects and thrown together artifact-related plot to at least not hate it , I found myself stupidly wondering at the terrible loss of potential.Tilda Swinton is great fun to watch as the archangel Gabriel , and Peter Stormare does his best to deliver some pretty bad material as Satan . Otherwise , the cast is flat and unmotivated . The plot circles around a special dagger that can somehow unleash the son of Satan into the world that otherwise only allows half demons and half angels . Needless to say , Constantine saves the day , and indirectly , himself from eternal damnation . If you are a fan of the comic , do not see this adaptation under any circumstance . If you are not a fan , then there 's really no reason to see it unless you just really like Keanu Reeves . With these people running things , look for Sandman , the Romantic Comedy starring Rosie O'Donnel as Death . Oh , those silly Endless .
 Crappy Keanu Reeves Horror epic is not only the actors worse film by far but a bad film in it 's own right . Keanu is just wrong for the role and who ever cast him should be shot because he 's so miscast in the role of Constantine that he presence hurts the film . The script is joke in many ways and most of the performances are not very good . -LRB- Shia LaBeouf was horrible and made Keanu look like an Oscar winner by comparison -RRB- The only performance of merit is that of Rachel Weisz and she literally keeps you glued to your seat with her powerful and emotional performance . Unfortunately , while she gives her all , the rest of the movie is in self destruction mold all around her with bad special effects , very bad dialog and a story that makes no sense what so ever.I stand with the majority , Rachel Weisz is the only good thing about this film , so wait for Dvd to see this film and in the mean time rent Runaway Jury or the Shape of things . Two very good movies that compliments Weisz 's performance unlike this one does .
 Terrible written fright film that has possible the worse performance of the last few years by Keanu Reeves , who literally weighs the film down with his bad acting and bad presence in this film . I would love to meet the casting agent with though that Keanu Reeves of all people would have been great in this movie . The dialog is so bad in this film that you really are taken a back at the sheer stupidity of it and the story does not hold any weight as for as common sense goes . Keanu 's interpretation of the character goes into overload after the first half-hour and the rest of the movie follows his lead into absurdity . The special effects are poorly done for a movie of this size and the cinematography is just horrible in some parts of the film . Of the supporting cast , only Rachel Weisz -LRB- Confidence , Runaway Jury -RRB- and Peter Stormare -LRB- Birth , Fargo -RRB- come out of this movie with passing grades and that 's because they are both able to transcend the horrible script with very good performances that is better than the whole entire film . Weisz gives a strong and compelling performance with her character and that in itself a huge compliment considering the fact that the script does not do her performance any justice and Peter Stormare dominates the last ten minutes of the film with a perfect performance that should have been a lead instead of a cameo.Other than their performances , the movie just does not cut it and that 's because of the lame writing and the miscasting of Keanu Reeves .
 It 's amazing how they can take some moments from a film , show them in previews , and make a person think , `` Hey , that looks interesting . '' Well , do n't you believe it ! It felt as if they were making the plot up as they went along , the characters are shallow , and it was BORING . I do n't know anything about the comic , but if I were the original artist/author , I 'd be offended that my name was associated with this movie . It 's not scary , it 's not interesting , it 's not thought provoking , there 's nothing to keep you on the edge of your seat . Save your money .
 Horrible Keanu Reeves action/horror movie not only makes the people who pay to see it look stupid but solidify him as one of the worse actors of our generation with a horrible performance that takes all the good this film had and destroys it with his sheer lack of talent . I feel sorry for his fellow actors which includes Rachel Weisz , -LRB- who give the movie 's only real performance -RRB- for even being on the same screen with him because despite their good work , he manages to make the movie into a real choir to watch and that 's in itself a crime because a better actor would have done more with the role.The bad word of mouth is justified .
 Degrading and down right morbid horror movie that is more in tune with The Rocky Horror Picture Show than the comic book that it 's based on . Keanu Reeves was just terrible as the lead character and he should be banned from ever acting again . Sadly , his performance was not the worse in the movie . That honor goes to the transvestite who plays the angel Gabriel , who looks like a reject from a John Walters movie . Her performance is beyond bad and along with the embarrassing performance of the guy who plays a gay devil make this one of the worse films to ever come out of a mainstream studio . The only and I do mean only good performance that comes out of this waste of film stock is from Rachel Weisz and her performance is so good in fact that in makes the movie uneven because you feel like you 're watching a better movie with her on the screen instead of the garbage that is right in front of you . You actually begin to feel sorry for her after a while and hope that she and her character was able to escape the movie all together because her performance is 100 times better than the movie.It really does deserves the Mystery Science Theater 3000 treatment
 Down right boring Keanu Reeves vehicle is an insult to your senses . The movie is shot way too dark in certain scenes of the film and the special effects are tepid at the very best . Keanu Reeves gives his all but regardless of his efforts , he 's not right for the role . His performance borders on way too dark to unintentionally funny plus he looks bored with what is going on . You 're supposed to believe in his character but you end up just annoyed with him and that not good if you 're trying to buy the story of the film . The story itself is very shaky and it makes no sense in some parts of the film . Angles and demons ca n't cross over into this world but yet there are half-breeds all around the city and the angle Gabriel is walking around like nothing is happing . Makes no sense but that 's some of the inconstancies this movie has and it has too many of them . The only good thing of merit that the movie has to offer is the performance of Rachel Weisz , who manages to give a complex , strong and moving performance that gives you a brief pause and makes you wonder on how this movie could have been much better off if they just centered it around her character alone , with out all the hoopla and special effects that it has now . That would have worked much better and been much more effective than the overblown special effects movie that it is now and probably would have been much scarier to boot . I would have rather paid to see that then this film right here .
 I 've been reading through the other reviews , trying to see if it was just me . One of my friends loved it ; the other just was n't impressed . Neither had read any of the comics . Me ? I loved the comic book . I stopped seeing movies based on comic books after being greatly disappointed by The Hulk . But ... I really , really like Hellblazer . So I let myself be suckered into thinking that maybe this time would different . Truly , looking back on it , I 'm not certain what I was thinking . The problem is that when writers are given a comic book format to develop a story and the characters therein , they have one issue a month -LRB- sometimes more -RRB- , twelve times a year to develop their characters . If a comic has only been out for a year , that 's not much to live up to . In the case of Hellblazer ... this is a comic that 's been out since the late eighties . 1988 , specifically . The movie is trying to encapsulate fifteen years of character and plot development . And do it in an hour and a half . With special effects . I seriously doubted their choice of Keanu Reeves to play the part ; he has the -LSB- almost , but not quite -RSB- right look , but I was a little afraid to hear him try to pull off an English accent . Silly me . I 'm not certain what would have been worse
 Constantine is not as entertaining as Hellboy , but it does have several great actors from Britain and America including Rachel Weisz -LRB- Sunshine -RRB- , Tilda Swinton -LRB- The Deep End , Orlando -RRB- , and last year 's Oscar nominated Djimon Hounsou -LRB- In America -RRB- . It 's obvious that Keanu Reeves needed a commercial hit again since the completion of The Matrix series , but he 's not right for this gig . He 's too good looking in this movie , and if he had done some serious transformation like Christian Bale -LRB- The Machinist -RRB- , he probably would be more convincing . Oh well , he 's definitely got 5 times more fans and bankability than Bale , even if he 's a less sophisticated actor.This film did n't strike me as horror experience , it 's more of a religion/spiritual thriller . In the beginning , we get to see Reeves perform an exorcism on a girl who was posessed by a demon that escaped Hell , and it was his `` job '' to capture and deport it back to The Other Dimension . It was an impressive visual , even if the girl was not Linda Blair . From that moment on , the film headed on a multi-plot direction that was kind of confusing . As for the structure of Hell and how someone will be rejected by Heaven -LRB- also known as The Other Side -RRB- , it 's not very acurate . Reeve 's character is someone who attempted suicide at an early age , because he could n't take it anymore dued to his overwhelming ability -LRB- gift -RRB- to see through other dimensions . He came back , and he 's not eligible to go to Heaven , but he intended to regain credibility by fighting against Hell . During his journey , he encounters Rachel Weisz -LRB- playing a dual role of twins -RRB- , whose sister committed suicide and she was trying to unsolve her mysterious death , since she knew that she did n't deliberately killed herself . Reeves was the only person to assist her to dig into the surface of things . Along the way , there are other characters they come across , including Reeves ' sidekick -LRB- a psychic -RRB- . A mysterious Archangel played by the underused Tilda Swinton who managed to steal scenes with every minute of the screen time . A Witch Doctor who had the access to both Heaven and Hell played by the very intense Djimon Hounsou , he was so good that Keanu Reeves looked like a supporting role when they are in a scene together . Throughout the rest of this movie , Reeves and Weisz were attacked by demons and and he had to decent to Hell to investigate things , but we do n't really get to know who the real mastermind of the plot to take ove the world is until the very end.The story was kind of weak , but it 's got some good visuals consistently . Keanu Reeves did n't get to do very much action scenes like he did in The Matrix . I was very surprised that they could get Tilda Swinton to be in this movie , but it 's too bad that she did n't even have more than 10 minutes of screentime .
 Seriously mishandled horror thriller that had some of its chips in the right place but lacks the showmanship to pull it off . Keanu Reeves is a charismatic actor but his performance here misses the mark completely and noises dives into a brick wall . His performance lacks the presence that the character needs to make this story fly and that 's a dangerous thing considering the fact that he 's the lead in the film . The story itself makes no sense what so ever and the direction by Frances Lawrence is amateurish to say the least . By hearing the audio commentary by him on the DVD is to here a filmmaker who knows that he was in way over his head in directing this film and it shows by his bad decision making and his clear misunderstanding on what the movie really needed by his lack of experience . He copies more than he originates and lacks the understanding to know how to incorporate what he copied . Another factor that made this movie fail is the screenplay , that had no idea on what it was trying to say . It says one thing and then does a complete 360 degrees and does something completely different . It tries to be intelligent but ca n't hide the fact that it 's really trying to make a supernatural dirty harry film that lacks brains competence , and good writing . Its was supposed to be another Keanu Reeves franchise but unfortunately it makes the last two really bad matrix movies look like cinematic art.There are some good performances in this film that does try to respect the audience , and that 's manly from Rachel Weisz -LRB- The Shape of Things , The Constant Gardener -RRB- who gives the only real and strong performance in the entire film . Her performance is way too good for this film , that 's how powerful an actress she is and it deserved better than this . The next good performance belongs to Peter Stormare -LRB- Fargo , The Brothers Grim , the show Prison Break -RRB- whose interpretation of the devil is pretty inventive but he 's only in the last eight minutes in the film .
 Horrible and down right degrading adaptation of the comic book is a mishmash of stupidly masquerading as a film . Keanu Reeves should turn in his SAG card for his horrible performance and somebody should find the screenwriters of this movie and give them a good butt kicking for the horrible script they wrote . The direction is decent but it depends on the special effects way too much to tell its story and most of the special effects are not done very well anyway . Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare are the only actors in the entire cast who give good performances and that 's because they both do more with their characters than the script tries to do . Weisz gives a strength and humanity to her role while Stormare gives his brief but memorable role a touch of menace and camp . Too bad nether of them were not the leads in this film because I think the movie would have been much better if that was the case . Unfortunately , we have Keanu parading around in full matrix mold with a story that is as thin as tissue paper .
 Director
 I really did not care for this film at all . The visual effects were pretty good , but the acting overall was just terrible .
 John Constantine -LRB- Keeanu Reeves -RRB- is a doomed man . A teenage suicide attempt has left him damned , and no matter how many demons he sends back to hell , he just ca n't seem to earn himself salvation . Not only that , he 's got terminal emphysema . Thus far the role could be a metaphor for Keeanu 's career , if he does n't get over his Matrix persona and start at least pretending to be an actor.The film kicks off with the discovery of the Spear of Destiny , an artifact rumoured to be the spear that killed Jesus . This is followed by the apparently unconnected suicide of Isabel Dodson -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- , though since both events are in the same film , we know they must be related . Isabel 's sister Angela -LRB- also played by Weisz -RRB- is convinced her sister did n't really throw herself off a high rise building , and recruits Constantine 's help to find answers . The two discover a conspiracy to unleash evil upon the world using the aforementioned artifact , and when the forces of evil kidnap Angela with the intention of using her as a blood sacrifice , it is of course up to Constantine and his young apprentice to save the day.With Weisz 's acting safely confined to a coldly lit pool in a psychiatric hospital , the film is free to degenerate into idiocy as Constantine races against time to save the girl , utterly erasing the line between good and evil in the process . The film does at least stand out with possibly the most mixed up theology I 've yet seen exhibited by this genre.The only thing that keeps it alive is Weisz 's unbelievably solid performance despite all the obstacles presented to her by script , director and fellow actors . Keeanu does n't look like he 's even tried to get into the character , instead coming across as a wooden , chain smoking version of his Matrix role as Neo Anderson . Make sure you enjoy watching him flick his lighter closed after each cigarette , because it 's the only part of his performance worth watching.If you must watch a theological thriller , this does at least step the intelligence up one or two notches from End of Days , but honestly I found Arnie 's wooden attempts far more entertaining than Keeanu 's stubborn refusal . The best advice I can give you is
 Alan Moore created this anti-hero in Saga of the Swamp Thing ... Little did he know that his trench coat chain smoking english man would become one of the back stones to DC Comics modern Vertigo comic series ... . To push John into a further realm which this movie is based apon Garth Ennis gave a new and darker gritty side to Constantine ... -LRB- most of this movie is based off of Dangerous Habits -LRB- -LRB- by Ennis -RRB- -RRB- although it goes back some plots from issues 1-10 and some other various parts of the 200 plus saga of Hellbalzer ... -RRB- Yet , from the word go hollywood is able to take from the simplist things and just throw it all away . First off what was wrong with Contanine being British ???? Aye , this film was overall aimed for the American audience but , when has it been bad to have a british character ???? More or less never ... . Americans love british people more than Keuna Reeves ... Seriously Hollywood more or less had two of the best comic book writers in the last thirty years to take from on this story and they just threw it away and went with what they thought was good ... And to top it off right before this movie came out DC made an offical version of this to be adapted to comic format and still scenes were cut and made differently before it went to the big screen ... As , if to just rub salt in the wound that hollywood ca n't even follow it 's own rules ... For those who know nothing of Hellblazer or Constantine this movie can be outright confusing because the director assumed you 've read the comic series which was a critcal mistake because this is a rather complex character . Not , that it 's impossible to make a two hour film on a long series comic character . Look to Spider Man 1 or Conan ... Both took a well know character and took the basicness of what made them good and made a good film on them ... As to those who gave this movie a 5 or 4 rating regardless of what they know about hellblazer are unfortinatly idiots that think Krull was great or Ghostbusters 2 ... . So , if you never were thrilled with Blair Witch , Ghostbusters 2 , Aliens 3 ect ... than you know to stay far far away from this film ... But , if you liked matrix 3 , Robocop 3 , Krull than by all means rent or buy this film ...
 Was happy to recieve the dvd fast but the quality -LRB- both image and sound -RRB- does n't match to any of the blu ray discs I have at home.Looks like someone labeled DVD as bluray .
 A very nice movie . Overall audio is okay but the center channnel is soft on output . Whisper can hardly be heard . Dolby TrueHd is average . Switched to Dolby Digital , less compressed . Gabriel wing flaps can be heard . Now the center channel is much better . Visual just okay . Its a 50G disc .
 Dull , loud and boring adaptation of the classic horror comic book lacks a real leading man for the movie to fly with its bad script and almost as bad special effects . While Keanu fails miserably in his role , his co-star Rachel Weisz does more with hers than the actual movie does , giving her character a sense of dignity and grace despite of the lousy dialog , Badly written characters and insane plot cliches that is surrounding her during the course of the movie . Her performance alone is worth the price of the movie ticket but other than her , there is really no reason rush to see the bad film.My Suggestion ? Wait for Dvd .
 I thought the movie was ok and had some cool moments . I did n't like the deamons/devils ; they looked terrible . They needed a better artist or vision/concept . The movie had so much potential . Hollywood has not produced a good Heaven/Hell , Angel/Devil movie . Hopefully something of worth will be produced in the near future .
 I 've never read Hellblazer before , but I am a comic fan and thought maybe I 'd enjoy this movie . I was wrong . This movie had some of the worst acting I 've seen , especially by Keanu Reeves and Shia LaBeouf . Aside from that , it contained a storyline that was just too much for a 2 hour movie . It 's obvious that Constantine 's life is more complicated than can fit in their time slot , so it appears they left many things out and tried to pack in as much action as possible without explaining very much.Overall , the storyline was incredibly boring , and despite some decent special effects , the action was even more yawn-inducing . This is the first movie in my entire life I 've ever fallen asleep in .
 Very boring horror movie that has Keanu Reeves playing a Sam Spade like occult investigator who helps a police officer in death of her twin sister . The story sounds simple enough but it get convoluted in all the supernatural happening that is going on and the screenplay really does not bother to explain itself in those occurrences . The special effects are good but some of them are repetitive and some visuals are not that well done . The acting is decent for a movie of this kind with Rachel Weisz proving once again to be one of the most versatile and talented actresses of her generation . Her performance is actually too good for this film because it demands a better showcase than this film . Her character is strong enough to hold this film by herself but with the inconsistent writing that is in the screenplay , she is reduced to carrying Keanu on her shoulders while he is trying to figure out on which film he 's in . Which leads to the film 's biggest problem and that is Keanu Reeves himself . He 's miscast in the role of John Constantine and a better actor would have been able to show more of his sides than Keanu was able to do . Keanu just comes a cross as a jerk and that would have been alright if he at least showed some humanity but Keanu ca n't balance that out and he just comes across really bad . A better actor would have done more but with Keanu , you really ca n't expect much and you do n't get anything here . That hurts the creditability that this movie had for the main character and it hurts the way you see the movie as a whole . The direction lacks focus and some scenes do n't hold well with the whole film.Worth a rental for Rachel Weisz 's great performance and some of the special effects but not worth owning .
 Flat Keanu Reeves vanity project that lacks a lot brain and allot of showmanship with a story that makes no sense and a leading man who ca n't act the role he 's playing . Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare are about the only actors in the film who give great performances and that 's really because they are over qualified to be in a movie of this type . Weisz gives too much heart and soul to her role and Stormare gives a sadistic edge that is way too fierce to be in a movie like this . Both of them are head and shoulders over Keanu Reeves in the acting department and both of them literally blow him out of this film.See it for their performances only because it 's the only good you are going to get out of this bad movie .
 Lightweight supernatural thriller that tries to be hip but just ends up falling flat on its face most of the time . Keanu just does not cut it as the main character and he leaves his co-star Rachel Weisz to not only pick up most of his slack in the acting department but to have her hold the movie together by herself because she is the only actor in the film who manages stand over the bad script and flip flop direction to give a strong and compelling performance . Unfortunately , while she is doing her best , the film lets her and the audience down with it 's last act which is so painfully contrive that you will be in the doctors office the next day because you would have rolled your eyes once too many times at the stupid plot revelations and really bad dialog that accompanies the film 's lackluster climax . It 's a good film too see if you need to fill your night but with out Weisz 's game performance to push this film forward , the film would have been as interesting as an late night infomercial .
 Questionable adaptation of the comic book Hellblazer has of all the people Keanu Reeves playing the role of supernatural misfit John Constantine who is trying to save the world from a conspiracy to bring fourth the son of Satan , who is trying to enter the earth . The huge problem that this film has is of course Keanu Reeves , who is miscast to the point of the film becoming a joke and the screenplay is way too incoherent to understand most of the things that are happening in the film . The lackluster dialog seem more like a USA cable film that a real movie that was releases in the theaters and the special effects do n't hold any ground what so ever and they get repetitive after a while , losing most of it 's attended impact along the way . Some of the other actors in the film do n't even seem to care about their performances with the excerption of Rachel Weisz , whose game and way too good for this type of film performance does more for the film than it should have . She actually makes you care and understand her character and makes her a real three dimensional person who you would have liked know more about and follow instead of the tissue paper dimensional character of John Constantine and his fellow lackeys . Another actor who does way more than he should have is Djimon Hounsou and he does not have enough screen time to make a better impact as well as Peter Stormare , who great interpretation of the King of Darkness is just in the movie for about four minutes.If you want to see it , see it for the game performance of Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou and Peter Stormare because other than their performances , there is really nothing here to see .
 If the Matrix And the Exorcist got together and had a baby and it came out as a turd then that would be this movie . Terrible acting , the worst script this side of Reefer Madness , and an unplausible plot revolving around -LRB- sigh -RRB- the Devil , a hippy-dressing angel , and a holy artifact found in -LRB- What ! -RRB- Mexico ? The only thing realistic about that was how easy it is for illegals to cross the border . Now , everyone put their forearms together and repeat after me
 Horrible and down right degrading adaptation of the comic book is a mishmash of stupidly masquerading as a film . Keanu Reeves should turn in his SAG card for his horrible performance and somebody should find the screenwriters of this movie and give them a good butt kicking for the horrible script they wrote . The direction is decent but it depends on the special effects way too much to tell its story and most of the special effects are not done very well anyway . Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare are the only actors in the entire cast who give good performances and that 's because they both do more with their characters than the script tries to do . Weisz gives a strength and humanity to her role while Stormare gives his brief but memorable role a touch of menace and camp . Too bad nether of them were not the leads in this film because I think the movie would have been much better if that was the case . Unfortunately , we have Keanu parading around in full matrix mold with a story that is as thin as tissue paper .
 Horrible Keanu Reeves 's movie is a real disaster of epic proportion with Reeves perhaps giving the worse performance of his career with a character that is as one-dimensional as they come . I do n't know if he was trying to copy Clint Eastwood 's delivery from Dirty Harry but he 's comes across as a parody of that character and he makes the film into a mockery with it . The special effects are lackluster and the screenplay is a joke with atrocious dialog that almost painful to the ears . Some characters and subplots do n't really coincide with the overall story and the last fifteen minutes of the film makes absolutely no sense at all . Rachel Weisz does give too much to this movie with a complicate and deep performance that is way too mature and complex for this film . She almost single handedly redeems the movie but while she is doing her part in covering up the many flaws this movie has , the movie itself has way too many for even her great talent to forgive.Avoid .
 Degrading and down right morbid horror movie that is more in tune with The Rocky Horror Picture Show than the comic book that it 's based on . Keanu Reeves was just terrible as the lead character and he should be banned from ever acting again . Sadly , his performance was not the worse in the movie . That honor goes to the transvestite who plays the angel Gabriel , who looks like a reject from a John Walters movie . Her performance is beyond bad and along with the embarrassing performance of the guy who plays a gay devil make this one of the worse films to ever come out of a mainstream studio . The only and I do mean only good performance that comes out of this waste of film stock is from Rachel Weisz and her performance is so good in fact that in makes the movie uneven because you feel like you 're watching a better movie with her on the screen instead of the garbage that is right in front of you . You actually begin to feel sorry for her after a while and hope that she and her character was able to escape the movie all together.May become a cult classic but it deserves the Mystery Science Theater 3000 treatment more .
 Pretty bad horror thriller that insults the audience more than it entertains with a screenplay that feels like a rough outline of a story instead of an actually screenplay for a movie and some pretty unimpressive special effects and bad performances . I think Keanu Reeves is a pretty good actor but his performance here was less than desirable and he does not come across well at all . I think it 's more the fault of the screenplay more than his effort because most of the actors in the film do n't come across well at all with the exception of Rachel Weisz , who is not only the strongest actor in the film but the only actor that manages to transcend the horrible script with a gritty and complex performance that is way too mature for a film of this nature . If the movie was as good as her performance , it would have been a great film hands down but with only Rachel Weisz being able do to more with her character and her performance than the movie does with itself as a whole , her performance is the only good thing this movie really has . The rest of the film not only does not know what it wants to do with itself but also does not have a real narrative to steer the film to where it wants and needs to go . You end up more confused with the film 's purpose other than to have any solid storytelling to keep you interested in what is going on and that where the major problem lies because you end up in the same place you started when the film ends where you were in the beginning and that 's not the way any movie should treat its audience
 Dumb horror thriller that not only does not make any sense what so ever but also has some of the worse acting ever by Keanu Reeves , who should not be in the film in the first place considering how bad he was in the main role . The only redeeming piece of acting in the whole movie comes from Rachel Weisz but she is literally alone in that reality while most of the actors involved look like they either were sleep walking in there roles or they did not want to be there in the first place . Peter Stormare was great as well but he 's only in the last five minutes of the film and his role is really a bit part . I just found out recently that the characters were based on a comic book called Hellblazer judging by the free comic that came with the DVD and that little comic book was better written and better plotted than the main movie itself . Too bad the movie was not based around that book instead of the mess we have in this film . That would have been a cool film to see other than the garbage that is this film .
 Awful and down right degrading horror freak show that has Keanu Reeves redoing his Matrix role for a supernatural tale that makes no sense in what it was trying to accomplish . The screenwriters of this film look like they were making all of this up while they were going along and the cinematography is murky at best . Not even the special effects were up to what they are in terms of what is standard now and you can see how bad they look once you see some of the demons are in the light . Some of the acting is very good with Rachel Weisz doing much more than she should have for this movie but the movie falls on the shoulders of Keanu Reeves and he rather be Neo than a real character.Wait for Video instead of paying for it .
 Dreary action thriller that would like you to believe that its about something when it 's really about nothing . Keanu Reeves gives another one of his great wooden performance as a supernatural detective who helps a cop -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- try to solve apparent suicide of her twin sister unknowing of the dark forces that are at work . Safe to say that Keanu is ready to save the world again but when he does it , you do n't believe a single thing he does because you do n't believe him in the role . The movie would have been better served if they got an actor who would have played the role a bit more maturely and with a bit more feeling but Reeves just seem more like a cry baby than a man who know what he is doing and he just does not come across well in the role . The script unfortunately adds fuel to the fire with its unfocused story and lousy lines of dialog , which is literally over juvenile for a movie that has such dark themes . The direction also adds nothing in terms of helping the movie out of its dilemma with way too many unfocused shots and too many unnecessary scenes that adds nothing to the movie at all.There is some good in this movie and it comes from Rachel Weisz , who gives the movie 's only stellar performance . She 's so good that you feel like you 're watching a better movie with her on the screen while you know deep down that the movie is not as good as her performance . Another good performance comes from Peter Stormare who is criminally underused in a bit part as the devil himself . His performance is ten times more potent than the lousy performance of Keanu Reeves as the lead and he 's only in the film for about five minutes.I do n't know exactly what went wrong with this film but if the producers of the movie wanted to make a better film , they just could have cut Keanu out all together and just focus on the great performance of Weisz and Stormare . Add a director who knows what he is doing and a script that makes sense and you have a great movie there . This movie unfortunately is not very good and you can thank Keanu and the director for that .
 Mediocre horror film that not only has one of the worse stories ever written for a film of this nature but has some of the worse dialog as well . The direction by first time director Frances Lawrence has promise but he lacks the professionalism to keep this movie from falling part from its own stupidity and he lacks the experience to put on a better show . Keanu Reeves is so miscast to point that it 's almost painful to watch him on screen and the way he plays the character is so annoying that you just end up looking away from him because of his bad performance . They are much better actors in the film that do make lemonade out of lemons with Rachel Weisz making this movie bearable with her great and game performance and Peter Stormare , who gives way too much class to his small role which does far more for the film than Keanu and most of the cast combine.See the film for Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare who do try their best with the bad material they both had to work with and they both almost succeed in making you forget how bad the movie really is . Other then their efforts though , this is still not a good movie and I suggest you wait for cable instead .
 _ Constantine _ is a blasphemous occult movie starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine , a suicide trapped between heaven and hell , and Rachel Weisz as his side-kick , the sister of a suicide and possessor of occult powers , which fails to deliver . The movie presents itself as religious farce , but is simply too disconnected to achieve anything even remotely resembling coherence . We are led to believe that demons actively battle angels on earth ; yet , at the same time we are told that they can not cross over . We are provided with disconnected images involving various occult practices , including the use of water as an occult lubricant to facilitate travel to the other world , as well as the use of an old electric chair , formerly used to fry criminals , now used to achieve occult transcendence . The journeys of the main character to hell are unconvincing , and the plot is virtually nonexistent . Apparently , the Spear of Longinus , the spear used to pierce the side of Christ as he lay dying on the Cross and believed to give its bearer control over the destiny of the world , makes an appearance ; however , the role of this occult relic in the main storyline seems contrived . The movie claims to be based on Catholic theology , but entirely neglects the role of Purgatory in the process of Salvation . Lucifer also makes an appearance , but his bare-footed character is not at all how I would imagine the Prince of Darkness . God does not appear in this movie ! As others have noted , about the only thing redeeming this movie at all is the performance of Rachel Weisz . She does a great job , but unfortunately the rest of this movie is so much hodge-podge glued together that it fails to deliver .
 I saw this film up here in Boston the other night and it was pretty bad . The special effects are not done well and The monsters look ok but I have seen better . When you look at them up close , they lose their impact because you can see that they are computer generated and they are badly done to boot . The hell version of earth is fine but it gets repetitive after a while and it also loses its impact after multiple viewing.As for the acting , Keanu Reeves was the wrong choice to play this role . He comes off really bad in some scenes of the film and he looks like a chump next to his fellow actors . Rachel Weisz , who I agree with most who have written their views is the best thing in this movie and the reason why is the fact that she actually gives more to her character than the script does , which basically give her and everyone around her some of the worse dialog I have heard in some time . I wanted to know more about her and her sister and liked the way that she handled the things happing in the film because she dealt with them in a realistic way , unlike Keanu who was doing a really bad Bogart imitation . I felt bad for her because her performance is better than what the movie deserved and the film really does not do her performance any justice . An another actor who gets shafted is Djimon Hounsou , who is ten times the actor Keanu is but is reduced to playing a witch doctor that owns a nightclub full of Demons and Angels . The rest of the film is reduced in the last half to a post matrix like atmosphere than goes against what the movie set up hour before and the loopholes in logic with the story brings the last fifteen of the movie minutes to a grinding halt.It 's a bad movie and it deserves the word of mouth .
 Dumb down adaptation to the great vertigo horror comic book lacks the flare and the heart of the book and dumbs down the subject matter in order to please Keanu Reeves 's fan base . Keanu ca n't act if his life depended on it and the script is not worth its weight of tissue paper . The acting by most of the cast is almost as bad as Keanu 's with the excerption of Rachel Weisz , who gives the only real and compelling performance in the entire movie and to Djimon Hounsou , who is the only actor in the film who does his comic book character justice . Other than their performances , the movie is not worth your time .
 Dreary action thriller that would like you to believe that its about something when it 's really about nothing . Keanu Reeves gives another one of his great wooden performance as a supernatural detective who helps a cop -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- try to solve apparent suicide of her twin sister unknowing of the dark forces that are at work . Safe to say that Keanu is ready to save the world again but when he does it , you do n't believe a single thing he does because you do n't believe him in the role . The movie would have been better served if they got an actor who would have played the role a bit more maturely and with a bit more feeling but Reeves just seem more like a cry baby than a man who know what he is doing and he just does not come across well in the role . The script unfortunately adds fuel to the fire with its unfocused story and lousy lines of dialog , which is literally over juvenile for a movie that has such dark themes . The direction also adds nothing in terms of helping the movie out of its dilemma with way too many unfocused shots and too many unnecessary scenes that adds nothing to the movie at all.There is some good in this movie and it comes from Rachel Weisz , who gives the movie 's only stellar performance . She 's so good that you feel like you 're watching a better movie with her on the screen while you know deep down that the movie is not as good as her performance . Another good performance comes from Peter Stormare who is criminally underused in a bit part as the devil himself . His performance is ten times more potent than the lousy performance of Keanu Reeves as the lead and he 's only in the film for about five minutes.I do n't know exactly what went wrong with this film but if the producers of the movie wanted to make a better film , they just could have cut Keanu out all together and just focus on the great performance of Weisz and Stormare . Add a director who knows what he is doing and a script that makes sense and you have a great movie there . This movie unfortunately is not very good and you can thank Keanu and the director for that .
 Dumb , very dumb supernatural thriller that lacks a lot of brains and a credible leading man . Keanu Reeves literally sucks this movie dried with his lack of talent and makes every thing about the movie into a very bad and cruel joke . The director ca n't even stage a scene with tension and some parts of the movie are very dark to even see what is happening from time to time . The script is horrible with some of the worse dialog imaginable and the special effects are pretty bad . The only thing that this movie has going for it is the performances of Rachel Weisz , who gives the movie more class and dignity that it does not deserve and Peter Stormare , who does more with his small role than Keanu does with his main character.If it were not for Weisz and Stormare , I probably would have walked right out of the theater , that 's how bad the rest of the movie was .
 If you 're looking for good movies to watch , do n't waste your time and money with this one , I mean it 's so stupid , boring , bad acting , all the movie is awful that 's all what I can tell you
 It 's one of the worst movies starting Keanu Reeves . The plot is ridiculous . The special effects are below par . There 's no suspense nor horror here .
 Score , camera , story , special effects , acting - all are equally horrible . This is so godawful it cries out for a cult following . In the first minutes one sees excerpts from The Matrix , the Exorcist , Omen and countless others of this genre . Only this time there is no coherent plot.Start with a story so utterly illogical that even attempted explanations by other viewers -LRB- each had a different take -RRB- failed to break the puzzle ... what in the world was it about ? Reeves , the Buddhist , as a wayward exorcist was about as believable as Howdy Doody in the role of Einstein . Some of the scenes were so embarrassing I actually cringed and can imagine the number of takes it took to complete without laughter.Is it God vs Satan , God 's son vs Satan 's son , demons vs angels or `` half breeds '' vs people ? The film suggest a combination of each . Try to forget the androgynous Saint Michael , a closet nutcase ? Same for Mr. Voodoo , the young assistant -LRB- who is killed off in the end -RRB- or the worst actor in history , the phony priest . His death scene evoked gales of laughter . Nothing makes sense - the suicides , `` seeing things '' , the visits to Hell -LRB- lifted out of the Terminator -RRB- , the `` secret '' underground world is about as hidden as a full moon . The love story is yet another disaster as is the absurd device of dying by lung cancer . How trite can you get ? With this movie , nothing is sacred.Even the CGI was muddled . Despite the horror one could get bored at what has surely been seen a thousand times . I would gladly recommended this to captured terrorists but fear it would be ruled as `` cruel and unusual punishment '' .
 Very stupid adaptation of the DC horror comic book not only lacks brains but also a lacks an actor who can pull off the complex role of John Constantine . Keanu Revees is gravely miscast as John Constantine , which is a shame because Reeves could have pulled off the role but with a screenplay that is so badly written , Keanu does not come out looking good at all and makes an complete fool out of himself in the process . Only Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou manages to pull though this mess with their dignity intact and that 's manly because they bring far too much acting talent to this badly made film . I suggest you see it for Weisz and Hounsou because they are the only good things about this bad movie .
 Disappointing horror movie that lacks the scares and the tension and inserts a sense of humor that falls flat most of the time . Keanu Reeves is miscast as the hard-boiled Detective John Constantine and his acting is really laughable and down right bad . A better actor could have pulled off the role but the script is a mess in terms of it 's narrative and certain things just do n't gel in logic and common sense . His co-star Rachel Weisz gives a better performance and is one of the few good things that this movie has to offer . Her performance is much better than the film and she deserves better than the horrible script she has to work with . Djimon Hounsou is ok but under used , Shia LaBeouf , do n't asked and Peter Stormare is fine for the five minutes his on screen but he does over do it a bit with his role . The special effects are fine but not earth shattering and it could have been better.See it if you have nothing to do .
 Super dumb and poorly shot , Constantine fails on so many levels . For one Keanu Reeves is miscast and his performance is rather dull . Keanu 's delivery of his lines are so bad in certain points of the film that you are actually grinning your teeth at him for most of the film . Second the script is horribly written and the direction is so clunky that you are actually are staring at walls for certain scenes other than seeing the actor in front of you act . The only thing in the film that is note worthy is Rachel Weisz ` s performance and that 's because she at least tries to bring a real sense of strong will and bravado to her role but outside of her game and too good to be in this film performance , the rest of the film is literally a disaster.Worth a look to see Rachel Weisz give another great performance but I suggest you rent a better film with her in it other than to waste your time with a movie that is really not as good as her performance .
 What a terrible movie , Reeves is just horrible and boring in this role.Maybe a spectacle for the kids but I think this film would put most inteligent adults to sleep or just prompt them to hit the eject button.Watching this really is like a trip into hell !!
 This is a Bad movie from start to finish.Perhaps the trend of tranfering comix books into big screenmovies has begun to play itself out . And its time for Hollywoodto find some fresh material to use.In my estamation this movie was poorly concieved and directed . I 've have read one or two of the Hellbound books . They arefairly good . -LRB- If your into catholic guilt that is ! -RRB- But sometimes whats just so so on paper , can be really goodon film . I was hoping this would be so with Constantine.Sadly I was mistaken . Keanue Reeves performance was nothing more that a wise cracking version of his charicter in the Matrix.I have two suggestions .1 . Save your money and buy or rent much better movies.Such as the oringinal 60 's film `` The Haunting '' with Julie Harrisand Claire Bloom . or `` Rosemarie 's Baby '' with Mia Farrell.Or the overlooked mid 70 's flick `` The Sentinal '' .2 . Please Keanue , find yourself some better roles . and get outof the `` Matrix '' !
 For starters , I want to say that I have never read Hellblazer 's comic books - although I should have , since John Constantine is a product of Alan Moore 's mind - so I 'm not biased to criticize this movie based on the comic book series . This review is about the movie , and only the movie.I think Keanu Reeves is one of the worst mainstream Holywood actors - `` The devil 's advocate '' is there to prove it - but after viewing the trailler of `` Constantine '' I intended to watch the movie , because battles between Heaven and Hell , CGI demons and , most of all , Rachel Weisz - I 'll watch anything when she ` s cast - have always attracted my attention.The trailler is great - maybe because Keanu Reeves ' only lines are the whispering `` This is Constantine ... John Constantine ... '' - but the movie is a only a pale shadow of what 's shown in the teaser . OK , there are some good visuals , the images of Hell are interesting and Miss Weisz is as beautiful as ever , and a competent actress also , carrying the weight of this flop in her back alone . But the good things stop there . The script is pathetic . There 's no story . There 's no final confrontation . Worst of all , there 's no battle between Heaven and Hell , or Good and Evil . Character development is nill . We only know that Constantine ... John Constantine has been to Hell and came back , and he 's trying to beat the world record of most cigarretes smoked in a movie -LRB- record presently shared by William Hurt and Mel Gibson -RRB- . That Chas character was pitiful , an expendable sidekick used to make the audience go mad at the Devil 's son 's harsh intentions . I do n't remember any other characters . Oh , yes , the drunk priest and the voodoo club owner . And Tilda Swinton as the archangel Gabriel . Nevermind . Acting is completely lame - with the exception of Rachel Weisz . Keanu Reeves does the best that he can do , which is close to nothing . The Neo thing , I guess . The worst of all is Peter Stormare portraying the Devil like a circus buffoon . Even the visual effects are bad . Two ro three scenes at most , and they 're all displayed in the trailler.Anyway , this movie is not good . This is no way to spend a hundred million dollars . I can understand Hallblazer 's fans anger towards this movie . There 's very little to be praised in `` Constantine '' . I would n't recommend it to anyone.Grade 3.5 / 10
 Somethings Just are n't Worth reviewing ... This is one of Them ! Run from this feature ! I could n't even finish watching it and I love Demon movies ! If U thought `` Lost Souls '' was bad it is a revalation compared to this !
 Pretty bad and confusing horror movie that has Keanu Reeves trying to come across as an man with a holy mission but only ends up making an fool out of himself though out the entire film with a character that has no redeeming qualities what so ever . You do n't really give a damn about him or his problems and you actually want him to get hurt because he 's such a jerk . The female cop -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- who is following him during the course of the entire movie is a better character than he is and a much better actor as well . She 's at least made me want to sit though the entire movie to see what will happen with her character while I was hoping for Keanu to get killed off in a very brutal way . Shia LaBeouf is also good and that 's because he 's not in the movie that much and he 's not as annoying as he was in I Robot . The guy who played Papa Midnight was also good but he 's not in the movie that much as well . The bad guys did not do much other than try to look menacing in all their digital glory and the pay off of the film is rather hooky . The story is good but the screenplay feels like it was rewritten several times because some of the actions of the characters seem sporadic in certain scenes of the film and the film is just way too dark to see a lot of what is going on right in front of you . The visual effects are good for what is expected and certain scenes do hold a resonance but that 's really it . I hold much respect for the efforts made by Rachel Weisz , the guy who played Papa Midnight and to a lesser degree Shia LaBeouf -LRB- a little of him does go along way -RRB- But Keanu Reeves fumbles really bad in his role and let them and the audience down with a performance that will probably be a pinnacle of his career .
 Viewed
 Bad movie . Bad acting . Confusing . Boring . Worth a rental at best .
 I suppose if I were a teenager again , this movie would be scary and I could entertain the idea of , `` What if the premise of the movie was real ? '' , but I am too mature for that kind of nonsense and there is nothing believable about this movie , especially the acting by Keanu Reeves . Every single movie that Keanu has been in , he has displayed the same exact mannerisms , stoic expressions , and delivery . The only Keanu cliche acting that was not used in this movie was the very well worn out , `` Whoa ! '' . Even the camera movements looked and felt like they were copied from The Matrix . Keanu is a very lucky person because he has always been in demand for the kind of these kind of movies that he has been typecast into and he has become a teenage cult figure . But in my mind , he just would never be believable in any other acting role , for example , Rachel Weisz is the exact opposite of Keanu in acting ability . She has an emotional depth and expression that makes her look and feel so alive , while Keanu has the emotional depth of a spoon . Keanu 's apparently bad acting is distracting and ruins the movie.Since the special effects are good and the storyline is okay , I decided to give this movie at least one star . I like `` demons exist '' and afterlife movies because of the psychology of belief , not because they are credible , and this movie does not disappoint me in that regard . I would recommend this movie for teenagers , but not for adults -- unless you are like me and like collecting these kind of things , even if they are not very good .
 What do you get when you have an actor who ca n't act , a director who ca n't direct and a script that is so badly written that you will be laughing your head off at the same time you are throwing up at the pure stupidity of it ? You get one of the worse movies ever made . Keanu Reeves performance in this film is so bad , it makes his Bill and Ted movies look Oscar worthy . The direction from first time Director Frances Lawrence is flat out horrible with lousy direction and murky cinematography and the script is so badly written that you are really surprise by what you are hearing from the actors ' mouths from time to time . Out Of all the actors involved only Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare are able to come out of this horrible film with their dignity intact with good performances that this film really did not deserved . Other than Weisz and Stormare , almost everybody involved should hang their heads in shame for making such a bad movie .
 Mediocre Matrix rip off with a twist finds poor Keanu Reeves trying to rip off his own series with a supernatural tale that has one bad clich&eacute; after the next and doing a really bad job on top of that . . The director barely scrapes by with the bad script that everybody had to work with and the special effects are sub par for a movie of this size . I agree with the majority who wrote that only Rachel Weisz is fine here with a better than this film deserved performance but other than her effort , the movie just is not worth your time.Avoid , it 's really that bad .
 Dull , loud and boring adaptation of the classic horror comic book lacks a real leading man for the movie to fly with its bad script and almost as bad special effects . While Keanu fails miserably in his role , his co-star Rachel Weisz does more for this movie than the movie does for her , giving her character a real sense of grace and strong will despite the lousy dialog , badly written characters and insane plot clich&eacute;s that is surrounding her during the course of the movie . Weisz 's performance alone is worth the price of the movie ticket but other than her , there is really no reason rush to see the bad film.My Suggestion ? Wait for DVD .
 Dull supernatural thriller than has Keanu Reeves playing a modern day ghost buster who helps a police detective -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- in a race against time to prevent the end of the world . Now this is an interesting premise but the biggest problem this film faces in the casting of Keanu Reeves , who is miscast to the hill . It also does not help that his performance is as wooden as ever in this film , not to mention the fact that his character is more of a selfish jerk than a person that you can root for and not to mention the fact that he is also the most underwritten character in the entire movie . You do n't really care about him at all and you really do n't want to spend any more time with him as well . His leading lady Rachel Weisz steals the movie from right under him and the rest of the so-so cast with a tight and strait forward performance that is soulful and gripping but the movie unfortunately is not as deep as her performance and it titers between juvenile and self parody . The screenplay at one point of the film does an about face and contradicts all that was explain earlier in order for certain thing to just happen for the sake of the climax , which is not very good to begin with.If you want to see it , you will not be disappointed with the great performance of Rachel Weisz but you will be disappointed with the movie as a whole .
 Shallow and empty horror movie that manages to lower your I.Q. while you are watching it with a flat out horrible performance by Keanu Reeves , who manages to make his matrix performances look Oscar worthy by comparison . The direction by first time director Frances Lawrence lacks passion for the material and not to mention professionalism and the script is by far the most offensive thing in the entire film with a very confusing story line that does not make much sense and some pretty incredible bad dialog . My heart goes out to some of the good actors in this film , who does bring their amazing talent to this waste of celluloid especially Rachel Weisz , who manages to overcome the very bad script to give a tight and powerful performance that the movie clearly does not deserved . The one star in this review goes to her for her valiant effort to give a good performance despite the horrible script and her retarded leading man .
 Horrible Keanu Reeves 's movie is a real disaster of epic proportion with Reeves perhaps giving the worse performance of his career with a character that is as one-dimensional as they come . I do n't know if he was trying to copy Clint Eastwood 's delivery from Dirty Harry but he 's comes across as a parody of that character and he makes the film into a mockery with it . The special effects are lackluster and the screenplay is a joke with atrocious dialog that almost painful to the ears . Some characters and subplots do n't really coincide with the overall story and the last fifteen minutes of the film makes absolutely no sense at all . Rachel Weisz does give too much to this movie with a complicate and deep performance that is way too mature and complex for this film . She almost single handedly redeems the movie but while she is doing her part in covering up the many flaws this movie has , the movie itself has way too many for even her great talent to forgive .
 Horrible Keanu Reeves thriller is with out a doubt one of his worse films . Keanu is miscast in this supernatural clunker of a film and the script is almost non existent . The special effects were terrible and most the direction lacks professionalism . I agree with the majority that Rachel Weisz is the movies only saving grace and she 's so good that I really felt sorry for her for even being the movie . Her performance makes the movie better than what it really was and that 's a miracle in itself considering the fact that the film is almost too bad to watch . Unfortunately , her performance is the only thing that this movie really has to offer and it gets put in the background while the director and Keanu try to rehash the Matrix films into a supernatural thriller that has no qualms in insulting the audience with it 's lack of substance and plot.Avoid .
 Shameful attempt at a hybrid of horror , action and suspends that cast Keanu Reeves as occult detective John Constantine in an adaptation of the vertigo comic book that loses it 's edge and goes for the gusto in flat out stupidly with a boring acting turn by Keanu Reeves who just does not come across well in the role . The story just makes no sense at all and feels like it needed a good rewrite for everything to truly come together and the direction just does help move things along . Other than the great scene in which Rachel Weisz get torn out of a building , most of the special effects are not very good and could have been improved during post production . As for the rest of the actors , only Rachel Weisz manages to give a compelling performance despite the bad script in which she had to work with and Peter Stormare does a great five minute walk on as prince of darkness . Nether of them however can save this runaway train that should have been checked before it left the tracks .
 video would not play in either my 3 dvd players so i ordered another video from someone else . the dvd was n't van helsing . the dvd was constantine and it was fubar . so what is your idea of correcting the bad dvd i received .
 Dull , loud and boring adaptation of the classic horror comic book lacks a real leading man for the movie to fly with its bad script and almost as bad special effects . While Keanu fails miserably in his role , his co-star Rachel Weisz does more with hers than the actual movie does , giving her character a real sense of grace and strong will despite the lousy dialog , Badly written characters and insane plot clich&eacute;s that is surrounding her during the course of the movie . Weisz 's performance alone is worth the price of the rental but other than her , there is really no reason rush to see the bad film .
 Horrible adaptation of the vertigo comic book is not only a smack in the face of the followers of the book with a flat out moronic screenplay that takes all the good out of the comic but also has the worse actor to play the title role of John Constantine . Keanu Reeves not only makes the role into a joke with his lack of talent but makes everyone around him look bad as well . The cinematography is ugly , making the movie a real eye sour and the special effects lack a certain feel to it . Out of the entire cast , only Rachel Weisz comes out with her dignity intact with a very good performance that the movie squanders in order to let Keanu act like a darker version of his NEO character towards the latter half of the film . They should have taken the material seriously and made a great horror movie out of it but instead , we have a children 's movie that geared to Matrix heads.Avoid this film like the plague .
 Terrible action/horror movie that puts on a lot of hot air but lacks a lot of brains and substance to pull off the story its trying to tell . Keanu Reeves was just the wrong man for the job and his performance is that bad . You just want to smash his faces of the people who though that he was right for this kind of role . You just do n't take him seriously and you end up laughing at him more than being intrigue by his character . His co-star Rachel Weisz not only has a more interesting character than he does but is 100 times more the actor he could ever hope to be . She not only gives the film 's best performance -LRB- a performance that has more life and complexity than the film itself -RRB- but is the films only redeeming quality . You actually want to spend more time with her character and pick her brain on the life she have lived and the sister she has forgotten instead of the mindless dribble that the film because after the second act . Her story would have made a much better and scarier horror movie but of course this is a Keanu Reeves movie , and we have to suffer with a script and a director who will cater to his limited needs as an actor . The director has some talent with visuals but he has no idea on how to put a actual film together and the screenplay is so unfocused that you really have no idea on what is going on from time to time.Worth a look for Weisz 's efforts but do n't hold out hope for a film as good as she was
 Bland rip off of a great comic book not only puts the worse actor imaginable for the main character but has a script that is almost a crime in itself . The dialog is so bad that it would even make deaf children cry and the special effects are not as good as one might hope . Some of the acting is great and that 's a great feat in itself because of how bad the script is . Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou and Tilda Swinton do great work here and for that , people should be grateful for but it 's still Keanu 's film and he still torpedo it with a lousy performance that is in tune with the lousy script it has.If this is the best they have to offer for the fans of the comic book , then take it back .
 Terrible Keanu Reeves supernatural epic that even makes the last two matrix films look like masterpieces compared to it . Keanu does give the worse performance of his career with this turkey and the film itself is almost as bad as his performance with sloppy dialog and lackluster special effects . Rachel Weisz literally gives the only good performance in the entire movie and that 's really because she is the only professional actor in it . The rest of the cast is made up of no name actors who make Keanu look like a genius in the acting profession.See it if you are desperate for entertainment or ca n't get a date .
 Super dumb Keanu Reeves horror film lacks the mind bending fun of the matrix movies and has instead a lackluster core that makes this film as hollow as a helium balloon . Keanu gives a very tired and unsparing performance that does drag the movie down most of the time and the script lacks a voice . The second half of the film manages to go against what the first half establishes and the last thirty minutes absolutely makes no sense what so ever because it has a certain revelation that makes no sense what so ever and leave you wondering on what the hell just happen . The rest of the cast is solid with great performances by Rachel Weisz , Djimon Hounsou and Peter Stormare which the film does not expand on and the script does not give more time to because it only wants to focus its energies on Keanu 's bad attitude than the real actors that are in the film.What a shame .
 Dimwitted supernatural thriller that is a major bore for the most partwith a dimwitted performance by Keanu Reeves , who is miscast in themain role and a screenplay that is as stupid as it can be . A lot hasbeen said about Rachel Weisz being the only good thing that this moviehas to offer and I will agree with that assessment because she doesmake you care about what is going on with the movie while you aretrying to figure out a way to care about the dumb story that is beingtold . Weisz 's performance is much too rich and powerful for a movielike this and she gives you a reason to stick around while in essencethere is no reason to even stay till the end . Hellboy was a masterpiececompared to this and that was marginal decent for what it was at thevery best.For Weisz 's rich and powerful performance , I give the movie one star.If she were not in the movie , my rating would be in the negative numbers
 Unimaginative supernatural horror thriller that rather treat the audience like idiots than to give them a story with any meaning . Keanu Reeves lacks the acting chops to pull off his character 's moral dilemma and the screenplay lacks credibility with its juvenile dialog and halfhearted views on the subject that it 's trying to cover . It 's more and less a big budget version of the television show `` Angel '' but with out it 's cleaver writing or it 's interesting look at the war between Good versus Evil . The direction by first time director Frances Lawrence lacks coherency and certain scenes do n't jell in terms of narrative . The only actors in the movie who manages to transient the bad script and misdirection of the director is Rachel Weisz , who does give the movie 's only compelling performance and the great Peter Stourmare whose five minute cameo as the devil has more meat than the main character himself . Weisz and Stormare are about the only positive things that come out of this supernatural debacle and if the studio wanted to make good movie , they could have just focus their energies at Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare and have the movie revolved around their characters instead of the uninspired character of John Constantine and could have made a real and scary supernatural thriller.Too bad that it 's the audience who have a better imagination that the people who made this film
 So bad its funny adaptation of the Comic book Hellblazer is such a multi-car wreck that it 's almost too bad to watch . Keanu Reeves is so bad in the role that he should be a comedian instead of an actor because almost all of his scenes in this film are funny . His deliveries of his lines are so bad that you can come up with better lines before he 's able to say the dialog . He demeanor borders on stupidly and he 's even upstage by the special effects , which are not very good to begin with . It also does not help when you have a script that is so unfocused and so badly written that you as a audience member ca n't suspend disbelief on what is going on right in front of you while you are watching it . It 's tries to be a cool version of the Exorcist but ends up being more like John Water 's Pink Flamingoes but with out the camp or the humor that movie had . There is a transsexual angel that causes the horrible climax of the movie to happen and a homosexual demon that has a grudge with our dumb hero but by the time we are introduce to him , almost everybody in the audience would have a personal grudge against Keanu character for how bad the movie has turn out.Surpassingly , there is some good to be found in this film and that 's mainly coming from the performance of Rachel Weisz , who is so good in this film that you end up wondering on why the movie turn out so bad in the first place . Weisz is such a strong and talented actor that she even kinds of makes you buy on what is going on with the story but that 's a uphill battle even for her great talent to succeed giving the fact that her co-star ca n't act if his life depended on it and the fact that the screenplay does not do her performance any justice . She 's the only rose in this big pile of crap that is worth watching and that 's pretty sad considering the fact that if you had a screenplay and a leading man to compliment her performance , this movie would have been much better off that it is now .
 Horrible Keanu Reeves action film that is as bad as the word of mouth suggests . Keanu was miscast and he gives the worse performance I have seen him give in quite a long time . He is so bad that he even makes the dumb script with the horrible dialog look good in comparison to his performance . The script is so poorly written that you will be astounded at the dialog that is spoken by the characters in this film and the plot really does not make a lot of sense once you try to put two and two together . Rachel Weisz does in fact give a riveting and haunting performance but she 's the only actor in the film who dares to give one while the rest of the actors in the film camp it up to the point of nausea . The visual effects are a let down compared to the films that have come out recently in the cinema and they get repetitive after a while . The direction is a joke with certain scenes that are shot so poorly that you have no idea on what is going on from scene to scene . A better director would have tried to make some sense on what was happing but this director only adds to the confusion that is already in the script . If you like to make fun of bad movies , then this movie is for you because other than Weisz 's gutsy and complex performance , the movie has nothing to offer in the form of real entertainment.Hats off to Rachel Weisz for at least doing her best with what was giving to her but I ca n't say the same for the movie itself .
 Really , really bad supernatural Keanu Reeves stinker with Keanu Revees giving a all time worse performance with a one dimensional character that is so annoying that you would want him to get killed off in a very painful way . The script makes no sense what so ever and the direction is a joke . The dialog is so poorly written that you ca n't really believe what you are hearing from time to time and the setting is so dark in places that you ca n't see damn thing from time to time . Of all the actors involved with this crappy film , Rachel Weisz has the hardest role in the film because not only does she have to make you care about what is happening with her story , she has to pick up all of Keanu 's acting slack in order for you to even feel something for his selfish and miserable character . She is like the majority of the reviews have said over and over again the best and only good thing about this movie . Another shot out goes to Peter Stormare , whose brief appearance as Satan is the only bright spot next to Weisz 's great performance that makes the movie somewhat watchable.Other than the efforts made by Weisz and Stormare , the movie is a huge misfire and not even their great performances could have saved it from itself.One star
 Keanu Reeves just walking through dialogue while trying to recall `` Devils Advocate '' is a polite way to critique this apocoliptic mess . I was bored to tears watching this . The makers must have been counting on the sound engineer to liven this thing up . Alot of swoops and loud annoying noises while everyones voice seems to be at a whisper or above -LRB- except for a few ridiculous shouts -RRB- . Wow the angel Gabriel really made sense , and yes I 'm being funny . Possibly some decent computer generated things , but its been done better before , or at least in a better film . A bunch of mish mosh with an even worst ending .
 Degrading and down right morbid horror movie that is more in tune with The Rocky Horror Picture Show than the comic book that it 's based on . Keanu Reeves was just terrible as the lead character and he should be banned from ever acting again . Sadly , his performance was not the worse in the movie . That honor goes to the transvestite who plays the angel Gabriel , who looks like a reject from a John Walters movie . Her performance is beyond bad and along with the embarrassing performance of the guy who plays a gay devil make this one of the worse films to ever come out of hollywood . The only and I do mean only good performance that comes out of this waste of film stock is from Rachel Weisz -LRB- Runaway Jury , Confidance -RRB- and her performance is so good in fact that in makes the movie uneven because you feel like you 're watching a better movie with her on the screen instead of the garbage that is right in front of you . You actually begin to feel sorry for her after a while and hope that she and her character was able to escape the movie all together.May become a cult classic but it deserves the Mystery Science Theater 3000 treatment more .
 Not only is it predictable , but the Catholic `` theology '' that constitutes a major plot point in this movie is all wrong . We hear throughout how suicide is a mortal sin , and suicides go straight to hell . Newsflash , scriptwriters
 This is the fault of the person in charge , not Keanu Reeves . The movie from day one was plague with problems concerning the people behind the scenes , who wanted to make kids film and the director , who really did not know what he was doing . Keanu tried is best with a script that was being change almost every day and I think he did well . I will admit that this is not his best performance and I would also agree with the majority of the reviews written that Rachel Weisz gave the best performance in the entire movie -LRB- she is that good -RRB- . If you want to put fault somewhere , put it on the producers and the director , they were the ones who messed up the movie for their own gain . Keanu did his best with what he had and he really did not have much thanks to the people in charge .
 Major league letdown of the comic book Hellblazer lacks the drama and horror of that book and put in a dumb sense of humor that not only does not fly but has a leading man that does not do his character any justice at all . I 'm not as hard as a lot of people are on Keanu Reeves because I think he has a certain charm to him but I have to agree with the majority that he is miscast in the role of John Constantine . He does not come across well and his brooding streak does not fit the character at all . He acts more like Batman than the charming and humorous John Constantine of the comic books and the performance he gives is not very good at all because of it . The story is not very compelling at all and it feels like it was rush into production with out a single rewrite to put things in order because everything feels like it has no structure at all . The special effects also feel rushed and certain scenes actually feel awkward because of the direction , which is not bad but could have been more original than it was . The ending of the film contradicts the beginning and the plot lines concerning certain characters especially John Constantine himself does n't really fit the movie at all . The only thing that worked in this film is the performance of Rachel Weisz , which not only kept the movie from spiraling into its own vat of stupidity but also made the movie a lot more compelling than it really was . Weisz gave this movie more dignity and substance than it deserved and her performance really does deserve a better movie than this because it 's the only real thing about the entire film . You actually believe in her character and her struggles with her own faith while you do n't buy the story that she is stuck in . Rachel Weisz truly deserves all the praise she has garnered for this film and our sympathy as well for being the only good thing about it.I do n't know what went wrong here but it 's not a good adaptation of the comic book and it that 's a major crime because the comic book is so much better than what this film was .
 Sub-standard action-horror movie that has all the makings of a good movie but lacks the right edge to push it forward . Keanu Reeves tries but fails in his role because of the way his character is written and not to mention the way he played his character as well . You actually think that he 's making a joke out of the film with his very bad Clint Eastwood imitation but he stays in that mold thou out the entire film and you just get sick of it after a while . You do n't care about him as a person at all and you just want to hit at some points of the film because of his stupidity . Anti-heroes have a reason for their behavior and have the right kind of sympathy for their characters as well for the audience to care about what they are doing but you really do n't care about Reeves character at all and you do n't give a damn about what happens to him because there is really no back story to hold what he is doing as reasonable . He 's actually not very important to the story at all and is just there to fill space . The movie actually could have worked better with Rachel Weisz 's character as the lead because she at the very least makes you care about what is happening with the film and what will happen with her character as well . Weisz not only deserves all the praise she has been getting from those who have seen the film but her performance is actually way too mature for this sloppy film to handle . She gives a very complex and sophisticated performance with a very deep rooted character that has more levels of reality than this movie has and that 's where the movie fails because it rather be a dumb special effects film than a mature horror movie that actually makes you think about what is going on . Weisz 's performance not on makes you think but makes you wish that you were seeing a better film with just her character in it . The story makes no sense at all because it contradicts itself on several occasions and has a couple of loose plot points that does not further the story at all . It also has a big revelation at the end that makes no sense what so ever and is not even hinted at doing the course of the first three-quarters of the film . There was a lot of potential for this to be an excellent film but with a very bad screenplay and a lackluster performance by Keanu Reeves , the film really had a up hill battle to be any good and in a sense , it is because of Rachel Weisz 's amazing performance but she is basically by herself in what is any good this movie really has .
 Pretty bad special effects opus that insults more than entertains with a script that is full of cliches and inconstancies . Keanu Reeves is a ok actor when he 's not faced with something challenging but he 's criminally miscast as the detective who has a hand on the pulse of the supernatural . His presence lacks credibility and the reading of his lines of painfully funny in the wrong kind of way . Rachel Weisz on the up side does more with her character than the movie does with itself , giving a haunting and powerful performance that is Way , WAY too good for this movie . Shia LaBeouf is alright but his overdoes his comedy stick way too much for his own good , making him more annoying than useful and Djimon Hounsou is criminally underused in a stereo type role and he 's way more talented than Keanu himself . The special effects were decent and some of the cinematography was great in showing the aspects of hell but with out a good a script or a real leading man , the movie is only held together by Weisz 's performance but she like the audience is let down by the climax , which really pulls the rest of the film apart and makes it into a three ring circus.Wait for DVD instead .
 Very boring horror movie that has Keanu Reeves playing a Sam Spade like occult investigator who helps a police officer in death of her twin sister . The story sounds simple enough but it get convoluted in all the supernatural happening that is going on and the screenplay really does not bother to explain itself in those occurrences . The special effects are good but some of them are repetitive and some visuals are not that well done . The acting is decent for a movie of this kind with Rachel Weisz proving once again to be one of the most versatile and talented actresses of her generation . Her performance is actually too good for this film because it demands a better showcase than this film . Her character is strong enough to hold this film by herself but with the inconsistent writing that is in the screenplay , she is reduced to carrying Keanu on her shoulders while he is trying to figure out on which film he 's in . Which leads to the film 's biggest problem and that is Keanu Reeves himself . He 's miscast in the role of John Constantine and a better actor would have been able to show more of his sides than Keanu was able to do . Keanu just comes a cross as a jerk and that would have been alright if he at least showed some humanity but Keanu ca n't balance that out and he just comes across really bad . A better actor would have done more but with Keanu , you really ca n't expect much and you do n't get anything here . That hurts the creditability that this movie had for the main character and it hurts the way you see the movie as a whole . The direction lacks focus and some scenes do n't hold well with the whole film.Worth a rental for Rachel Weisz 's great performance and some of the special effects but not worth owning
 Seriously mishandled horror thriller that had some of its chips in the right place but lacks the showmanship to pull it off . Keanu Reeves is a charismatic actor but his performance here misses the mark completely and noises dives into a brick wall . His performance lacks the presence that the character needs to make this story fly and that 's a dangerous thing considering the fact that he 's the lead in the film . The story itself makes no sense what so ever and the direction by Frances Lawrence is amateurish to say the least . By hearing the audio commentary by him on the DVD is to here a filmmaker who knows that he was in way over his head in directing this film and it shows by his bad decision making and his clear misunderstanding on what the movie really needed by his lack of experience . He copies more than he originates and lacks the understanding to know how to incorporate what he copied . Another factor that made this movie fail is the screenplay , that had no idea on what it was trying to say . It says one thing and then does a complete 360 degrees and does something completely different . It tries to be intelligent but ca n't hide the fact that it 's really trying to make a supernatural dirty harry film that lacks brains competence , and good writing . Its was supposed to be another Keanu Reeves franchise but unfortunately it makes the last two really bad matrix movies look like cinematic art.There are some good performances in this film that does try to respect the audience , and that 's manly from Rachel Weisz -LRB- The Shape of Things , The Constant Gardener -RRB- who gives the only real and strong performance in the entire film . Her performance is way too good for this film , that 's how powerful an actress she is and it deserved better than this . The next good performance belongs to Peter Stormare -LRB- Fargo , The Brothers Grim -RRB- whose interpretation of the devil is pretty inventive but he 's only in the last eight minutes in the film.What a shame that this movie could not have been any better because it has some potential especially with the stellar performances of Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare but with a director who was in over his head and a screenplay that had no idea on what it was doing , it 's no surprise on why this movie turn out this bad .
 Unimaginative thriller that pits Keanu Reeves on a mission from god in order for him to get entrance to heaven in order to escape from the clutches of eternal damnation . The story is not written too well , going back and forth between inconstant ideology to just flat out bad pulp dialog . It even does an about face and contradicts what was set up earlier in order to set up a lousy climax that makes everything into a bad and tasteless joke . Keanu Reeves is just wrong for the role and his delivery of his lines are criminally bad . His performance is with out a doubt his worse and he does not hold any credibility with his character . Rachel Weisz does give a great and giving performance that does hold your interest in the movie but other than her performance , the movie does not hold well in it 's narrative and Weisz is basically holding the audience interest by herself while the movie keeps fumbling away towards to pathetic end with one clich&eacute; after another . Peter Stormare is good as well in his small role as the devil but he 's not really in the movie at all and his performance is a lot more interesting than Keanu Reeves himself . I hold much respect for the effort made by Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare but other than their great performance , there is nothing here to see .
 I do n't know much about the comic but regardless of it , it 's still a really bad movie . Keanu Reeves is with out a doubt the worse actor we have around , giving a performance that kills this movie and kills a few brain cells along the way with hokey dialog and a story that goes no where . The only three actors who do make it out of the film with there dignity intact is Rachel Weisz , who I agree with almost everybody gives the films only great performance , Djmon Hounsou , who makes a more believable sorcerer than Keanu Reeves and Peter Stormare , who 's brief appearance does more for the climax than the stupid gun fight that rips off The Matrix.Too bad nether Weisz , Hounsou or Stormare could have saved this film , that 's how bad Keanu and the rest of the movie is .
 Constantine was a big disappointment to me . Unlike many other reviewers , I had never seen this in print . Reeves does a fair job in his role , but Rachel Weisz fails to deliver here . Her character is unconvincing and `` wooden '' . The story is a remix of story lines from other stories , and it fails to bring much that is fresh to the screen . The theology is strange , Satan looks like a retired guy from Florida , and the `` balance between good and evil '' rule seems contrived.The story was not compelling . I almost turned it off out of boredom .
 While I liked the overall packaged for this film -LRB- The behind the scenes information , the small comic book -RRB- The movie was really bad . Keanu Reeves did not cut it in the main role and the script was so badly written that you actually thought of better dialog in your head while you are watching it . I agree with a lot of what has been said about Rachel Weisz and her great performance but not even her great effort could have saved it from it 's own bad script and it 's really bad leading man.My one star review goes to Rachel Weisz and the slick DVD extras but the movie gets an no stars from me .
 Very bad horror movie that plays more like a video game than an actual film with Keanu Reeves doing his best but failing to bring any substance to his role and the rest of the actors failing as well thanks to the script , which is really badly written . Only Rachel Weisz come out of this mess with her dignity intact because she brings more to the movie and her role than she really needed to . Her performance is actually way better and much deeper than the movie itself and she and her character would have been better off as the lead in a better film than this because they are both the only real and complex thing about the entire movie . It 's like she 's the only real person in a computer-generated cartoon that should have been a real flesh and blood horror thriller instead.My one star review goes to Rachel Weisz 's effort in respecting herself as an actor and in respecting the audience with a great and intelligent performance . Too bad the rest of the film does not even try to make the effort she does in doing that .
 So bad its funny adaptation of the Comic book Hellblazer is such a multi-car wreck that it 's almost too bad to watch . Keanu Reeves is so bad in the role that he should be a comedian instead of an actor because almost all of his scenes in this film are funny . His deliveries of his lines are so bad that you can come up with better lines before he 's able to say the dialog . He demeanor borders on stupidly and he 's even upstage by the special effects , which are not very good to begin with . It also does not help when you have a script that is so unfocused and so badly written that you as a audience member ca n't suspend disbelief on what is going on right in front of you while you are watching it . It 's tries to be a cool version of the Exorcist but ends up being more like John Water 's Pink Flamingoes but with out the camp or the humor that movie had . There is a transsexual angel that causes the horrible climax of the movie to happen and a homosexual demon that has a grudge with our dumb hero but by the time we are introduce to him , almost everybody in the audience would have a personal grudge against Keanu character for how bad the movie has turn out.Surpassingly , there is some good to be found in this film and that 's mainly coming from the performance of Rachel Weisz , who is so good in this film that you end up wondering on why the movie turn out so bad in the first place . Weisz is such a strong and talented actor that she even kinds of makes you buy on what is going on with the story but that 's a uphill battle even for her great talent to succeed giving the fact that her co-star ca n't act if his life depended on it and the fact that the screenplay does not do her performance any justice . She 's the only rose in this big pile of crap that is worth watching and that 's pretty sad considering the fact that if you had a screenplay and a leading man to compliment her performance , this movie would have been much better off that it is now .
 I saw the Keanu Reeves supernatural horror film called Constantine last night up here in downtown Manhattan . To get to the point very quickly , the movie was a letdown . It tries to be a mixture of horror , suspends and action but it just ends up very uneven in it 's narrative and you just lose patience with it after while . Keanu Reeves is simply miscast in the lead role and he turns in a very tired and lackluster performance that does drag the movie down a lot . The character he plays is also a problem because he 's such a whiney jerk and you just really ca n't stand him at all . You are left wondering on why he 's even in the film in the first place because he character really adds nothing to the story other than the stereo typical climax where he flexes his muscles in order to fight the bad guys . The rest of the characters in the film do n't fair any better with the exception of Rachel Weisz , who manages to turn in a great performance despite having Keanu Reeves making a fool out of himself right next to her . She gives this movie a real sense of earthy realism and unnecessary creditability with a performance that deserved a better movie . Djmon Hounsou is decent in a glorified cameo that really does not use his talents to it 's full potential and Shia LaBeouf is doing his lame slapstick to the hill . I do have to say that the special effects were pretty good and the hell dimension had it 's charm but nether of them can compensate for a bad script that not only has some really bad dialog that makes some of the scenes in the film unintentional funny but has a plot development that makes no sense what so ever and has noting to do with the story as a whole . The movie has it 's good points , which is the performance of Rachel Weisz and the stunning special effects but the bad far out weight the good with a tired performance by Keanu Reeves , some unintentional funny scenes and a really bad script .
 So bad it 's funny horror film that has the worse leading man in recent history miscast in a very limited role . Keanu Reeves does not cut in the main role as a supernatural detective and he literally sinks this film with his talent or lack of if you know what I mean . Rachel Weisz does a lot more than she should have with her role and she does give this movie more respectability than it deserved with her great performance but the script does not do her any justice and she 's basically holding Keanu 's hand thou out the entire film and picking up his slack in the acting department as well . No actor should have to go thou that much but she does it with style and grace . She deserves the praise she is getting , as well as the sympathy for being the only good thing this movie has to offer . Another actor who does more with less is Peter Stormare who is only in the film for about 4 to 5 minutes but brings more to his role than Keanu does . Peter Stormare should have had a bigger role but he like Weisz is sideline with a story that has so many holes in it that you really have to try to understand what is going on from time to time and the dialog , which is so bad in certain parts that you are left with the impression that the screenwriters of this movie are ether children or very slow adults.If you want a good laugh , be my guess . The movie is that funny and you have to thank Keanu for that at the very least .
 Mediocre Matrix rip off with a twist finds poor Keanu Reeves trying to rip off his own series with a supernatural tale that has one bad clich&eacute; after the next and doing a really bad job on top of that . . The director barely scrapes by with the bad script that everybody had to work with and the special effects are sub par for a movie of this size . I agree with the majority who wrote that only Rachel Weisz is fine here with a better than this film deserved performance but other than her effort , the movie just is not worth your time.Avoid .
 Let me be frank ... half-breeds ? Come on ... What the heck was that about ... ? Overall , this movie was blasphemous , graphic , funny at some parts , interesting , and ... Catholic.The major upsides were the fact it had some pretty good `` cool guy '' lines every now and then as well as some pretty good visuals , but there were , of course , the downsides of blasphemy , confusing things like `` half-breeds '' that I do n't recall having any place in even the stories of demons -LRB- much less the harbored beliefs -RRB- , and a few other things ... Props on the cool sounding title though .
 My goodness . I rented this movie expecting a scary thriller and it almost put me to sleep . This is Keanu Reeves ' Sorriest performance to date ... . not that he has had many good ones . His acting was horrible in this movie and the whole movie did not make sense and was just plain Boring to watch . I was very disappointed for this film is just plain awful !!!!!!!
 I ordered Constantine and got another DVD instead . I shipped back Constantine at shippers request . Have n't received Constantine yet . Please credit my credit card as it 's been to long . I no longer want the DVD.Thanks , Al Pins
 Has there ever been a movie with Keanu Reeves in it that had any merit to it ? He is one of the worst actors on the screen today . Whenever I see that he is in a film , I know I 'm going to be in for a bad time . Despite that truth , I dared to risk it once again and rented this movie . I was n't disappointed . Save your money folks . Keanu reached his peak in Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure . It 's been downhill ever since .
 Is this movie a joke ? A psychic guy running around in LA , killing demons with a crucifix-shaped gun . At one point , he kills a whole bunch with the aid of holy water ... coming out from the sprinkler system ! A Black voodoo priest called Papa Diavolo or something to that effect . Lucifer is on bad terms with his own son , named Mammon . The archangel Gabriel has a fall out with God and looses his wings . And no-no-no , you ca n't commit suicide , because if you do , you automatically go to Hell . Chain smoking is another sure method . And Heaven looks like ... the Manhattan skyline!Once again , is this a joke ? `` Men in Black II '' were better .
 Please if you are looking for good time to pass watching movies , for god sakes do n't watch this one , you 're going to lose your time and money , it is so stupid , it 's boring , the plot and story are horrible , the characters are bad , I read the comic and I thought the movie was going to be cool , but it was really , really bad , I only enjoy 10 minutes of it , it is going to bore you too , I can assure you that .
 Really dumb Keanu Reeves film that has him fighting the underworld and dying of lung cancer at the same time . Keanu Reeves is Keanu Reeves , do n't expect much emotion from him or for that matter much acting ability either . Rachel Weisz on the other hand does deliver the goods with her very good performance but she 's literally alone in the good acting department while she is surrounded by actors who are more in tuned with Keanu 's style of acting . This movie rip off a movie called `` The Prophecy '' and it does it so blatantly that it even steals its climax.I suggest you rent that movie instead .
 Bland , overproduce and underwritten horror movie that is as scary as a Bart Simpson costume . Keanu Reeves is miscast as the lead character , giving an under whelming performance that makes some of the other lackluster acting from the other actors in the movie look professional . Shia LaBeouf once again annoys in a supporting role that almost torpedoes the film and Tilda Swinton overacts in ways that makes her performance almost as bad as Keanu 's and she 's able to do that with only two scenes in the movie . Her monologue is so bad in the last act that it had most of the people laughing in my movie theater . The only two actors in the entire movie who manages to give good performances in this film and stand out in this hug pile of -LRB- ... -RRB- is Rachel Weisz , who gives too much grace and talent to this film and to her role and Peter Stormare , whose eight minute cameo does more for the movie as a whole than Keanu does with his entire role . For Weisz and Stormare , I give this movie two stars . For Keanu and the rest , a negative 0 .
 Mediocre horror film that not only has one of the worse stories ever written for a film of this nature but has some of the worse dialog as well . The direction by first time director Frances Lawrence has promise but he lacks the professionalism to keep this movie from falling part from its own stupidity and he lacks the experience to put on a better show . Keanu Reeves is so miscast in his role that it 's almost too painful to watch him on screen and the way he plays the character is so annoying that you just end up looking away from him because of his bad performance . They are much better actors in the film that do make lemonade out of lemons with Rachel Weisz making this movie bearable with her great and game performance and Peter Stormare , who gives way too much class to his small role which does far more for the film than Keanu and most of the cast combine.See the film for Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare who do try their best with the bad material they both had to work with and they both almost succeed in making you forget how bad the movie really is . Other then their efforts though , this is still not a good movie and I suggest you wait for cable instead .
 How do you take an amazingly simple concept like HELLBLAZER and turn it into a ridiculously mundane and uninspired movie ? Just cast Keanu Reeves . Evidently , Warner Brothers thought that the success of the MATRIX was due to Keanu 's acting . They failed to realize that most of the credit should be going to the Wachowski brothers for having the keen insight to cast Keanu as an emotionally vacant Kung Fu master . Keanu is really good at looking emotionally vacant . But when it comes to a character like John Constantine , it would have been nice to cast someone who can actually act.For anyone that does n't know it , this movie is based on a long-running comic book series by DC that revolves around John Constantine . Constantine is basically a modern-day incarnation of an old Raymond Chandler gumshoe that chases down demons instead of criminals . It 's a great concept , which is why the comic book has a huge cult following . In the comic , John Constantine is a tortured , craggy , rugged man with white/blonde hair . The way that he 's drawn usually makes me think of Rutger Hauer and Roy Batty.This thing was doomed the moment they cast Keanu Reeves . It 's not just the fact that Keanu 's hair is black . I 'm not that much of a purist . I did n't have a hissy fit when they cast Tom Cruise as Lestat . A little peroxide will do wonders for the hair color , but what Tom had going for him was the fact that he can act . Keanu , unfortunately , can not . He 's like the male version of Tara Reid . Keanu should really just resign himself to being a bimbo . He should just stand around and look pretty , that 's about all he 's good for . His acting is always flat and boring . The only movie where I remember actually liking his performance was Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure . And that was probably because he was just playing himself ... a stoner . And it was also probably because I was also like 6 years old when I saw it.The movie itself has some good moments , and the storyline is vaguely interesting , but I really just could n't buy Keanu as a tough guy . It 's impossible for me to say whether this movie could have been better if they 'd cast someone else as Constantine , because Keanu is on screen for most of the movie . His stoner voice is so distinct , it 's really difficult to ignore . The storyline had potential , and the guy that played Papa Midnight was perfect , but every time that Keanu was on screen the movie just lost all of its momentum . So , whoever decided to cast Keanu as Constantine should be fired . He or she is single-handedly responsible for destroying what could have been a huge franchise for Warner Brothers .
 What do you get when you have an actor who ca n't act , a director who ca n't direct and a script that is so badly written that you will be laughing your head off at the same time you are throwing up at the pure stupidity of it ? You get one of the worse movies ever made . Keanu Reeves performance in this film is so bad , it makes his Bill and Ted movies look Oscar worthy . The direction from first time Director Frances Lawrence is flat out horrible with lousy direction and murky cinematography and the script is so badly written that you are really surprise by what you are hearing from the actors ' mouths from time to time . Of all the actors involved only Rachel Weisz and are able to come out of this horrible film with their dignity intact with good performance that this movie really did not deserved . Other than them , almost everybody involved should hang their heads in shame for making such a bad movie .
 Horrible and down right stupid Keanu Reeves action/horror movie not only makes the people who pay to see it look stupid but it solidify him as one of the worse actors of our generation with a horrible performance that makes everything about this film into a joke . I feel sorry for his fellow actors which Includes Rachel Weisz , -LRB- who give the movie 's only real performance -RRB- for even being on the same screen with him because despite their good work and effort , he manages to make the movie into a real choir to watch.The word of mouth is justified for this piece of garbage .
 Sorry , I comprehended everything this movie was trying to get across , it still is n't deep , and thought provoking as some misguided poster will have you believe . Some people have the notion that if you do n't like a movie then you do n't understand it or it was over your head in some way . It must be hard for them to understand that bad cinema is just bad cinema and most people just genuinely hate this film . They like to think that they are part of some elite group of `` intellectuals '' . However , sadly they are not , judging by the spelling and grammatical errors that I have frequently come across while viewing some of these posts.Nevertheless , getting along with the movie it just was n't well executed . Bad acting , special effects , directing , plot , miscast roles and the list goes on . Not to mention the fact that it is theologically incorrect in its ideologies . I was n't expecting this movie to be The Passion of the Christ , but let 's try for some accuracy here . I suspect that the humanist/atheist/secularist crowds will enjoy this `` film '' if that is what you want to call it . But as for me it was a brain numbing experience .
 Horrible Keanu Reeves action film that is as bad as the word of mouth suggests and then some . Keanu 's acting is so bad in this film that he even makes the dumb script with the horrible dialog look good in comparison to his performance . Rachel Weisz does give a great and lively performance but she 's the only actor in the film who bothers to give one while the rest of the actors camp it up to the point of nausea -LRB- with the exception of Peter Stormare , who was great as the devil -RRB- The direction is a joke and lacks coherency plus the screenplay does not handle the subject very well at all with dialog that is horrendous and story structure that literally makes no sense.Thumbs up to Rachel Weisz and of Peter Stormare for at least doing their best with what was handed to them but the movie itself was horrible .
 Very bad Keanu Reeves film that could be one of the worse films ever made . Keanu sinks it up so badly that he should be thrown out of Hollywood all together and they should include the director and the screenwriters as well because the movie is as bad as Keanu 's performance . Out of the entire cast only Rachel Weisz gives a real performance in this movie and she is so good in fact that she does almost redeems the entire film but not even her great talent could save it from the script , which is excruciatingly bad and the direction , which is as bad as the script and lacks focus for what its trying to accomplish . The story makes no sense and manages to go against itself in certain scenes and the climax literally destroys the narrative that the movie was trying to build up.Maybe asking for a competed director and a lead actor who can act was a tall order for the producers of this film .
 This is easily one of the worst movies I have seen in years . A barely comprehensible mess , with no redeeming qualities .
 Degrading and down right horrible adaptation of the vertigo comic book that has Keanu Reeves of all people playing the role of supernatural troubleshooter John Constantine , who with the help of a cop -LRB- played by Rachel Weisz -RRB- tries to stop the forces of evil from taking over the world . The script first off is so badly written that you can see the expressions on the actor 's facese that they themselves ca n't believe on the things that they are made to say . The story makes absolutely no sense what so ever and it manages to go against itself in certain parts of the film and the climax literally destroys the entire film with one of the worse plot twist in recent memory . The direction lacks focus and certain scenes either go no where in terms of furthering the story along or are just so badly put together that you have no idea of what is going on from time to time . The acting is not very good either , with Keanu Reeves not only degrading the role of John Constantine with his stare into space demeanor but he manages to make it into a poor mans version of Dirty Harry with the delivery of his lines . He is either trying to channel Clint Eastwood into his performance or a he 's a very slow adult who is the butt of a very cruel joke by the studio who made this film . The only decent piece of acting in this film comes from Rachel Weisz who gives way too much talent and grace with a performance that is way too deep and complex for a film that is this poorly made . Her haunting performance could have been the basis of a much better and complex horror movie and that would have been a film that I would have liked to have seen other than the train wreck that is this film.My one star goes to Rachel Weisz only .
 Dimwitted supernatural thriller that is a major bore for the most part with a dimwitted performance by Keanu Reeves , who is miscast in the main role and a screenplay that is as stupid as it can be . A lot has been said about Rachel Weisz being the only good thing that this movie has to offer and I will agree with that assessment because she does make you care about what is going on with the movie while you are trying to figure out a way to care about the dumb story that is being told . Weisz 's performance is much too rich and powerful for a movie like this and she gives you a reason to stick around while in essence there is no reason to even stay till the end . Hellboy was a masterpiece compared to this and that was marginal decent for what it was at the very best.For Weisz 's rich and powerful performance , I give the movie two stars . If she were not in the movie , my rating would be in negative numbers . -0 .
 Lazy adaptation of the comic book Hellblazer lacks the drama and horror of that book and put in a dumb sense of humor that not only does not fly but has a leading man that does not do his character any justice at all . I 'm not as hard as a lot of people are on Keanu Reeves because I think he has a certain charm to him but I have to agree with the majority that he is sourly miscast in the role of John Constantine . He does not come across well and his brooding streak does not fit the character at all . He acts more like Batman than the charming and humorous John Constantine of the comic books and the performance he gives is not very good at all because of it . The story is not very compelling at all and it feels like it was rush into production with out a single rewrite to put things in order because everything feels like it has no structure at all . The special effects also feel rushed and certain scenes actually feel awkward because of the direction , which is pretty bad . The ending of the film contradicts the beginning and the plot lines concerning certain characters especially John Constantine himself does n't really fit the movie at all . The only thing that worked in this film is the performance of Rachel Weisz , which not only kept the movie from spiraling into its own vat of stupidity but also made the movie a lot more compelling than it really was . Weisz gave this movie more dignity and substance than it deserved and her performance really does deserve a better movie than this because it 's the only real thing about the entire film . You actually believe in her character and her struggles with her own faith while you do n't buy the story that she is stuck in . Rachel Weisz truly deserves all the praise she has garnered for this film and our sympathy as well for being the only good thing about it.I do n't know what went wrong here but it 's not a good adaptation of the comic book and it that 's a major crime because the comic book is so much better than what this film was .
 Incoherent thriller that has Keanu Reeves in full matrix mold and making a complete fool out of himself with a pretty bad script . His performance is not very good and he 's miscast for the role he is in . The other actors in the film , most noticeable Rachel Weisz -LRB- She does give the best performance in this movie , she is that good -RRB- , Djimon Hounsou and Tilda Swinton all do better than poor Keanu in there roles and manages to rise above some of the cliches and the flimsy plot to give solid performances but not even they can get pass the fact of how badly this film was made and how incoherent it really is . For their performance alone , the movie gets a star from me but do n't expect much from the movie itself .
 To get to the point very quickly , the movie was a letdown . It tries to be a mixture of horror , suspends and action but it just ends up very uneven in it 's narrative and you just lose patience with it after while . Keanu Reeves is simply miscast in the lead role and he turns in a very tired and lackluster performance that does drag the movie down a lot . The character he plays is also a problem because he 's such a whiney jerk and you just really ca n't stand him at all . You are left wondering on why he 's even in the film in the first place because he character really adds nothing to the story other than the stereo typical climax where he flexes his muscles in order to fight the bad guys . The rest of the characters in the film do n't fair any better with the exception of Rachel Weisz , who manages to turn in a great performance despite having Keanu Reeves making a fool out of himself right next to her . She gives this movie a real sense of earthy realism and unnecessary creditability with a performance that deserved a better movie . Djmon Hounsou is decent in a glorified cameo that really does not use his talents to it 's full potential and Shia LaBeouf is doing his lame slapstick to the hill . The man or woman who played the angel Gabriel was strange looking to say the least and Satan himself looked like he just came from a Vegas lounge act . I do have to say that the special effects were pretty good and the hell dimension had it 's charm but nether of them can compensate for a bad script that not only has some really bad dialog that makes some of the scenes in the film unintentional funny but has a plot development that makes no sense what so ever and has noting to do with the story as a whole . The movie has it 's good points , which is the performance of Rachel Weisz and the stunning special effects but the bad far out weight the good with a tired performance by Keanu Reeves , some unintentional funny scenes with some really bad dialog and a plot development that should have been left on the cutting room floor .
 Forgettable horror yarn that is more or less a rip off of better movies that have come before , but with out the decent script or the credible leading man to push it forward . Keanu Reeves is a decent actor but he is miscast in the title role of John Constantine and some of the things he does as an actor in this movie is more distracting than helpful to this film . It may have worked wonders for his Matrix films but it does not fly here and it 's painfully obvious when you see him read some of his lines that he knows this as well . Most of the supporting cast is almost as bad as he is with their roles with the excerption of Rachel Weisz , who gives an mesmerizing performance that deserves a much better all around movie than this and Djimon Hounsou , who gives his brief performance as a voodoo doctor who runs a after hours club more meat than the script has in itself . The special effects are crassly done in some parts of the film and the script feels like it could not get pass the many rewrites that took place for this film.It 's worth a look for Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou performances but I would wait for DVD instead because the movie itself is not that good .
 Truly a pathetic film.The only few minutes of the film that was interesting was the very beginning after this it raced downhill.The Demons and characters were all unbelievable except for the female lead . I can not fathom the audience for this film except for the blind , deaf and dumb . I have never been a fan of Keanu Reeves but some of his films have been exciting . He brought nothing to this nothing . It is hard to tell whether the fault is the script the director or the actor . In short the film was a total waste of time . More than that it was a total theft of time .
 Horrible ca n't describe this movie in a right light . This was the worse film I have seen in years and this should prove once and for all on how bad Keanu Reeves is as an actor because he 's at his worse in this film . He 's so bad that he has the uncanny ability to make you feel stupid once the movie is over , that 's how bad he is . The script is a huge mess and most of it does not make sense what so ever and the picture is way too dark in certain areas of the film . Rachel Weisz is great in this movie and her performance is much better than the whole movie itself but she 's basically carrying Keanu on her shoulders during most of the film while he overacts in horrific ways and she is stranded with a story that really should have had a good rewrite before it became a shooting script . I do n't believe for a second that this was a comic book at all because comic books at the very least are a bit intelligent while this movie was as brainless as they come .
 I did not like the movie as the dialogue was whispered and it was difficult to understand what was being said , and to make it even more objectionable , the audio level would overwhelm when the scene cut to an action event . The audio level had to be constantly adjusted and the picture was not very sharp even with a Hi-Def monitor . It is suggested Amazon get a limiting amplifier or one of the old CBS Audiomax units like TV broadcasters used in the 60 's to prevent the commercials ' audio levels from annoying the viewers . Run ALL movies through an audio processor and get this under control.Jim
 Lightweight horror yarn that is more fluff than substance . Keanu Reeves was not the right man to pull this role off and the decision to cast him was huge disservice to the entire movie because he just does not cut it in the role . He makes an effort but he just not a strong enough actor to pull of the role and the script he 's working with does not cut it as well because its badly written in certain scenes and does not hold itself well once you look closely at it . The visual effects are below par with some of the movie that has come out recently and the musical score is not well done . Rachel Weisz does in fact give the best performance out of the entire film and that 's manly because she gives more to her role than the story itself does and a special nod also goes to Peter Stormare who 's only in the last few minutes of the film but manages to give a good performance with the little he has .
 Constantine . A sort of modified Neo character but not nearly as likeable . This film is a silly `` spiritual '' kind of film with some incorrect bible facts thrown in . Reeves gives his usual deadpan performance which worked for him in the Matrix films but certainly does not work here . His character is a chain smoker who is dying of lung cancer but continues to chain smoke because he 's going to hell . There 's a great advertisement for cigarettes ! Actually it gets quite annoying after awhile.Unfortunately , many folks who watch these kind of films get their so called `` Sunday school education '' from them . They walk away thinking that they 've learned something . If they 'd just read the bible they would see that most of the messages they get from these films are so wrong.This film was so uninteresting that I ca n't even bring myself to recount the story for you . It 's that boring . The oddest thing about this movie may be the casting of Reeves himself . Still riding high from his success with the Matrix trilogy , I guess the casting agents thought that his name would bring in the box office bucks . He maybe the strangest actor in history . He 's not a great actor , but people keep giving him work . I like him myself but I 'm not sure why yet . Somebody get my therapist on the phone quick !!! He 's attractive , yes , but his only real claim to fame is that he only has one character in him . That character is Keanu Reeves . Nobody plays him better . He 's been called the most boring actor in the world . Still , people like him . They like to see him on the screen . I do n't know if this film will boost his career any higher but it just might . That 's the way the cookie crumbles in Hollyweird ! Go figure.Go watch The Matrix . Nothing special to see here .
 Constantine was the corniest movie I think i 've ever seen.I do n't remember much of it because I was so busy cussing under my breath about wasting $ 8.50 on such nonsense . I have n't ever rolled my eyes , sucked my teeth , or scoffed so much in my entire life . I almost fell out of my seat when Keanu Reeve 's gave the devil the finger . Talk about pure cheese .
 Low Wattage Horror mishmash lacks not only the right stuff to consider itself a good movie but lacks a competent director who knows what he is doing with the material he is working with and a lead actor who knows how to act . The story makes no sense and does contradict itself at the end of the film and the special effects really do n't amount to much at all . Rachel Weisz does give the movie more than it deserved with her great performance but she 's basically the only actor in the movie who knows how to act while the rest of the film is filled with actors who ca n't get past the horrible script that is making this the film as horrible as it is . I had never read the comic book but after a friend begged me to read it after I told him how disappointed I was with the film , I decided to check it out . To my surprise , the comic was not only well written but it was much scarier to boot . I do n't know why the powers that be behind the scenes messed up so badly with this film considering the fact that if it stood faithful to the comic book , it would have been an amazing movie but with Keanu Reeves as the lead actor , you know up front that the people behind the scenes really did not care about what they were making.Avoid .
 I cant believe these movies on double disk put all the loaded stuffs on disk , And hard work , which most people do n't care , then they put 5.1 audio sound crap to it , such as awful ... please people if u do all the goodies an all on DVDS at least put the DTS sound to it for most people like me have surround sound these days at home . . Such movies like this kind of gender u should have a blast high-end sound to it to really enjoy the movie such as DTS ... for this important matter I give 2 starts and I am not going to buy this DVD .
 This was by far the stupidest movie I 've seen this year . Keanu Reeves proves yet once again that he 's one of the authors of how to be a one-dimensional actor -LRB- see all the usually mediocre movies that he 's done , such as Speed or one of The Matrix sequels if you do n't believe me -RRB- , second only to Vin Diesel -LRB- TWO DAYS . dUR-HUR-HUR !! 1 ! 111 !! 1 !! -RRB- . OK , I know I have slightly digressed and should return to the matter at hand . This movie is a desecration to the comic book , the action scenes were dumb almost to the point of sheer hilarity , that lady cop talked like a retard who got turned down from competing in the special olympics , that Satan dude looked gayer than Richard Simmon 's shorts , and anyone who spent their hard-earned money to see this atrocity of a film should be entitled to a full refund .
 I really wish I had gone to the movies to watch this instead of buying , that way I could have walked out instead of feeling compelled to watch the whole thing to get my monies worth . The plot is fine but the acting is so stilted and the pace of the story so slow that I would prefer to watch paint dry . If a rating of -3 stars was available that would be my rank for this movie .
 The special effects were great ; however , the plot was slow moving . I was bored with the story line . John Constantine running around using crosses and other religious items was not believable because he did n't believe in God . He cherishes and has faith in created religious objects but has no faith in God . This is equivalent to making a movie about Spiderman but not having him get bitten by the spider , or making about about Luke Skywalker without him using the force . Constantine 's holy incantations seemed like a bunch of voodoo mumbo jumbo . Anyone who knows anything about the bible should know that if you are going to make a fictional work off of it , at least get the core principles down . What was good about the movie is the fact that it showed that you do n't have to work your way into heaven . It showed that although you may have a lot of faults , God will accept you where you are in life . All you have to do is accept Him .
 `` Constantine , '' had cheesy potential , but the cheese is all found in yet another misleading trailer . The sheer laziness of director Francis Lawrence is amazing . The editing of the film makes the story nearly incoherent . And the script ? At one point Angela Dodson -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- tells John Constantine -LRB- Reeves -RRB- that she fears demons have killed her -LRB- twin -RRB- sister . Less than five minutes later she tells Constantine that she does n't believe in the Devil ! Whoa ! Does n't someone , while filming or editing , red flag such inconsistencies?As far as the twin sister goes , that 's one red herring among many - like the Spear of Destiny , insane angels , brainless `` soldier '' demons -LRB- what 's the difference ? -RRB- , and voodoo magicians . Much is made here of Weisz 's -LRB- the `` Mummy '' lady -RRB- performance . I do n't know why . She simply does n't have the lines to deliver her from the mess she 's in . Reeves ? `` Constantine '' is just further evidence that he 's an earlier generation 's Ben Affleck . He ca n't act . And with `` Constantine , '' and its loads of special effects , he ca n't be insulated -LRB- this time -RRB- from that fact . Interestingly there are two characters that do make an impression . Tilda Swinton as gender bent angel Gabriel , who has you wondering if Gwyneth Paltrow and David Bowie have morphed into one person , and Peter Stormare 's Satan . Stormare 's performance is a particular hoot . He looks like he wandered in from the set of `` Caberet , '' and he clearly elevates things at a moment when I seemed past caring . For that alone I 'll give `` Constantine '' two stars . The rest can go to Hell .
 Mind bending stupid horror film that lacks any form of common sense what so ever with a script that was looked like it was written by a ten year old with dialog only a child could understand and a leading man who is as bad an actor as they come . -LSB- ... -RSB- The special effects are not really good and the direction seems forced in some places . The only performance of merit that this film has is from Rachel Weisz who does much more with her character than she needed to and she does lift this film pass much of it 's problems but a good actor can do only do so much with out the help of the director or the rest of the cast and she 's basically by herself in this film in terms of good acting.Avoid .
 I can take the fact that it 's not faithful to the comic , no comic book movie really is -LRB- With the exception of Sin City -RRB- but when the movie is done this badly , you have to stand up and call it like it is . Not only does this disgrace the popular comic book with a screenplay so poorly written that it makes junior high school term papers seem more intelligent but it has possible the worse actor playing the title role . Keanu Reeves is not only miscast , he 's down right dangerous to the movie because you do n't believe for one minute that he is the character . Someone wrote that he looked like he was doing a Batman impersonation and I have to agree with that because the John Constantine of the comic book was never as grim as his performance . Not only that but the comic book character fought his enemies with his wits than the gun Keanu brands in the movie plus he knew what he was doing , something Keanu 's character seems like he never does . The story rips off several storylines from past issues of the comic book and does them no justice at all with how bad the screenplay is written . Most of the performances are hit and miss with the exception of the performance of Rachel Weisz , who I agree with the majority who have written their views here and everywhere else is excellent and deserves a much better movie than this . She gives way too much talent and class to this movie and does almost make you want to look pass its huge problems because of her effort but she 's the only good thing that this movie has going for it while the rest of it almost bores you to sleep with scenes that are paced too slowly and dialog that is flat out so stupid that you really ca n't believe on what you are hearing from some of the character 's mouths from time to time . The creature effects look horrible and the world of hell loses its luster after the first time you see it . Some of the special effects are shot in the dark and you really ca n't see certain scenes from time to time . I think the director was trying to give a kind of noir feel to the film but back out on what noir really means because he rather copy on what was done before than to come up with something truly original.If you like to watch bad movies , then have yourself a good time , because the movie is that bad but if you looking for a good film that respects the comic book , this is not it .
 Moronic and down right boring Keanu Reeves vehicle is an insult to your senses . The movie is shot way too dark in certain scenes of the film and the special effects are tepid at the very best . Keanu Reeves gives his all but regardless of his efforts , he 's not right for the role . His performance borders on way too dark to unintentionally funny plus he looks bored with what is going on . You 're supposed to believe in his character but you end up just annoyed with him and that not good if you 're trying to buy the story of the film . The story itself is very shaky and it makes no sense in some parts of the film . Angles and demons ca n't cross over into this world but yet there are half-breeds all around the city and the angle Gabriel is walking around like nothing is happing . Makes no sense but that 's some of the inconstancies this movie has and it has too many of them . The only good thing of merit that the movie has to offer is the performance of Rachel Weisz , who manages to give a complex , strong and moving performance that gives you a brief pause and makes you wonder on how this movie could have been much better off if they just centered it around her character alone , with out all the hoopla and special effects that it has now . That would have worked much better and been much more effective than the overblown special effects movie that it is now and probably would have been much scarier to boot . I would have rather paid to see that then this film right here .
 Low brow Keanu Reeves action film that is as bad as the word of mouth suggests . Keanu is miscast and he gives the worse performances I have seen him do in quite a long time . He is so bad that he even makes the dumb script with the horrible dialog look good in comparison to his performance . Rachel Weisz does give a great and lively performance but she 's the only actor in the film who give one while the rest of the actors camp it up to the point of nausea and the visual effects are a let down compared to the films that have come out recently in the cinema . The direction is a joke and lacks coherency plus the look of the film is way too dark to even figure out what is going on from time to time.Hats off to Rachel Weisz for at least doing her best with what was giving to her but I ca n't say the same for the movie itself .
 This is a bizare movie . I was raised Catholic and it made no sense on either the theological or fantasy level . God love ya ' Keanu , but damn , find some range bro . Very boring lead acting . Lines like `` I just got attacted by a demon '' performed like he was asking the time of day.Why was everybody whispering ? I ca n't hear you !! I have n't heard this much whipering since `` The Sixth Sense '' . I did like this the first time when it was called `` The Prophecy '' . Enough bagging . It did have awesome FX and the guy who played Lucifer was great !! This could have been a four star movie , but alas , it was mostly a mind-draining snooze fest . Sorry Keanu . The Matrix 1-3 still rule ! 21/2 stars to be fair .
 Lousy and disrespectful adaptation of the Comic Book Hellblazer is a travesty of a high order . Who ever thought that Keanu Reeve would have been perfect as John Constantine should be fired for sheer in competence . Keanu takes a great role and basically craps on it with his lousy acting . Of all the actors involve , only Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare are able to transcend the horrible script , which manages to contradict itself in the last forty-five minutes of the movie , and the climax is a horrible joke in itself . The special effects were decent but I have seen better on TV plus the plot is taken from an episode of Buffy the Vampire slayer . They should have just called it Keanu The vampire slayer instead .
 Unimaginative supernatural horror thriller that rather treat the audience like idiots than to give them a story with any meaning . Keanu Reeves lacks the acting chops to pull off his character 's moral dilemma and the screenplay lacks credibility with its juvenile dialog and halfhearted views on the subject that it 's trying to cover . It 's more and less a big budget version of the television show `` Angel '' but with out it 's cleaver writing or it 's interesting look at the war between Good versus Evil . The direction by first time director Frances Lawrence lacks coherency and certain scenes do n't jell in terms of narrative . The only actors in the movie who manages to transient the bad script and misdirection of the director is Rachel Weisz -LRB- Runaway Jury , The Shape of Things -RRB- who does give the movie 's only compelling performance and the great Peter Stormare -LRB- Cocolat , Fargo -RRB- whose five minute cameo as the devil has more meat than the main character himself . Weisz and Stourmare are about the only positive things that come out of this supernatural debacle and if the studio wanted to make good movie , they could have just focus their energies at Rachel Weisz and Peter Stourmare and have the movie revolved around their characters instead of the uninspired character of John Constantine and could have made a real and scary supernatural thriller.Too bad that it 's the audience who have a better imagination that the people who made this film .
 Constantine is an adaptation of the classic DC Comic book called Hellblazer and a half hearted one at that because only names of the characters are the same , not the story or the origin of what the book was really about . Keanu Reeves literally gives his middle finger to the fans of the comic with a bad performance that lacks the charm and the smarts of his comic counterpart . He 's so bad in the role that he makes the movie into a complete joke . The special effects are not very good and most of the other performances by the actors runs the gamut from being decent to flat out horrible . The only actor who comes away with a great and powerful performance is Rachel Weisz , who not only gives this movie an unnecessary amount of class and respect but also gives it the only real and human performance in the entire film . She 's so good in this movie that if you had a real director and some real scriptwriters , She could have made a better lead character in a much better and serious film than this.My two stars go to Rachel Weisz 's performance alone . The rest of the film does not warrant even one
 Very bad horror thriller that has the right pieces but does nothingwith them to make a compelling or interesting film . Keanu Reeves hasthe charisma and the charm but his character is a wasted bore and hejust comes a cross like an unlikable jerk than anything useful to thestory . He just sticks out like a sour thumb and just does not engagedthe audience with his badly written character . Rachel Weisz does farmore for the audience and the movie with her way too good and complexperformance in this film but you do end up feeling sorry for her afterawhile because the script and the dialog does not do her valiantperformance any justice . Her performance is so good in fact that she issingle handedly holds this film together while its in fact fallingapart by all around her . Tilda Swinton plays a pretty good angel buther character is way too lightweight to be taken seriously , especiallywith the revelation towards the end of the film that just blows apartthe little creditably this film had going for it . Shia LaBeouf is adecent kid actor but his character ends up more annoying than usefuland Djimon Hounsou does OK with a very limited role.My Thumb goes way up for Rachel Weisz 's game and way too good for thisfilm performance and a special nod goes to Peter Stormare , who 's briefappearance at the end of the film does more for it than the whole badscript itself .
 Horrible ca n't describe this movie in a right light . This was the worse film I have seen in years and this should prove once and for all on how bad Keanu Reeves is as an actor because he 's at his worse in this film . He 's so bad that he has the uncanny ability to make you feel stupid once the movie is over , that 's how bad he is . The script is a huge mess and most of it does not make sense what so ever and the picture is way too dark in certain areas of the film . Rachel Weisz is great in the movie but she 's basically carrying Keanu on her shoulders during most of the film while he over acts in horrific ways and she is stranded with a story that really should have had a good rewrite before it became a shooting script . Other than her , the movie is just a huge help of crap that should not have been made .
 His soul damned for a suicide gone wrong , John Constantine wonders the streets of Los Angeles , CA looking for demons to exorcise from human hosts in an attempt to buy his way into heaven -LRB- `` If I send enough demons back to hell , he 'd have to let me in '' -RRB- . That 's your plot . Along the way , he occassionally runs into demons on the loose -LRB- `` I just got attacked by a demon right out in the open '' -RRB- , an angel -LRB- Gabriel -RRB- who 's motivation for interacting with Constantine is questionable -LRB- this angel even curses -RRB- and the occasional trip back to hell -LRB- kind of cool in a post-apocolyptic-futuristic-wasteland kind of way -RRB- . Constantine , you see , has the gift of being able to see demons like few other humans.The effects were well done -LRB- especially a scene near the beginning of the movie where a guy is killed and rises -RRB- but unless a computer generated human can stand next to a real human and I 'm not able to tell the difference , my reaction is `` been there , seen that '' . The dialog and story are filled with pseudo-catholic mumbo jumbo which made little sense to me . Rachel Wiesz seems to get more stunning in every movie I 've seen her play a roll . Tilda Swinton is pretty good -LRB- and funny -RRB- as Gabrial the angel . Keanu Reeves is dressed similar to Neo but speaks in the same tone as Agent Smith throughout the movie but I 'm not a Keanu basher . I like the guy . Limited acting abilities be damned -LRB- pun unintended -RRB- . I kept looking at my watch throughout the movie so I guess all in all , it pretty much was a waste of time . But it was slightly enjoyable .
 After hearing this was the best Keanu movie I decided to go see this movie to see what I thought . But this movie was a complete bore . I fell asleep 3 times during the movie , It did not even scare me , I was checking my watch about 15 minutes in . It 's supposed to make you scream , but I did n't . I laughed .
 To call this movie stupid does not do it justice enough . It 's beyond stupid and it 's an insult to the people who write for the comic that it 's based on . Keanu Reeves literally stinks up the screen with his worse performance ever and the script helps him in spades . The special effects are just awful and the direction is just off center in a lot of places . There are some points about it like the performances of Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou that make this film a little better than what it is but other than their grand efforts to be better than the script , the movie just falls apart in every area excerpt their performances which is in fact better than the film itself.I hold much respect for the efforts made by Weisz and Hounsou but not even divine intervention could have saved this movie .
 I saw this movie in the theater when it came out . For the first time in my life , I was part of a theater full of people who began screaming comments at the screen as the movie went on , Mystery Science Theater 3000 style , with not one patron becoming upset.That 's how bad this POS is . I did enjoy it , because some of the people in the crowd were really funny and it made this awful waste of time palateable . To this day , my friends and I use `` Constantine '' as a punch line.Run , screaming from this `` film . ''
 Dumb and unsatisfying horror movie that is made worse by the terrible acting of Keanu Reeves , who is extremely miscast in his role . The rest of the film is almost as bad as Reeves 's performance with the exception of Rachel Weisz , who manages to give a great performance thou out despite the movie horrible script and crappy special effects . I would have paid to see her character in a more serious and better horror film than the garbage that is here.The one star review is for Weisz , for at least giving a great performance despite the huge shortcomings of this film . Too bad that she was not the lead instead of Keanu Reeves .
 Very bad Keanu Reeves film that could be one of the worse films ever made . Keanu sinks it up so badly that he should be thrown out of Hollywood all together and they should include the director and the screenwriters as well because the movie is as bad as Keanu 's performance . Out of the entire cast only Rachel Weisz gives a real performance in this movie and she is so good in fact that she does almost redeems the entire film but not even her great talent could save it from the script , which is excruciatingly bad and the direction , which is as bad as the script and lacks focus for what its trying to accomplish . The story makes no sense and manages to go against itself in certain scenes and the climax literally destroys the narrative that the movie was trying to build up.Maybe asking for a competed director and a lead actor who can act was a tall order for the producers of this film .
 The title says it all . Nothing new in the flick , and Keanu , well is Keanu ... . boring and droll . Lots of CGI stuff , but nothing you have not seen before . I suggest that you not waste your time or money on this film .
 Too flashy for its own good horror misfire that burns a few brains cells along the way with its bad script and even worse dialog . Keanu Reeves lacks the right stuff to pull this character off and he does make the film worse just by being in it . Rachel Weisz gives a powerful performance that does do its job in keeping you from walking out of the theater but unfortunately , her performance is the movies only plus . The rest of the film just does not know what it wants to be and the direction has no idea on where it wants to go . Not even the special effects are up to standard here and that 's where the movie bread and butter should have been .
 I can take the fact that it 's not faithful to the comic , no comic book movie really is -LRB- With the exception of Sin City -RRB- but when the movie is done this badly , you have to stand up and call it like it is . Not only does this disgrace the popular comic book with a screenplay so poorly written that it makes junior high school term papers seem more intelligent but it has possible the worse actor playing the title role . Keanu Reeves is not only miscast , he 's down right dangerous to the movie because you do n't believe for one minute that he is the character . Someone wrote that he looked like he was doing a Batman impersonation and I have to agree with that because the John Constantine of the comic book was never as grim as his performance . Not only that but the comic book character was fought his enemies with his wits than the gun Keanu brands in the movie plus he knew what he was doing , something Keanu 's character seems like he never does . The story rips off several story lines from past issues of the comic book and does them no justice at all with how bad the screenplay is written . Most of the performances are hit and miss with the exception of the performance of Rachel Weisz , who I agree with the majority who have written their views here and everywhere is excellent and deserves a much better movie than this . She gives way too much talent and class to this movie and does almost make you want to look pass its huge problems because of her effort but she 's the only good thing that this movie has going for it while the rest of it almost bores you sleep with scenes that are paced too slowly and dialog that is flat out so stupid that you really ca n't believe on what you are hearing from some of the character 's mouths from time to time . The creature effects look horrible and the world of hell loses its luster after the first time you see it . Some of the special effects are shot in the dark and you really ca n't see certain scenes from time to time . I think the director was trying to give a kind of noir feel to the film but back out on what noir really means because he rather copy on what was done before than to come up with something truly original.If you like to watch bad movies , then have yourself a good time , because the movie is that bad but if you looking for a good film that respects the comic book , this is not it .
 Terrible action/horror movie that puts on a lot of hot air but lacks a lot of brains and substance to pull off the story its trying to tell . Keanu Reeves was just the wrong man for the job and his performance is that bad . You just want to smash his faces of the people who though that he was right for this kind of role . You just do n't take him seriously and you end up laughing at him more than being intrigue by his character . His co-star Rachel Weisz not only has a more interesting character than he does but is 100 times more the actor he could ever hope to be . She not only gives the film 's best performance -LRB- a performance that has more life and complexity than the film itself -RRB- but is the films only redeeming quality . You actually want to spend more time with her character and pick her brain on the life she have lived and the sister she has forgotten instead of the mindless dribble that the film because after the second act . Her story would have made a much better and scarier horror movie but of course this is a Keanu Reeves movie , and we have to suffer with a script and a director who will cater to his limited needs as an actor . The director has some talent with visuals but he has no idea on how to put a actual film together and the screenplay is so unfocused that you really have no idea on what is going on from time to time.Worth a look for Weisz 's efforts but do n't hold out hope for a film as good as she was .
 Bad special effects movie that has possibly the worse performance ever by Keanu Reeves , who almost makes the movie as bad as his performance . I do n't know why Keanu was cast in this role but he 's the worse actor in the entire movie and Shia LaBeouf is almost as bad as he is and gives a very annoying performance that reeks of stupidity . Only Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare are able to give good performance in this bad movie and for that , I will not totally thrash this movie but its still not very good and you should wait for cable .
 Really bad supernatural thriller that has Keanu Reeves of all people trying to save the world from the devil and his army in a piss poor movie with a bad script and poor special effects . Reeves comes off very bad in his role and basically leaves Rachel Weisz to not only hold the audience by herself by giving the only good performance that this film has to offer but also to make them think that the movie would have been much better off with Keanu not there . Weisz 's performance is the only good quality that this film has and she 's so good in fact that you almost forget how bad this movie really is , int ' l the script lets her and audience down with a very bad second act that not only takes apart the theme of the film but makes a mockery of it as well.Other than the good performace of Rachel Weisz , it 's not worth your time .
 I do n't know much about the comic but regardless of it , it 's still a really bad movie . Keanu Reeves is with out a doubt the worse actor we have around , giving a performance that kills this movie and makes everything about it into a joke . The only three actors who do make it out of the film with their dignity intact is Rachel Weisz , who I agree with almost everybody gives the films only great performance , Djmon Hounsou , who makes a more believable sorcerer than Keanu Reeves and Peter Stormare , who 's brief appearance does more for the climax than the stupid gun fight.Too bad nether Weisz , Hounsou or Stormare could have saved this film , that 's how bad Keanu and the rest of the movie is .
 This movie is so bad . Not in the funny way . In the unwatchable way . I love comic book movies . I love Exorcism movies . This movie was worse than Exorcist
 Horrible written fright film that has possible the worse performance of the last few years by Keanu Reeves , who literally weighs the film down with his bad acting and bad presence in this film . I would love to meet the casting agent with though that Keanu Reeves of all people would have been great in this movie . The dialog is so bad in this film that you really are taken a back at the sheer stupidity of it and the story does not hold any weight as for as common sense goes . Keanu 's interpretation of the character goes into overload after the first half-hour and the rest of the movie follows his lead into absurdity . The special effects are poorly done for a movie of this size and the cinematography is just horrible in some parts of the film . Of the supporting cast , only Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare come out of this movie with passing grades and that 's because they are both able to transcend the horrible script with very good performances that is better than the whole entire film . Weisz gives a strong and compelling performance with her character and that in itself a huge compliment considering the fact that the script does not do her performance any justice and Peter Stormare dominates the last ten minutes of the film with a perfect performance that should have been a lead instead of a cameo.Other than their performances , the movie just does not cut it and that 's because of the lame writing and the miscasting of Keanu Reeves .
 This was easily one of the worst movies ever made I do n't even know where to start . I 'm glad I did n't pay to see this I saw it at a sneak preview but I still feel I was ripped off . Let 's start with the acting , not one person could in this movie . Keanu Reeves looked like he was trying to figure out how to get out of the movie more than put any effort into his character.I guess the next place to look at would be the plot . Most of the time it will leave you going ???????????? There really was n't much of a story and the movie seemed to drag on , it was slow and dull . When there were any scenes with action they were really unimpressive and could leave you yawning.Last and least were the special FX , again unimpressive . The FX look like something that came out of a direct to video movie , which this should have . They demons looked like cartoon characters and the parts where they tried to make it look the Matrix failed big time . While I 'm no fan of the Matrix -LRB- I could n't even make it through the first one -RRB- the effects work well for it , not this movie.Overall this movie should be avoided even to die hard comic fans . This movie has nothing to do with the comic at all just like the Catwoman movie . If you feel like wasting 2 hours of your life though this movie is for you .
 I 'm a fan of Rachel Weisz but not even her effort could have saved this extreamly bad film . Keanu Reeves should be put in jail for his horrible performance and the director should never direct again for his lack of directional skills.Avoiud like the pluge .
 Miserable supernatural thriller that makes every mistake known to man in casting Keanu Reeves in a role that he 's clearly not fit to do . He makes a fool out of himself with a performance that lacks conviction and lacks presence . He makes the movie a real challenge to watch and add to that problem a director that lacks the know how to stage a scene that has an even flow and a script that is so uneven , and you have a disaster in the making . Is the movie a true disaster ? Almost , and that 's because it has a powerful and complex performance by Rachel Weisz that almost makes you forget about the disaster that is happing right in front of you . She is able to make you not only care about what is happing in the film but will make you want to sit though it in order to see what will happen with her story . Unfortunately for her , the script really does nothing to further her character 's plight along and you can see that she is clearly trying to stay interested with her part , which is the same frustration you will a have in trying to stay interested in the movie.To put it all in perspective , Rachel Weisz is the movies only godsend but other than her great effort to bring more to this film than either Keanu or the director try to do , the movie is a disaster from top to bottom .
 Not very good horror action movie that has the right stuff but lacks a certain amount of credibility to mix . Keanu Reeves is semi-fine but miscast and he lacks a character the audience can root for and the rest of the movie is hit or miss in terms of the script which is badly written and the special effects which are not up to par in terms of what has been accomplish recently . I have to agree with what has been said about Rachel Weisz , who is the heart and soul of this movie and she does lift it over the mediocre script and funny dialog . Her performance is golden and worthy of a much better movie.See it for her alone but you will end up feeling sorry for her for being the only good thing about the whole movie .
 This is a very bad movie , no doubt about it but it does have its great points which is the performances of Rachel Weisz Peter Stormare and Djimon Hounsou which makes this movie much better than it really is . Rachel Weisz is with out a doubt one of the most versatile actresses of our generation , and in this movie , she is quite literally carrying the huge acting weight from Keanu Reeves , who is miscast in his role and gives a pretty lousy performance . She holds the audience attention with her strong and gutsy performance and she does give this movie a lot more than it asked from her . Peter Stormare only has about eight minutes of screen time and does more with it than Keanu does in his whole performance . He gives a funny and down right scary realism to his portrayal of the king of the underworld . This role should prove to people on how versatile an actor Stormare is and it should give him the respect he deserves . Djimon Hounsou is a great and charismatic actor who also does more with his role than Keanu does . He brings a strong sense of bravado to his underwritten role and makes the audience have fun with him while he chews up the scenery with is great performance.Weisz , Stormare and Hounsou are great actors who give more to the audience than the film does , and for that , they should be commended . The movie unfortunately is beneath their great talents and it does not deserve their efforts at all with a story that confuses more than explains and a leading man who ca n't act his way out of a garbage can .
 Yes there were some good effects and wild looking creatures , some decent ideas , a handful of good acting , but where the hell was the story ? How many times can you kill yourself and go to hell to see the same thing over and over . It was less irritating when the same thing was done in little nicky . Reeve 's acting is normally garbage but he gets put in some good movies like the replacements . This time it was his bad acting paired with an awful movie . You need a good ending .
 Slow , unoriginal and down right dumb horror film that is held down by a lousy script , a director who did not know the basics of directing a movie and a career worse performance by Keanu Reeves that makes this movie unintentionally funny in all the wrong places . Reeves is so bad in fact that he makes his co-stars look just as bad as he is with their acting with the grand exception of Rachel Weisz , who not only proves how strong and powerful an actor she is by giving the only great and meaningful performance in the entire film -LRB- Not an easy thing to do considering the fact that she is stuck holding Keanu Reeve 's hand during the whole film while he makes a complete ass out of himself -RRB- but manages to make you kind of interested in what 's going on with the film while you want to desperately turn off the DVD player in disgust . The screenplay is a jumbled mess with a story that contradicts itself on several occasions and The directing hold no ground in terms of moving the story along and is so badly shot in some places that you do n't even now what is going on from time to time.The movie is a pathetic disaster and it should have never been made
 Bad adaptation to the great comic book called Hellblazer has probably the worse actor imaginable playing the title role . Keanu Reeves is with out a shadow of a doubt miscast in the title role and makes a fool out of himself and almost everyone in the movie . The script is an incoherent mess and the direction from first time director Frances Lawrence is lackluster to say the least . Of all the actors involved , Only Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou are able to give their best to their underwritten characters . Weisz gives a strong and determine performance and Hounsou does more with a throwaway role than Keanu does as the lead . The rest of the actors involved are almost as bad as Reeves himself with Shia LaBeouf being as annoying as ever and Peter Stormare over doing it as the prince of darkness.Say what you may about the Blade films but at least the first two Blade movies had a script that at least entertain you for a good solid two hours while this film will have you looking at your watch after the first 45 minutes . IF you like to see bad movies then be my guess , if not avoid .
 Forgettable horror/MTV style vanity project lacks a script that makes sense and a leading man who is believable in the role . Keanu Reeves stinks up the screen in one of the worse performances of his career in one of his worse movies ever as a private detective who is trying to stop the coming of the apocalypse . To say to Keanu is miscast is a real understatement because he 's worse thing about the entire film . His dried delivery of his lines are legend and will be remembered as one of the biggest fowl up since Batman and Robin of a comic book adaptation . The script is horrendous and the direction lacks professionalism not to mention focus . The only actor in the entire film that does give a real and believably performance is Rachel Weisz , who does more for this film than she should have because her performance is way better than the movie . She 's so good in fact that she almost single handedly redeems Keanu 's acting , and I mean almost . That 's real talent.The one star is definitely for Rachel Weisz for at least trying to give the audience someone to care about while the movie itself is forgettable .
 Very bad Keanu Reeves horror film is a real look at how much a vanity project can spiral out of control . Keanu Reeves is just out of place in supernatural tale about a private eye that helps a cop look into the suicide of her twin sister . The special effects are not of top quality and the script is too jumbled to even try to figure out what is going on from time to time . The rest of the acting is decent with Rachel Weisz stealing the show and giving this movie more than her fair share of heart and talent and Peter Stormare doing more in his brief cameo that most of the other actors in the film . Unfortunately nether Weisz or Stormare can over come the hack like script which treats their characters and the story of the film as a joke . I like a good popcorn film but this is not one of them .
 Lowbrow and pretty stupid horror movie that lacks screenplay to not only explains what is going on but a lead actor who can act . Keanu Reeves is the gapping hole that sinks this ship and his performance will be remembered as one of the worse performances ever in a major motion picture . It also does not help the film that the director does not know how to shot a scene and the special effects are bottom of the barrel for a movie of this kind . Rachel Weisz is great but she 's the only actor who seems like she gives a damn about her performance While the rest seem like they are sleepwalking.If you love to look at your watch for two hours waiting for this movie to end , be my guess . If you want to save your dignity and your eyes , skip this film .
 Constantine is a horrible movie . The first hour of it is just unexplained occurrences . In a movie , it is good for things to be unexplained at the beginning and gradually explain themselves as the movie goes on , but when it goes on for an hour , you get bored and stop caring about the characters . Then when this happens you ca n't tell when the movie starts to pick up . Then , no matter what happens in the movie you do n't care and it becomes a long boring escapade . None of the characters interested me because I did n't think any of them were well done and as I said before , it needs to explain some stuff earlier in the movie and when that does n't happen the more unexplained events that go on just add on to those before , so you stop trying to keep track of it all and that 's when I stopped caring . It would be a form of torture if someone made me sit through this movie again .
 What do you get when you have an actor who ca n't act , a director who ca n't direct and a script that is so badly written that you will be laughing your head off at the same time you are throwing up at the pure stupidity of it ? You get one of the worse movies ever made . Keanu Reeves performance in this film is so bad , it makes his Bill and Ted movies look Oscar worthy . The direction from first time Director Frances Lawrence is flat out horrible with lousy direction and murky cinematography and the script is so badly written that you are really surprise by what you are hearing from the actors ' mouths from time to time . Of all the actors involved only Rachel Weisz and Djimon Hounsou are able to come out of this horrible film with their dignity intact with good performance that this movie really did not deserved . Other than them , almost everybody involved should hang their heads in shame for making such a bad movie .
 Horrible Keanu Reeves movie that is with out a doubt one of the worse films to come out of a mainstream studio in quite a while . Keanu gives one of the worse performances of his career and the movie itself is not worth its weight in the film it was created in . Rachel Weisz is the only actor in the film who comes out with her dignity intact and that 's because she does give an amazing performance that is way too mature and good for this film . She could have been a lead in a much better movie with her character other than to hold Keanu 's hand and to make sure he does not forget his lines , that 's how great her performance is here . Unfortunately while she is compelling in her role , the movie just does not hold your attention and you will end up feeling sorry for her for being stuck in this bad movie.The one star is for Rachel Weisz 's effort in respecting herself as an actor and her effort to give the audience more than the bad movie that is presented to them . The rest of the film does not warrant your attention or your time .
 Pretty bad special effects opus that insults more than entertains with a script that is full of cliches and inconstancies . Keanu Reeves is a ok actor when he 's not faced with something challenging but he 's criminally miscast as the detective who has a hand on the pulse of the supernatural . His presence lacks credibility and the reading of his lines of painfully funny in the wrong kind of way . Rachel Weisz on the up side does more with her character than the movie does with itself , giving a haunting and powerful performance that is WAY too good for this movie . She almost does too much for this film , while the film really does not do anything for her at all , that 's how good she is . Shia LaBeouf is alright but his overdoes his comedy stick way too much for his own good , making him more annoying than useful and Djimon Hounsou is criminally underused in a stereo type role and he 's way more talented than Keanu himself . The special effects were decent and some of the cinematography was great in showing the aspects of hell but with out a good a script or a real leading man , the movie is only held together by Weisz 's performance but she like the audience is let down by the climax , which really pulls the rest of the film apart and makes it into a three ring circus .
 I can take the fact that it 's not faithful to the comic , no comic book movie really is -LRB- With the exception of Sin City -RRB- but when the movie is done this badly , you have to stand up and call it like it is . Not only does this disgrace the popular comic book with a screenplay so poorly written that it makes junior high school term papers seem more intelligent but it has possible the worse actor playing the title role . Keanu Reeves is not only miscast , he 's down right dangerous to the movie because you do n't believe for one minute that he is the character . Someone wrote that he looked like he was doing a Batman impersonation and I have to agree with that because the John Constantine of the comic book was never as grim as his performance . Not only that but the comic book character was fought his enemies with his wits than the gun Keanu brands in the movie plus he knew what he was doing , something Keanu 's character seems like he never does . The story rips off several storylines from past issues of the comic book and does them no justice at all with how bad the screenplay is written . Most of the performances are hit and miss with the exception of the performance of Rachel Weisz , who I agree with the majority who have written their views here and everywhere is excellent and deserves a much better movie than this . She gives way too much talent and class to this movie and does almost make you want to look pass its huge problems because of her effort but she 's the only good thing that this movie has going for it while the rest of it almost bores you sleep with scenes that are paced too slowly and dialog that is flat out so stupid that you really ca n't believe on what you are hearing from some of the character 's mouths from time to time . The creature effects look horrible and the world of hell loses its luster after the first time you see it . Some of the special effects are shot in the dark and you really ca n't see certain scenes from time to time . I think the director was trying to give a kind of noir feel to the film but back out on what noir really means because he rather copy on what was done before than to come up with something truly original.If you like to watch bad movies , then have yourself a good time , because the movie is that bad but if you looking for a good film that respects the comic book , this is not it .
 Keanu Reeves plays John Constantine , a cross between Same Spade and Repairman Jack from the F. Paul Wilson novels . He deals with all kinds of supernatural occurrences all around Los Angeles . He builds a kind of reputation that is only heard in whispers and rumors and he 's quite known for being in the wrong place at the wrong time . Enter Angela Dodson -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- who needs his help with the mysterious suicide of her twin sister who jump off the roof of the mental hospital she was staying in . She believes that there is more to it than it seems and wants Constantine to help her figure it out . So they both embark on a investigation that includes half breed demons strait out of episodes of Buffy and Angel , angels that look way too asexual for words and the devil himself , who looks like he just got back from gambling trip in Atlantic City . Now if you think that I 'm being a tad over the top in my plot summery , think again . I 'm actually being way too kind . Now it 's very hard to start off with the good parts of the film with out addressing the very bad parts of it first and that 's Keanu Reeves himself . I do think that he 's a good actor with some promise but he 's miscast in this role as a hardboiled and cynical private eye with supernatural connections and his sour face demeanor does not help him out with his character at all . There is a subplot that involves that his heath adds nothing to the overall story at all and his character borders between self important idiot to whiney bastard that cries to god when he does not get his way . His transformation into his Neo persona during the last act of the film takes away a lot from what the movie was supposed to be all about and just turns it into a sad parody of itself . The screenplay feels like a hack job in some places and some characters do n't really serve a purpose at all other than to be killed off or to just be a part of the scenery . Some character do n't really need to be in the movie at all like the character of Chaz played by Shia LaBeouf , who really adds nothing to the movie other than to be a really bad side kick to our sour faced hero and the angel Gabriel who is played by Tilda Swinton , who for starters is only in the film for about ten minutes and really adds nothing to it other than to have a really bad scene with John Constantine that will make you sit up and take notice on how bad this film really is and the last act , where her character is a part of one of the most stupid plot revelations in recent movies -LRB- it involves the devil , who is dressed like a pool hall gambler from Atlantic City . -RRB- I do n't hold Tilda Swinton , responsible for this -LRB- she is a very good actress -RRB- as much as I hold the screenwriters who wrote her role because we do n't really know enough about her character to be surprise with the sudden turn around that she does in the last act of the film . The screenplay itself feels like it does not know what it wants to be from time to time , switching it 's tone from dark horror drama to dumb down action movie in the last fifteen minutes of the film and some of the dialog is so badly written that you are grinning your teeth to the bone when you hear it . While there are a lot of bad in this film , there are some bright spots that make the film somewhat bearable to sit though . The best of these is the performance of Rachel Weisz , which is literally holding this film together by a thin and dangling thread . She gives this movie something the script should have giving it and that something is called class . Her performance is gripping and soul searching and its what the film really should have been about if you had serious people behind scenes making it . Which is too bad because the movie would have worked much better as a standard supernatural thriller with just her character in it instead of the mind numbing mess that is presented to us here . Djmon Hounsou is great as well but he 's not really in the movie much at all and his character is really just there for camp effect , not substance . The special effects are cool for what they are and they do have a visual impact but not even that is strong enough to make you forget how cheesy the film is after it ends .
 Miserable Keanu Reeves film that is one of the worst movies ever made . Keanu is more than miscast in this film , he makes the film a real chore to watch with his horrible acting and lousy delivery of his lines . This is not his fault because he can be a good actor when he has the right material but he 's not working with a full deck here and he 's as bad as the film itself . The rest of the film is as bad as he is with a story that makes no sense and direction by music director who does not know the hell he is doing with the movie he 's making . Some plot points go no where in terms of furthering the story a long and certain revelations do n't makes any sense at all with the overall story . The special effects are not handled well and you really ca n't see much of the movie at all with how dark it is . Only Rachel Weisz and Peter Stormare do well with what they got and they both make this film bearable with their better than the script performances . Weisz deserves all the praise she is getting for her performance , and that 's really because she 's does give a better performance than the movie as a whole and Stormare does well with his ten minute cameo and does a better job with his role than most of the actors in the entire film.Now I have not read the comic book on which this film is based on but I hope it 's a hell of a lot better than this lousy film .
 In the world of `` Constantine , '' a lurid , bloodthirsty , stupid walk in that strange Catholic world of angels and demons , John Constantine -LRB- Keanu Reeves -RRB- has the gift of seeing said demons and angels on the earth as they apparently wage war for Earth . He 's pretty tortured by it , and once , before he knew his seeing was a gift , he attempted suicide , was dead for two wags of a dog 's tail , and , well , even though he lived , he 's destined for hell for merely attempting a mortal sin . He 's also graced with the knowledge that he 's destined for hell . The archangel Gabriel -LRB- Tilda Swinton -RRB- tells him so . That 's a helluva thing.So cop Angela Dodson -LRB- Rachel Weisz -RRB- walks into John 's life . Her twin sister was a mental patient who climbed to the top of a skyscraper and swan dove . That being a mortal sin - now she 's in hell . Angela wants to go in hell herself , and has to immerse herself in a tub of cold water to do so . `` Whatever you do , '' John says , `` do n't close your eyes . '' Eventually it 's John , the cop , and Gabriel vs. Satan -LRB- Peter Stormare -RRB- and the lead singer from Bush in a holy rumble.Modern comic books and the movies about them are a lot more obsessed with anti-heroes - think `` Spawn , '' `` Sin City , '' `` Blade , '' and `` Hellboy '' - than they are heroes , and `` Constantine '' is firmly in that category
 The movie stars Keanu Reeves as a detective that deals with the supernatural who helps a female police officer fight against the forces of evil in order to save her twin sister 's soul from the forces of evil . The story is ok but it lacks a bit of originality and some of the acting is not really that good . Keanu Reeves is miscast in his role and a better actor could have done more with it . Rachel Weisz does gives a very dark and wonderful performance that is really more complex than the film itself but the movie is more interested in special effects than to really focus on the other much better actors in the film and that 's the movie 's biggest mistake right there because the special effects are not that very good to begin with . Djimon Hounsou and Peter Stormare are good as well but they are reduce to a few scenes , which is a shame because both of them have more interesting characters than the main character himself.Worth a look but do n't hold your breath for anything spectacular .
 About the only interesting factor in this boring , languid flick is watching Keanu lighting up an endless supply of smokes . Even in the rain , he 's whipping out that good ole lighter and puffing away . Only thing is he looks and acts like someone whose never puffed anything stronger than hemp . He does n't appear to enjoy al those ciggies . I 'm around dedicated smokers all the time and when they inhale that smoke , they appear transported into a little bit of heaven . Oh , yeah , somewhere in this convuluted mess are computer generated monsters who look like they were created by a kindergarten class .
 First , let me set you straight . I love horror from 1920 's silents up to the down n ' dirty sadistic slashers , gut-munching zombies , and so on . This film along with numerous others that have come along in the last ten years or so seem to delight in just tons of nudity -LRB- which I do n't mind -RRB- and torture scenes with no story whatsoever -LRB- which is unforgivable -RRB- !!! I know that this is the same gripe Ebert gave to Friday the 13th. , but those types of films at least tried to give an iota of suspense . These films just want to shock you as to how far they can go , and let the director 's film their own sick adolescent desires.All I can say is that there is some beautiful girls who take off almost eveything . That would be the only draw because there is really no gore -LRB- some fake amateur blood -RRB- and I do not get off on rape . Some plot about luring girls to a snuff film audition was incredibly stupid . What girl is going to audition for a snuff film?I really ca n't say anything else about this incredibly steaming pile of s *** !!! I know this review will incite others to curiosity , but there is nothing here . The only people who could enjoy this type of `` horror '' is very disturbed teens with dysfunctional family lives .
 I 'm a huge Kinks fan and had never seen Return To Waterloo -LRB- although I had the album released by Ray at the time of the film 's release -RRB- . When it finally appeared on DVD I thought I should check it out . It 's a dreary mess of a film notable only for an early appearence by actor Tim Roth . The songs are certainly very good -LRB- although not quite up to the level of Arthur or Village Green -RRB- . RTW stands as an interesting failure.The videos from the Kinks renewed popularity during the late 70 's and early 80 's are a hoot . Before MTV had reduced videos to little more than slick commericals , videos were amateurish enough to be fun . In this post MTV age they 've become overproduced unimaginative messes -LRB- although thee are certainly a handful of worthy short `` films '' from the early years of MTV most are pretty bad now -RRB- . Oh dear , I sound like a crabby old youngman!Anyhow , the videos are fun and it 's always nice to see the band performing even if its just lip synching and performances to backing tracks . I 'd definitely rank Come Dancing and Do It Again at the top of the videos the Kinks made -LRB- the latter song is an underrated gem that borrows the opening chord from A Hard Day 's Night and manages to return the favor the Who did for the band when they `` borrowed '' the Kinks sound early in their career -RRB- . Worth having just for the videos and seeing the band in more successful days . As for RTW I 'd record the songs onto a CDR play that and ignore the film . 1 star for RTW and 3 for the videos average out to 2 for the package .
 I 'm a huge Kinks fan -LRB- look at my screen name -RRB- , and this film confirms why I 'm a Kinks fan
 Nova 's Vision DVD is not focused . It has a short section on the actual topic and then digresses to the Art World and a Navajo sand-painting adventure.Vision was somewhat interesting as it described how we see - the eye is the lens and the cortex is the `` television screen . But it is more than just the image projected on the cortex . About a third of the brain is devoted to processing what we see . The images we see are a prodigious medium of communication , in which everything is in a halo of meaning . Perception and vision go hand in hand.However , although vision is well described in the first 15-20 minutes , Ackerman causes confusion and digresses to how long it takes to do a Navajo sand-painting -LRB- and the spiritual meaning of the painting -RRB- . We also meet a pop artist who uses comic book `` dots '' for his paintings . A stroke patient who can see , but does not recognize faces , is given a short feature in Vision as a large part of his cortex was damaged between the artists and methods of painting.This DVD was way too long for the information on vision it provided . When finished , I was not sure if it was about Navajo sand-paintings or how we see . The artists featured took away from the point of the DVD .
 I was excited about this dvd given the quality of other Nova productions but that faded fast once I started watching it . The dvd spends most of the hour on a native Indian and how he uses the art of sand painting to express his view of the world . This was not what I expected . There were parts however , that did get into how the eye works and how there are 4 sections of the brain used for seeing -LRB- the 4 parts are form , shape , color , and movement -RRB- and somehow the brain presents us with a unified experience of all these processes . Also , how the same neuro-pathways we use for imagining an object and actually seeing it are the same . I really enjoyed those parts yet so much time was spent on the subjective evaluations of how this Indian sees the world that I considered it a waste of time . The ratio was about 20 minutes on vision / brain activity and 40 minutes on this Indian 's view of the world . Very disappointing indeed .
 This was one of the worst Sci Fi movies ever ! You have to turn the car off or the EM pulse will fry it ? Pretty sure it will still fry the electronics when it 's off , probably wo n't kill you though . The big Army truck gets fried as do the guys in it and the good Dr says it fried the the battery and starter . He whips out his cute little red tool box and swaps the battery and alternator from their Jeep Liberty and the big diesel starts ! Yeah , right . Apparently the biggest nuclear bombs ever made are pretty light , it only took four guys to load them into the truck , how did they get them into the Russian sub that just happened to be on the west coast ? An old Russian Diesel sub can make it to the bottom of the Marianas Trench ? 36,000 feet down ? Really ? And the guy with the pacemaker , why did n't the earlier EM pulses fry his pacemaker ? These are just some of the gross abuses of reality , there are many more , do n't bother unless you want something to laugh at , in disbelief .
 Ca n't watch this dvd has everytime I put in on a screen appears that says This film can not be viewed in your area . What a con !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 A Sy Fy original movie , Polar Storm -LRB- 2009 -RRB- is a poorly written film that you will probably regret watching . As planetary disaster films go , it features a variation on the typical Earth impacted by a comet scenario , but it is still jam packed with a ton of standard clich&eacute;s , B-grade special effects , bad acting , and a silly plot . As we have seen numerous times before , saving the planet will depend on yet another mission involving the launch of nuclear weapons.After being struck by a comet , astrophysicist James Mayfield -LRB- Jack Coleman -RRB- is the only one who realizes that the planet 's magnetic field has shifted , spelling disaster for life on earth . Mayfield 's estranged father is a US Army general -LRB- Terry David Mulligan -RRB- who deals directly with the President -LRB- Roger Cross -RRB- . The Government is skeptical about Mayfield 's theories , but after the messed up magnetic fields generate destructive electromagnetic pulses -LRB- emp 's -RRB- and cause the earth 's surface to crack open -LRB- amazingly the fissures seem to mirror the path of roadways -RRB- , it becomes clear that James Mayfield is correct.To save the planet , the President backs Mayfield 's plan to set off nuclear explosions in the Mariana trench , deep beneath the sea . The only functional submarine is an old Russian vessel moored on the west coast , and both Mayfields are aboard for a suicide mission to save the planet . The sub makes the journey which should take days , in no time at all . Mayfield , who is apparently also an expert in nuclear weapons , arms the bombs . The sub launches the bombs , and then heads into a live volcano on the ocean floor as the only possible route for survival . This ploy is so hokey that the film fades out , and when action resumes the world has been saved . What a chicken way to end this disaster of a movie.The filler to pad out this tense drama , concerns Mayfield 's schoolteacher wife -LRB- Holly Dignard -RRB- , and his annoying `` troubled '' son . Sadly , their attempts to survive may be more interesting the adventure to save the planet . With central characters that are badly written and annoying , and a dumb plot , there 's not much to recommend about this film . If you wish to punish yourself , you may be able to view it Sy Fy , before you consider spending your hard earned coin .
 During 2009 a boom in science fiction flicks took place -LRB- including several made for TV -RRB- , but in terms of quality there is a clear divide . There were a handful of excellent productions such asDistrict 9 , Avatar , Moon andStar Trek ; others were just acceptable such asSurrogatesandTerminator Salvation ; 2012barely stands in the middle thanks to its superb SFX , but the rest of the crop is deplorable , and Polar Storm unquestionably belongs to the poor crop , which among others includeImpact , Meteor ,2012
 After purchasing the first in this series of DVDs , I was eagerly awaiting the next one in the series . However I was disapointed in this vid . Their were less episodes on this disk than the first one and fewer extras . I will admit that the story is still excellent , although frustrating at times , and the animation is superb . ... I would rather buy the Robotech legacy DVD or even Fight Club instead of this vid.Sincerely : David C. Eberhart II
 It offers nothing but mystery . The first volume was left me a bit clueless . I had bought this hoping it would answer some of the questions of the first volume , like what is up with the ceremony , the main charector or even what does the TA 's have to do with any of this . It appears to be extremely slow . So far there is nothing much more than talking with a little bit of action in the 2 DVDs . It makes it seem like you need to buy the next DVD for the answers , but they do not give enough episodes per DVD for price and I usually do not buy any more of a series if I did not enjoy the first few episodes , more of less the first 7 . This DVD make me feel like I would be wasting money if I were to finish the series . I recommend watching one of the Gundam series , at least that might offer more action , plot or even comedy .
 This movie seemed a bit okay . I got the story and everything , but there were some minor parts that really did n't make any sense at all . Well basically , it is about an `` Everyday '' Joe who ends up being `` BEST BUDS '' with the popular boy in highschool after the Vietnam war . Well , the story ended up being a `` Happy '' ending , but some of the parts tends to be a little bit on the psychotic side . Like as if the story was pulling you into thinking that the friends were lovers or that they had a few glasses and what not . NOTE
 The book was one of the most funny I 've read , and the film just did n't do it justice . One improvement is that Sonny 's character is much sweeter and more likeable in the film than in the book , but the finer points of the story have been lost . The part about the beard , for example , which was n't just very touching , and funny , but incredibly shocking to someone born in 1964 and had never known a time when beards were downright subversive ! All the actors were excellent -- but more of the book could have been written into the film.Also , to a previous reviewer , the time frame of the story is in the early ' 50 's -- they were NOT returning from the Vietnam War ! The Korean War was in the early ' 50 's ; the Vietnam War did n't begin till 1964 !
 A very unsatisfying sequel to the wonderful `` Heroic Trio . '' The movie is dark and quite frankly very depressing . Three of the most likable major characters die horribly . Defeat and darkness seem to be the major themes here . There are also other problems ; the villain is unbelievably silly , even by HK action movie standards . Master Kim , the villain , spends much of his time in the movie talking to a severed head . Michelle Yeoh is barely in the movie , and much of Anita Mui 's screentime is limited to domestic scenes with her husband , who apparently has forbidden her to be Wonder Woman now that she has a child . Maggie Cheung has to carry a lot of the plot -LRB- such as it is -RRB- as a result , and she 's definitely not up to the task in this movie . Instead of appearing scrappy and self-reliant , as in Heroic Trio , her character in `` Executioners '' comes off as shrill , mean-spirited , and not very bright.But I do n't know if anyone could have worked with this ruin of a plot . Even by HK action standards , the plot is lacking . Several of the most interesting plot threads that began in Heroic Trio -LRB- the fact that Wonder Woman and Invisible Girl are sisters , for example -RRB- are dropped completely or handled poorly in this movie . The characters are denied the depth and humanity they could have had . The actresses -LRB- for the most part -RRB- do the best they can with the script -LRB- except for Cheung , who really is not very likable here -RRB- , but the overall pessimism and ugliness eventually overwhelms them - and everyone else in the movie.Overall , this sequel is very disappointing . I can wholeheartedly recommend `` Heroic Trio , '' but not this movie . Fans of the first film would be well advised to give this one a pass . There 's really nothing to recommend this depressing , sludgy mess .
 Okay , so here 's a question
 Lem me start off by saying that I really did want to like this film . I loved the pop art Heroic Trio and all it 's silliness , but this film just fell so flat for me . I can handle it being a dark film , but this is pitch black and so grim!After a devastating nuclear war , pure water is scarce in HK . The three fighting Divas must once again regroup as ` the Heroic Trio ' to battle an evil overlord and vie for control of the purified water.This film could have worked if it had a little more in the script department . The action sequences were top notch and it did have a very intriguing plot . But it wasted so much time on thinking of ways to kill of it 's characters.Maggie Cheung -LRB- So BEAUTIFUL ! -RRB- returns as Chat -LRB- formerly known as theif catcher -RRB- . Anita Mui now has a daughter -LRB- constantly in peril , very annoying ! -RRB- , and spends most of her time locked up in prison . She avoids the poisoned food and becomes so hungry that she ... . Michelle Yeoh has very little screen time and spends most of it protecting the pure water . Lau Ching wan , Takeshi Kaneshiro , and Anthony Wong -LRB- three of my favorites -RRB- all turn up supporting roles , but are nowhere nearly used to their fullest!Overall , very dissapointing .
 I being a big Michele Yeoh fan ordered this Dvd because I could n't find it to rent anywhere.I hoped that It would be good because I fugured , hey , If she 's in it it ca n't be that bad . Boy was I wrong ! The plot is weak and the story is bizarre . If you know whats good for you rent it first if can , if you ca n't do n't buy this dvd .
 I do n't know what it is about this movie , but it 's horrible . That 's a particularly sad thing to say after Heroic Trio is one of the best Hong Kong movies in a long time . I 'm not sure if I 'm annoyed with Michelle Yoeh 's prolonged death or her prolonged presence with nothing to do for the rest of the movie , or the fact that the husband is killed 20 minutes into the movie.It 's not just that this is one of the dumber Hong Kong movies I 've seen , it 's also that it had a potential to be really great . It has great stars , it 's a sequel to an amazing movie and it just falls flat . Too many places where nothing 's happening , dumb jokes , awful musical montages and the fight scenes do n't excite me.Nothing really to recommend in this movie . I suppose if you are a diehard fan of Anita Mui , Michelle Yoeh or Maggie Cheung -LRB- whose better in Green Snake -RRB- watch it , but be prepared to be disappointed .
 I purchased the Tory Spelling x2 from Amazon and have watched `` Mind Over Murder '' which is a really boring movie . There is absolutely no suspense . The movies spends 90 % of its time with a silly ridiculous plot and at the end when they tried to up the suspense it was a disappointment as well . I 'll try watching House Sitter and see if that is more interesting but I doubt if I would even watch `` Mind Over Murder '' for a second viewing because it is really really `` mindless over murder '' . P.S. I usually watch and enjoy Lifetime Movies especially the thrillers but this one is so bad . Too bad .
 I had seen the Batman video years ago on youtube where he battled the Joker , Predator , and Aliens . That led me to this movie Hunter/Prey , since the leading actor had played Batman in that video years ago . I read some of the reviews and thought , `` What the heck ! '' Unfortunately , this movie was a waste . It had tones of the old Dennis Quaid movie Enemy Mine , but sadly it did n't have the heart that movie did . The plot was silly and the acting was terrible . It 's one of those movies where it 's not bad enough to turn off , but when you do finish watching it , you 'll wish you had n't wasted the time . There was potential , but I would guess the writing is to blame in this circumstance . As far as Sleep Dealer , it was n't anything to write home to mom about , but out of the two it was definitely the better movie . I actually found parts of it interesting and even thought the ending was somewhat silly , I felt better about the experience on this one .
 Sorry BUT this entire production left me coldabsolutelyZERO WARMTH OR PASSIONVIEWED IT TWICE AND THEN HAPPILY SOLD IT
 This DVD is not good . It 's to short 43min . and including many songs in playback . To much talk and few songs .
 -LRB- FYI-I consider myself a huge Waylon fan -RRB- I recently purchased this DVD and I have to say I was a little disappointed . I was quite surprised that other people gave it such great ratings . The fact that Robert Duvall is pretending to be his psychiatrist throughout the video was a little strange and the acting was quite corny and not comical as others had mentioned . I enjoyed the scenes and interviews with Hank Jr. but other than that this video was just strange and very dated . If you are looking for a Waylon video that is truly a biography I suggest `` Waylon - Renegade Outlaw Legend '' The DVD shows a lost/rare RCA footage of a concert at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville and I believe it was one of his best concerts . There were times I got choked up watching the Renegade video and it really goes into detail about his life and background as a one of country 's greatest artist . Another recent purchase was the CD `` Never Say Die - The Complete Final Concert '' which is Waylon 's last concert at the Ryman theatre . This CD includes a bonus DVD with excellent interviews with Waylon and a behind the scenes concert practice .
 Nice to see Old Stoney again . Wish it had been the show about the Horse Killers .
 I received and returned two copies of this miniseries because episode 2 of the first disk had serious skips , often returning to the beginning of the disk . I very much want a copy of this superb program but am afraid to reorder . Has anyone else had this problem ? I would certainly give the program five stars were it not for the technical glich .
 This movie needs be rated R ! The language was unbelievably bad and there were lots of passionate bedrooms scenes . Sex was brought up too many times to count . When one of the male characters makes reference to one of his body parts , we turned it off . There is also a gay character . Not sure what other characters say about him because we muted the conversation . My family and I were so disgusted . The story-line was good and interesting . Could have been such a good movie , but with all the other junk , we just could n't get past it . VERY dissapointed !!!
 Watched this some weeks ago and really ca n't remember it other than to say it was not what I was looking for . Thought it would give more info about how the mind works , diseases of the mind , basic anatomy and physiology but seems that it only focused on a few stories of people with mind issues . More of a bio on those few featured rather than an overview of the mind itself . Returned this one immediately and again got great service/full refund from Amazon.com , thanks !
 It would have been a great family movie if it did n't have the sex scene 's -LRB- they 're benign for older children , but too much for the under 12 crowd -RRB- . No one over 12 would call this a good movie . The script is weak and predictable ; the direction is terrible .
 Prison break films are a staple of Hollywood and even TV nowadays . They go back to the earliest years of the talkie period . `` The Big House '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- was the first film to gain wide critical and popular acclaim . Films like Hell 's House '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , Hell 's Highway '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , `` 20,000 Years in Sing Sing '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- and `` The Mayor from Hell '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- followed , as well as the chain gang films , the most famous of which was `` I am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- and later `` Cool Hand Luke '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- . In addition to the standard prison film and chain gang films , there are a number of other sub genres like `` women in prison films '' - `` Caged '' -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , `` Women in Cages '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- - and `` escape from POW camps '' - `` The Great Escape '' -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , `` The Colditz Story '' -LRB- 1955 -RRB- - films.Here in 1947 we have a run of the mill escape from prison story , notable only for the quality of the cast that includes Burt Lancaster , Charles Bickford , Sam Levene , Jeff Corey and Howard Duff among the prisoners and Hume Cronyn and Jay C Flippen among the guards . The film was said to be inspired by a 1946 attempted escape from Alcatraz , but in fact the plot points are so ordinary that no explanatory is necessary.Burt Lancaster -LRB- 1913-94 -RRB- plays the tough guy and the ring leader of the escape . Lancaster was noted for his athleticism -LRB- `` Flame and the Arrow '' , `` Jim Thorpe '' , `` Crimson Pirate '' , `` Trapeze '' -RRB- , his intensity -LRB- `` Come Back Little Sheba '' , `` From Here to Eternity '' , `` The Rose Tattoo '' , `` Elmer Gantry '' -RRB- , and his marvelous westerns -LRB- `` Gunfight at OK Corral '' , `` Vera Cruz '' , `` The Professionals '' , `` Valdez is Coming '' -RRB- , but it 's his character studies in this film , `` Birdman of Alcatraz '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , and `` Atlantic City '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- where we really see his true power as an actor . This was his second film , coming off a tremendous debut in `` The Killers '' -LRB- 1946 -RRB- at the age of 32 . Lancaster was nominated for an Oscar in 1953 for `` From Here to Eternity '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- and would be nominated 3 more times and win for `` Elmer Gantry '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- . He was nominated for a Golden Globe 5 times , starting in 1956 -LRB- `` The Rainmaker '' -RRB- and including `` Birdman of Alcatraz '' -LRB- 1962 -RRB- and `` Atlantic City '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . He appears as # 19 on the AFI list of Top 50 Screen Legends.Hume Cronyn -LRB- 1911-2003 -RRB- plays a power hungry Captain . He had 7 Emmy nominations and 3 wins -LRB- `` To Dance with the White Dog '' , `` Broadway Bound '' , `` Age Old Friends '' -RRB- but it probably best known for `` Cocoon '' -LRB- 1985 -RRB- . Most of his roles were as `` good guys '' so it 's interesting to see him play the bad guy . Unfortunately he is not all that convincing.Crusty Charles Bickford plays the con in charge . Bickford appeared in nearly 100 films . He was nominated for an Oscar three times -LRB- `` Song of Bernadette '' in 1943 , `` The Farmer 's Daughter '' in 1947 , and `` Johnny Belinda '' in 1949 -RRB- , and each time , the actress who played opposite him won the Oscar for Best Actress - Jennifer Jones , Loretta Young , and Jane Wyman.Fellow inmates Sam Levene and Jeff Corey appeared in `` The Killers '' with Lancaster . Both men were a staple in film noir and gangster films . Levene appeared in `` Crossfire '' , several `` Thin Man '' films , and `` Slaughter on 10th Avenue '' . Jeff Corey appeared in more than 100 films -LRB- `` Butch Cassidy '' , `` In Cold Blood '' -RRB- and best remembered for his role as Wild Bill Hickock in `` Little Big Man '' He was blacklisted in the 50s and became an acting coach to such notables as James Dean , Robert Blake , Leonard Nimoy , and Jack Nicholson.Jay C Flippen -LRB- 1899-1971 -RRB- plays a guard . He appeared in more than 50 films between 1929 and 1971 . He was often paired with Jimmy Stewart -LRB- `` Winchester 73 '' , `` The Far Country '' , `` Strategic Command '' , `` Firecreek '' -RRB- and . John Wayne -LRB- `` Jet Pilot '' , `` Flying Leathernecks '' , `` Hellfighters '' -RRB- . In the 50s he transitioned to TV where he was a regular on series like `` Ensign O'Toole '' -LRB- 1962-3 -RRB- and `` The Virginian '' -LRB- 1966-9 -RRB- . This was the film debut of Howard Duff -LRB- 1913-90 -RRB- who is probably most famous for his TV series with wife Ida Lupino , `` Mr. Adams and Eve '' -LRB- 1957-8 -RRB- . In the film credits he is identified as the `` Voice of Sam Spade '' which he was at the time for NBC Radio.Jules Dassin -LRB- 1911-2008 -RRB- directs . Dassin did a number of film noir movies -LRB- `` The Naked City '' , `` Thieves Highway '' , `` Night and the City '' -RRB- before getting in trouble during the HUAC witchhunt and left for Europe where he made `` Rififi '' -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , one of the earliest heist movies . In 1961 he was nominated for an Oscar as director and writer for `` Never on Sunday '' . FWIW - Jules Dassin , Hume Cronyn , Jeff Corey , Roman Bohnen -LRB- played the warden -RRB- , and Art Smith -LRB- played Dr. Walters -RRB- all were blacklisted.William Daniels -LRB- 1901-70 -RRB- is the cinematographer . Garbo insisted he shoot all her films , which he did , except for 2 -LRB- `` Conquest '' , `` Two-faced Woman '' -RRB- which turned out to be flops at the box office . When not working with Garbo , Daniels was a favorite of Erich von Stroheim , who was Garbo 's favorite director -LRB- even though she made 6 films with Clarence Brown -RRB- . Daniels lensed more than 150 films . He was nominated 3 times -LRB- `` Anna Christie '' , `` Cat on a Hot Tin Roof '' , `` How the West was Won '' -RRB- and won once -LRB- `` Naked City '' in 1948 -RRB- . Unfortunately this is one of his poorest efforts.Miklos Rozsa -LRB- 1907-95 -RRB- scored more than 100 films and earned 16 Oscar nominations and 3 wins -LRB- `` A Double Life '' , `` Spellbound '' , `` Ben Hur '' -RRB- . A talented composer , his work in this film is so melodramatic it borders on the comical .1947 was n't the best year for films . The Oscar winners were `` Miracle on 34th Street '' and `` Gentlemen 's Agreement '' and the box office leaders included `` Unconquered '' , `` The Bachelor and the Bobby Soxer '' , `` Mother Wore Tights '' and `` Life with Father . '' Other notable films that year were `` Dark Passage '' -LRB- Bogart -RRB- , `` The Lady From Shanghai '' -LRB- Orson Welles -RRB- , and `` Possessed '' -LRB- Joan Crawford -RRB- . The NY Times ' Bosley Crowther criticized the characterizations , saying `` the foremost prisoners in this latest Mark Hellinger film seem to be rather all-around good fellows who deserve our most generous regard '' and `` On the other hand , the warden of the prison is an obvious ineffectual , the doctor is a philosophical drunkard and the captain of the guards is a rogue . `` There are lots of problems with this film , apart from the poor production values.It 's called `` Brute Force '' but there is really very little force , much less brute force . True , one inmate is forced to stumble into a stamping machine and another is tied to a chain and beaten with a rubber hose . But that 's it folks ! And there is almost no internal violence , nor any sense that this is n't a safe place to be , apart from the Captain and his one violent aide.Moreover , the idea of showing back stories is intrusive helping to slow down the pace of the film , which is n't all that great in the first place.This film is a big disappointment , considering how talented the actors are and considering that this was 1947 . If you 're looking for good prison escape films , here are my favorites - `` I am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , `` Each Dawn I Die '' -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , `` Cool Hand Luke '' -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , `` Papillion '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , `` Midnight Express '' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , `` Escape from New York '' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , `` The Shawshank Redemption '' -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , and `` The Escapist '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB-
 `` Nothing 's okay , '' Westgate Penitentiary inmate Joe Collins -LRB- Burt Lancaster -RRB- says , `` I got ta get out . '' That 's because the sadistic screws are keeping the otherwise tractable inmates down with BRUTE FORCE . You treat a man like an animal and he turns into one , right?At least so sayeth the usually reliable director Jules Dassin in this overripe movie about a prison on the edge of explosion . You see , the bad guys - the inmates - have a backstory , told in a series of flashbacks , that proves they 're good guys under the prison grays . They just got hooked up with bad women who made them do bad things . Flashbacks do n't lie . They do n't necessarily entertain , or keep a movie chugging onward at a comfortable clip , but they do n't lie . The prison officials , on the other hand ... the otherwise decent warden is weak and vacillating . The avuncular doctor drowns his reprehension in brandy , emerging from his alcoholic stupor periodically to crack wry about the inhumanity of it all.The baddest good guy is Capt. Munsey -LRB- ` Sir ' to you -RRB- , Hume Cronyn , an effete sociopath with a blood taste for dishing it out -LRB- he seems particularly fond of whips -RRB- and a penchant for the insinuating seduction.I wanted to like it , but as BRUTE FORCE plodded forward , piling melodramatic excess on melodramatic excess , I found myself fighting it . Fighting the notion that everyone in effective authority was a heartless goon , the ineffective ones were broken -LRB- presumably by the ruthless System -RRB- , and the inmates were misunderstood choirboys . Despite its good looks , good performances and exciting final scene I had too many `` Aw , c'mon '' moments to honestly say I liked this movie.The transfer print is in good condition , and the disk includes a hands-free Stills Pressbook Gallery with a number of behind-the-scene photographs , publicity stills , lobby cards and posters .
 When i first heard of the possibility of a star blazers dvd i was quite excited.Unfortunately once i received it , i was throughly disappointed.Even though the original program was quite old , voyager could have done a much better job here.They cut corners to save money.Even some of the poorest vcd 's have better video and sound quality than this dvd edition.You would do yourself much better to buy the current video tapes that are out there.As long as you have a halfway decent vcr , you 'll do much better than this dvd edition.Keep your eye out for the japanese edition dvd 's . I 'm sure they are coming , if they are n't out already.They wo n't cut corners at the expense of quality.Save your money and spend it on some other anime dvd 's like sol bianca . -LRB- Do n't waste your money on the funimation dragonball z dvds , or the evangelion dvd 's either.Their quality is almost bad as this -RRB-
 I 'm still not sure what the Rating systems is for , the content or the product . I think it should be for the product since that 's what 's being sold . Or maybe amazon should start a dual rating system . This dvd release is really bad . It looks like they got ahold of some tapes from tv station back in the 70 's . I 've been comparing it to the chinese release of the original japanese series ... there is absolutely no comparison . The only reason I would buy this series is for the american soundtrack . It 's nostalgic . If you 're watching Star Blazers for the first time , just get the chinese version , it 's way less expensive , 26 episodes for about $ 40 -LRB- compared to 5 episodes for $ 30 ??? -RRB- , it has the original japanese dialogue with english subtitles , it 's UNCUT -LRB- and there was a bit cut from the american version -RRB- and WHAT QUALITY !! It looks like they got the original film negatives and remastered it . This american dvd ... well . . that 's greed for you . Let 's hope the voyager license expires soon !
 I would have loved to give this DVD a 5 star rating , but I ca n't . I consider myself a life long member of the Star Force and have waited for years for the DVD release of this brilliant series . However , I can honestly say that I do n't think I 've seen a DVD yet where less effort was involved in its production.There are * no * extras at all . The title and chapter selection screens are just plain ugly . But who cares ? Those are just cosmetic anyway right ? Still , it shows how little they cared about doing a good job . The DVD also clocks in at about 112 minutes -LRB- the first 5 episodes of the first season -RRB- , which I feel is not a good value considering the capacity of DVD and the aforementioned lack of extras . But then again , the VHS tapes were even worse . Perhaps the most disappointing aspect of this DVD release is that the sound and image quality are poor . Of course , the sound and picture quality were poor back in the 80 's when I used to watch this show , but you 'd think that they 'd try just a little bit harder to polish it up and remaster the sound before committing this show to digital posterity.If it was n't for my sheer unadulterated love of this show , I would say that this is the worst DVD in my collection ... and that 's a shame .
 I have the movie in vhs but wanted to purchase it on dvd for my younger grandchildren who love the vhs . The vhs is giving us trouble . When I ordered the dvd they said it was in stock and charged me for the dvd . Then I was given a refund and told they did not have it . I would really like to have this dvd for my babies . I was very disappointed . I wish you would n't have said you had it then said you did n't . My review for the dvd is excellent but for your company ... poor .
 Before I purchased this , I saw cutouts for Heidi Marks role . Many of the scene I saw were not in this version on DVD . I do not know if the film was edited or the cutouts were literally the stuff let out of the final version of the episode . At any rate I did not find Heidi 's episode very erotic . It looked like it had been hacked to pieces .
 This is n't worth buying , the copy of the movie is horrible , a complete waste of money !!! I looked forward seeing it again , but it is very bad copy of a pretty good movie .
 Other reviewers have given the plot , so I 'll skip that part . I watched this and do n't understand what the excitement is about . Bergman is a prop here , with very little actual camera time . There is about 5 seconds of tension , and when the tense moments are resolved -LRB- the scene could have lasted longer -RRB- , the ending becomes clear . Too predictable for me .
 Like any other great sitcom , it was no suprise that this show has completely `` jumped the shark . '' The season premiere was enjoyable -LRB- as well as a few episodes later on when Will started a long term relationship with Lisa - played by Nia Long -RRB- , but many of the episodes became way too obnoxious to attempt to compensate for increasing number of serious episodes that occured on seasons 3 and 4 . Starting with this season , most of the characters are even louder and more obnoxious than previous season . Geoffrey , the butler appears to be the only character on the show who appears to be more humorous as the seasons progressed . Not one episode retains its magic from the first 3 seasons and I think the series should have ended with season 4 . It was bad enough that Janet Hubert was replaced with the lame Daphne Maxwell-Reid last season , but it got worse when the producers aged baby Nicky four more years -LRB- recruiting young actor , Ross Bagley -RRB- for this season . If you are a fan of the entire series , purchase this and the final season with caution , unless you can get a really good deal for them or just want to use them for collection .
 Why the description mentions the 5 episodes when , for some reason , you only actually get 1 with each genre of tour -LRB- and you do n't get to choose which one -RRB- , I am not sure . $ 2.99 for 24 minutes of view time is ridiculous . I hope it is a glitch and that it gets fixed because it is a super silly problem .
 i 'm STILL waiting to receive it since Xmas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ca n't seem to track it and do n't know who to send an email to ???????????? can you help track this down ????????????
 I get that pay cable shows can show whatever they want , but with `` shameless '' they 're just doing it because they can . It 's a COMPLETELY inaccurate portrayal of 95 % of the residents of the south side of Chicago and they commonly mistake normal Chicago landmarks . It seems as if it 's a show made by people from California who have no clue about what Chicago is like.p.s . I call bulls *** on ANY girl who looks like Emmy Rossum shoveling s *** for a living . It just does n't happen . I do n't care how poor they supposedly are .
 This could possibly be the worst movie ever made . I like a dumb comedy just like the next guy . But this movie is just plain STUPID !! The acting is awful , and the plot is ridiculously dumb . It would be easier to give me the twenty bucks that you would spend on this movie , and have me punch you in your stomach . Trust me , it would be less painful .
 One of the worst films ever made . Seriously , dude!Ashton Kutcher from That '70s Show and Seann Wiliam Scott from American Pie . The show and movie are wastelands . No talent whatsoever . I contrast this with the classic Dazed and Confused which is a gold mine of talent , even the people in minor roles.So these two guys awake to find that they had such a good time they forgot the previous night . They also ca n't find their car . A lot of talk about `` shibby . '' This is a shameless poseur stoner comedy . Dude , how 's that for adjectives?As for the space aliens , Ed Wood did it better in Plan 9 From Outer Space .
 I wish I had never pressed the Play button .
 How did this piece of junk ever get made ? Granted , I 'm not a teenager , but I hope that even teenagers have brains enough to recognize a dog when they see one ! The only reason I viewed this film is because of the previews , they were pretty comical . But three or four scenes do n't make a movie . What 's wrong with screen writers these days ? Whoever wrote this must have been related to some one in upper management , otherwise it would have never been produced . The writer should have smoked the script , it would have saved us all some money .
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen . Do n't get me wrong , I love movies like Dumb and Dumber , Road Trip , and Me , Myself , and Irene , but this movie made those three look like Academy Award Winners . It was just horrible , please do not go waste your time . The plot was horrible and I wish I had n't spent the $ 4.36 to rent the DVD . I would have given this far lower than one star , but that is the lowest .
 Ok , ok , we all know about my affinity for Ashton Kutcher , however I do n't give all his movies 5 stars . Dude , is absolutely ridiculous , stupid , pointless , basically , a classic stoner comedy . While it has no real point to it , it does have some pretty funny lines and that 's what earns it 2 stars . In my opinion , the movie is nowhere near as raunchy as it has to be . Movies like this are based on cheap laughs , and when it 's PG-13 without a single boob or F bomb , it 's just nothing special . By the end the film , it was just totally out of control . I should have just turned it off , but I suffered through to the end . Basically this movie was the foundation for Harold & Kumar . It was ok , but just was n't funny enough .
 Its just another hormonal teen movie centured around sex and drugs . This movie lacks intelligence , and the plot does n't flow well.Two friends are dating , and one day on the date of the twins girlfriends birthday , they lose thier car . Thinking that the twin have some sex in store for them , they go on an adventure to find their car . Memories are lost because of the ' r wild night before . While on the way , they get thrown into another stupid plot , to find a machine for a group of women who plan to give them erotic plasure if they bring it to them.My best advice is to stay away from this ignorant picture .
 Dude ... Were they kidding ! Who wrote up this script . Humor only a -LSB- donkey -RSB- would find funny ! Like another reviewer said sometimes if its a comedy movie there is usually some hope in the script but no mercy here just a couple of duds in a movie ! Try again Hollywood !
 This movie was very boring . Was not interested at all .
 I am so glad I rented this and did n't see it in the theater . It was those kind of movies that someone in middle school or high school would watch . I am now a college guy and I did n't even thought it was funny . When I saw this it was only 78 minutes with no jokes and I am being serious 78 minutes with no jokes there was maybe like only one joke in the movie and that 's it . I do like Seann William Scott the guy who played Stiffler in the hilarious movie American Pie but this was one of his worst movies ever made . I ca n't wait for American Pie 2 to come out and I hope that 's a lot better then this piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- . This was the worst movie I have seen since The Stupids . If you want to see a better comedy movie go rent American Pie , Scary Movie , or Road Trip you will get more laughs in those movies then this . I hated this movie and I do not want to see it again please , do not waste your time on this piece of junk it 's stupid .
 This is probably the worst , stupidest waste of film I have ever seen . Not only is it not funny , it 's not even mildly amusing . It is truly sad when the closest this movie gets to funny involves a blind kid hitting someone in the crotch with a bat . I must have destroyed several million neurons during the process of viewing this crap . One star is far too many , but Amazon wo n't let you give negative stars . For this movie , perhaps they should start .
 I 'd give this thing zero stars if I could ... it 's just that bad.Don ' t get me wrong -- I enjoy a `` stupid '' comedy as much as the next person . Hell , I enjoyed American Pie enough to pick it up on DVD . But it 's really stretching the bounds of the word stupid and comedy to label this as a stupid comedy . It 's just plain bad . Most of the amusing stuff is in the trailer and even there it was n't that amusing . And there are lots of jokes in this film that if I told you about them , they would sound humorous and like you might get a chuckle out of them . You 'd be completely wrong . I did n't see Battlefield Earth , so I ca n't say unconditioanlly this is the worst film of the year 2000 . I can say that it 's one of the worst films I 've seen in a long time.Do yourself a favor -- skip this . Do n't waste the money or your valuable time on this turkey .
 I have no idea why I watched this film recently or wanted to . Maybe its because I was interested in seeing Seann William Scott play another Stifler-type character , or a curiosity factor about Ashton Kutcher , who I still ca n't believe snagged the babe of Hollywood babes , Demi Moore . Man , if a stoner goofball like him could snag someone of Demi Moore stature , there should be hope for all guys out there ! But really , the biggest reason I wanted to see this film was the scene I heard a few people talk about ... the scene I found the funniest in the entire film and the reason why I give it two stars instead of the -LRB- n -RRB- one it deserves
 Seriously , this movie 's target audience had to have been the bed wetter wing of the special needs home .
 This should have never made it to the theaters . I could n't watch the entire thing , it was too stupid . They showed any funny parts it did have on the previews . I do like `` stupid '' , `` silly '' comedy , but this one just was n't funny . You may have to watch this one when you are tired and everything is funny , but I can think of much better movies to see .
 `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' is just another teenie-bopper-sex comedy movies to go along with the rest of the teenie-bopper ... comedies ... There is no real plot . Just two morons who woke up after a. . . night before -LRB- where many teenie-boppers will laugh at -RRB- and they ca n't find their car . And they are to stupid to even know what happened . This movie was made to draw in teenie-boppers , and it succeeded . But smart people who toally despise the teenie-bopper era , like myself , will stay away from this ...
 I went into this movie that it was going to be stupid . But I did n't even find it funny . Sure there are some scenes that make you laugh , but its cause they are so pathetic . The acting was terrible all around , and the story made no sense what so ever . This is just a bad movie with a cool title .
 I liked the `` Alien Jumpsuit Chicks '' and wish they had been the main focus of this project . Instead we get `` Stiffler '' -LRB- without his mom -RRB- and that `` Punk 'd '' guy trying to do comedy . Now `` Stiffler '' is simply incapable of being funny , but he can be entertaining -LRB- when playing `` Stiffler '' -RRB- because he is so irritating . Unfortunately in `` Dude '' his character is not `` Stiffler '' . The `` Punk 'd ' guy is not funny but he is somewhat entertaining because you wonder how someone who should be working at the Topeka Dairy Queen is getting paid for this kind of stuff.Anyway the movie is incredibly stupid , but it is supposed to be incredibly stupid , and it is intended for a target audience of the incredibly stupid ; maybe even less intelligent and discriminating than the folks P.T. Barnum was referring to when he said nobody went broke `` underestimating '' the intelligence of the American people . Its simple of mind target audience was illustrated at my local Blockbuster where the resident drones and wigger girls were laughing and snorting like pigs as they recounted their favorite scenes.For me the biggest laugh came from watching a then unknown Jennifer Garner -LRB- who was pushing 30-born April-1972 -RRB- trying to play the uptight `` teenage '' girlfriend and keep up with Lisa Sokoloff -LRB- born Dec-1980 and the only cast member who is actually an acting talent-and she has a lot of acting talent -RRB- playing the other uptight teenage girlfriend . Seeing their talent disparity in light of their recent respective career paths was a graphic illustration of the entertainment anti-meritocracy . Although finding Kristy -LRB- Dec-1969 -RRB- Swanson back playing teenage bit parts was some consolation.Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
 This movie starts out funny but towards the movie the storyline gets pretty old . Its definitaly not a classic or a good movie . And its super boring and not funny . My favorite part was when it was over .
 Dude , Where 's My Car ? -LRB- 2000 -RRB- Ashton Kutcher , Seann William Scott , Jennifer Garner , Marla Sokoloff , Kristy Swanson , David Herman , Hal Sparks , Charlie O ' Connell , D
 This movie is bad ! There is so much to say about why it is bad , I do not even know where to start . First , There is really no plot ! NONE ! The acting In this film is also awful ! The script , Awful ! Everything , awful ! . I am so glad I rented this , and did not buy it without seeing it ! I gave this movie 1 star , but it really does n't even deserve that ! This film only has one good thing going for it , an Early appearance by JENNIFER GARNER . I have been a fan of hers since the 1999 TV series TIME OF YOUR LIFE . This movie should have been a short film , a very short film , then maybe it would have been entertaining . It is not short , it seems to never end . This is by far THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN ! Do n't even waste your time watching this ...
 This movie is definitely not one of my favorites . The story , about two `` lovable '' doofuses who lose their car , get involved in a weird science fiction plot , meet up with a group of `` hot chicks '' who may be aliens and end up in a ostrich santcuary run by Brent -LRB- This is just a paycheck role for me -RRB- Spiner . I thought the Bill and Ted movie were dumb , but Dude , Where 's My Car makes them look Shakespearan . The laughs were in the toilet humor vein only and the dialogue , if you could call it that , was obviously written by a middle schooler-guys saying or shouting `` Dude '' every minute is not humorous . Seann needs to change lanes with his role choices and quit playing the sex-on-the-mind idiots like in American Pie 1 and 2 . Seeing Spiner in this bomb , after his brillant work as Data in Star Trek : The Next Generation , made me wince . Thank God he appears unbilled ...
 I am not going to slam this movie because it is stupid . I enjoy stupid movies quite often -LRB- Amazon even predicted that I would love the movie -RRB- . But I am going to slam this movie because it was flat out not funny in the least . The guy from American Pie was brilliant in that movie because of his sarcastic wit , yet in Dude he plays a different character - a dimwitted moron , and he does n't pull it off . Ashton Kutcher is his 70 's show self and is funny but ca n't even come close to carrying the movie . ...
 OHHH , This is the best movie ever . . < i wonder if guys who think that about -LRB- dude where 's my car -RRB- ever seen any other movies ?? !! ... i guess not . . i wo n't tell the story of that movie like ppl here do . . it 's not even worthy to be told . . i realy feel that that one star i 'm giving this movie is too much for it , i 'd give it - ve 5 stars . and guys who think dude where 's my car is their best movie ever . . please . . try to watch some real movies
 I did n't have very high expectations for this movie but thought it might be good for a few laughs . What a disappointment ! The acting is unbelievably bad . The script is also incredibly bad . I was hoping that the movie would be funny but it was just annoying .
 Far and away the most disappointing cinematic experience I 've had since Far And Away -LRB- 1992 -RRB- . How a film can promise so much and deliver so little is one for the Ages .
 Rented this out after watching many other movies of the same genre . It turned out to be stupid , but almost unwatchable after the first 1/2 hr . Was expecting much more then this .
 Love both of these actors , but this movie was not good . It was really dumb . Hope they do better in future films .
 This movie sucks and I would not watch it a second time . It is n't worth paying to see , so , do n't waste your time .
 I asked for this . I knew what the movie was about . I knew it was going to be stupid . It lived up to its expectations . The movie is basically about two guys who do n't know where their car is and end up dealing with a bunch of groups -LRB- the tech group , the jock group , the `` hot chicks '' group and two random guys -RRB- who want to take over the world . I knew I should n't have watched this movie , but I did . And now that I 've seen it , the next time I hear about a good movie not being financed by Hollywood , I 'll think , `` If this can be financed , ANYTHING should be . '' People got a kick out of the `` and then '' but I thought that made the movie even goofier . And this is coming from someone who would watch every episode of `` Beavis and Butthead . '' This movie made that cartoon look mildly smart .
 I saw this had 41/2 stars and i just had to bring it down a peg . This movie blows more than a prostitute . Do n't waste your time or money . Beleive me !
 If this crappy , crappy movie is any inkling to what teen movies are becoming than I fear for what the future will have to deal with . This movie was just stupid . It was pointless and rambling stupidity . Seann William Scott has great comedic talent but it just goes to waste in this terrible little movie . What 's even worse is that I know if Hollywood has its way we 'll be seeing a sequal in the not to distant future . This depresses me because it 's just robbing quality pictures of funding . THAT 'S IT , I 'M DONE !
 not only does the awfulness of this movie scare me , the fact that so many people actually like it scares me even more . like another person said , i 'm no elitist snob . . i thoroughly enjoy `` stupid humor . '' austin powers 2 is one of my favorite movies.however , austin powers 2 actually made you do something which a comedy is supposed to make you do
 This was BY FAR the dumbest movie I have ever seen in my entire life .
 There is a certain amount of charm that is usually associated with dumb comedies . Sure , they do n't exactly rack your brain , but they 're a fun way to pass an hour and a half . Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure is one that springs to mind . It was n't Citizen Kane , but it put a smile on your face , and maybe even made you laugh . Dude , Where 's My Car ? on the other hand lacks any amount of charm or humour . Not once did I laugh or find any of the protagonist 's antics amusing . Their stupidity was n't charming , it was absolutely mind-numbing . Besides , in what kind of a movie do the two main characters claim to be `` stoners '' , but neither of them actually smoke any ? The answer is a bad one . In fact , it was absolute torture to sit through this movie . After about five minutes I wished it was over . Unfortunately I saw it in the theater so I felt obligated to sit through the entire thing . If you have yet to see this movie do n't waste your time .
 Perhaps I went into watching this movie with too high expectations . Perhaps I was still on the high that was Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back . Perhaps I just needed to be high . Regardless , this movie stunk . Idea is great , but the movie stunk . It consisted of semi funny jokes that went all entirely too long . `` And then ? '' `` And then ? '' `` And then ? '' `` And then ? '' `` And then ? '' Yeah , we got the picture . It 's not funny . I also felt like the script writers thought they were just too clever by having the characters recap the movie every 10 minutes . Like we would forget the zaniness that is a transsexual stripper trying to get her money back and Hot Chick aliens trying to get the something or other Galactic refibulator.Take my word , save your money and go see Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back .
 This is possibly the worst movie ever made . The two characters are very very lame . They act stupid , yet seem to pull it off with no humour at all . The jokes and one-liners are very childish . Not funny at all . I do n't think I laughed at one scene in this whole movie . Trust me this is a painful movie to watch . Its cheesy , lame , and has no humour in it . ...
 I am thoroughly disappointed with this flick . I thought I was renting a movie that would have me laughing . Instead I was treated to whole lot of mind numbingly stupid banter between two guys whose names I can not remember and will not remember because their sum of charisma and acting ability are so incredibly lacking.Go see Bill & Ted 's Excellent Adventure . See Fast Times at Ridgemont High -LRB- which this movie tries to emulate -RRB- . But do n't buy or rent this flick . You will be sorry if you do .
 This movie runs about one hour and fifteen minutes without closing credits . If you ca n't fill a movie for at least one and a half hours then do n't bother charging me for it . I ca n't beleive the reviews for this awful movie . The laughs are very few and very far between . It is like a bad Disney channel movie . The music is totally wrong so much so that it is very annoying and very distracting .
 First off , I am a lover of `` stupid '' movies ie . Dumb and Dumber , Kingpin etc. . But this trash just is n't funny . I sat through this film and did n't crack even the smallest smile . Forget this film
 I have n't even bought the dvd , but I have seen the movie , and I felt a need to write this after reading some of the other reviews . This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . It ranks right up there with that Godzilla movie from a couple of years ago , which was so bad that it actually angered me . This movie was just plain embarrassing . Either the other reviewers are having a good old laugh with their comments , or they 're genuinely easy to please .
 Rented this out after watching many other movies of the same genre . It turned out to be stupid , but almost unwatchable after the first 1/2 hr . Was expecting much more then this .
 Ashton Kutcher is to acting what Ed Wood was to directing ... One difference was that Wood 's movies were bad enough to make the camp category . Kutcher 's are bad enough that I understand some European cities have banned them ... mainly in France.I would offer no stars , but one is required . This should be changed ...
 I had high hopes for this based on the trailers . It was a worthwhile experience for the reminder that a movie can be so bad as to be physically painful to watch . I stayed through to the end , even though I knew after the first five minutes that there would be no ultimate redemption here . As a cosmic balance maneuver I guess we have to make up for all the good movies by occasionally watching one that makes you wonder what passes for quality control in Hollywood these days.I think a little name naming is called for here since we would all like to avoid the truly bad in the future . Directed by Danny Leiner -LRB- Gilmore Girls , Felicity , the Tick -RRB- . Stick to TV , Mr. Leiner . Please.Written by Phillip Stark , a web search revealed no other writing credits . One hopes he does n't hide his work under other names as well.And now for the really embarrassing credits . The otherwise excellent Jennifer Garner -LRB- Alias -RRB- , Marla Sokoloff -LRB- the Practice -RRB- and Brent Spiner -LRB- Star Trek Next Generation -RRB- prove that the transition to movies sometimes means taking whatever roles you can get . Maybe they took some tips from co-star Chris Elliot -LRB- Letterman -RRB- . If you ca n't remember the people , remember the label
 I just watched the first 10 minuts of this filth , and im contemplaiting commiting suicicide . Hands down the worst , stupidest and hideously unfunny garbage . It baffles me how people get money to make vomit like this !!! I cant imagine anyone over 10 years old finding this movie entertaining !
 I have heard that something like 1 out of every 100 scripts submitted in Hollywood actually get made into a movie . Given those odds , it is quite remarkable that the idea for this present farce went the distance.Given the title , I was n't expecting Shakespeare . It was more out of curiousity than anything else that I gave this flick a viewing . Guess this is one time where curiousity killed the moviegoer!The movie is by the creators of Beavis & Butthead . While I 've never watched B & B -LRB- thankfully -RRB- I still noticed a lot of juvenile B & B nonsense throughout the film . I 'm all for slapstick comedy when it 's done well , but this one looks like it was written by a bunch of 2nd graders . I 'm sure the creators found it hilarious , but they must be the only ones.There were several points during this movie in which I debated whether or not to continue . If you find yourself in this same predicament , then I suggest that you NOT continue . It does n't get better and it never becomes funny .
 Dude , Where 's my car ? This is exactly what you 'll be saying after you watch this one . very bad idea .
 I despise this movie . I really do believe my dog 's life is more interesting than this . `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' makes you wish you had n't paid a whopping two dollars to rent it and it also makes you wonder if anyone actually likes this . Dude , a tsunami crashing down on my head would 've have been more fulfilling than sitting through this movie . It really needs to go away forever and never come back .
 After seeing this in the movies I said to my friend `` Dude , Where 's My Money ? '' He 's like what ? I am like I want it back this movie was one of the worse overacted , dramatized , fake , comedies ever !
 My feelings are stated in the title above . This is THE worst movie ever made ... ever .
 I knew that this movie was n't going to be like 10 Things I Hate About You , but it looked really funny . I did n't expect it to be so dumb . I thought it might be as dumb as There 's Something About Mary or American Pie , but this movie was really dumb , I mean really dumb . Instead of making smarter from this movie I only grew dumber , much dumber . -LRB- ... -RRB- If I had n't been I would of enjoyed the movie one bit . Yes it is enjoyable , but just make sure your brain is turned off . If you want a teen movie that will actually get some credit from critics get 10 Things I Hate About You , if you want a movie to watch when you are lazy and bored then watch this . But if your looking for another acceptable teen comedy , you wo n't find it here .
 My Opinion
 Do you remember when spoofs and mindless comedies were actually funny ? I am a very forgiving person when it comes to comedies , as long as you make me laugh , but this has got to be one of the worst flicks I 've ever seen . This is one of those `` Watch while under the influence of alcohol or narcotics or not at all '' movies . I do n't care how many extras they put on the DVD , unless they reshot about an hour of the film , and rewrote this horrible plot , I would n't touch and if somebody gave it to me , I would sell it immediately . After seeing this , I swore that I would never again head to the theater without knowing what is playing , since this was the only showing by the time we arrived.It wants to be a buddy comedy like `` Dumb and Dumber '' but falls way short . I will admit that the first half-hour was decent , as I laughed at quite a few scenes . But once that half-hour was up , the plot took a real turn for the worst . They made up some stupid alien plot and tried to pass it off as humor . The first half-hour was A-list stupid humor , but the remainder was all bad B-movie humor.The drive-thru Chinese restaurant scene was amusing and the transexual thug was frighteningly entertaining , even the tattoo scene and the Adidas suits were funny , but overall it got stale quick . I can remember sitting in a silent theater for about the last 30 to 40 minutes . Nobody wanted to laugh because it would have made them look bad . At least in `` Dumb and Dumber '' , they had their own theories about stuff that was happening . In this movie , these guys play complete morons with two brain cells between them . They never have any worthwhile conversation , just plenty of gratituous scenes of half-naked hotties -LRB- which normally I would enjoy -RRB- . It 's sad because I enjoy these two guys in their other acting roles -LRB- American Pie and That 70 's Show -RRB- , but not in the least bit here . After 30 minutes , the jokes became so predictable and so contrived that it was painful . I actually heard people moan in discomfort as the flick progressed . Nobody got up and left because they figured it had to get better , which it did n't , and besides , after you pay -LSB- money -RSB- to see a movie , you 're not walking out until the credits roll . The jokes are n't really overdone in this movie , just not funny after a while . Most of the second half needed to be put on life support and it just continued to drag painfully . You can only carry a movie based upon the characters ' stupidity for so long , unless you 're Jeff Bridges and Jim Carrey . The ending was so mindnumbingly -LRB- I know its now a word but that 's how I feel -RRB- dumb , it was insulting . This movie reminded me of a plane crash , takeoff was smooth but the rest of the flight was turbulent and ended tragically.If you like juvenile , unoriginal , shameless , and downright insulting humor , then this is your movie . If you like something with originality and some thought invested , you 're going to be sadly disappointed . And if you do n't like this one , you 'll hate `` Not Another Teen Movie '' , which I strongly suggest you avoid like the Bubonic Plague .
 The writer of this film should be killed , and every copy of it should be burned . This is by far the worst film I have ever forced myself to sit through , aside from The Blair Witch Project 2 . It 's horrible .
 This has got to be the worst comedy I have seen all year . I do n't recall through the whole movie laughing more than once . The plot was totally idiotic . I really do n't understand why these actors do these movies , I mean do n't they read the scripts ? This movie is so bad that I would n't even recommend renting it . The only reason I watched it all was because I payed PPV for it and did n't want to waste my money . Through the entire movie you just keep waiting for it to get funny but it just never does .
 I 'm a huge fan of comedies
 do n't bother seeing this movie . go rent bill and ted .
 There 's nothing wrong with this movie . Accept the fact that it 's not a very good film.I give it two stars . There 's a scene in the beginning when both boys get knocked over by old people driving cars . Old people . Driving . They ca n't see very well , so they knocked the kids over . There 's about 1 minute of the film spent on this scene.Making fun of old people is so funny . I 'm a sarcastic reviewer .
 Do n't waste your time and money !! , it 's not funny -LRB- but it does makes you cry , for the owfull waste ! -RRB- and the plot , well there is no plot !!! simply , do n't to buy this `` film '' .
 `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' is quite literally , the third worst film ever made , ever to be released by a major studio . `` Showgirls '' and `` Battlefield : Earth '' , both have those distinctions of being in the first two spots . Both films being released by MGM and Warner Bros. respectively , and Fox releasing this . `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? '' is just another studio 's desperate bid to cash in on the grossout-teen comedy genre . Apparently these people have never heard of the word
 Movie Summary
 I usually enjoy a really stupid movie as long as it 's funny . This movie was not . Although I am a fan of both Stiffler and Kelso , this really was a terrible movie . `` Shibby '' is the worst catchphase ever . The movie made me want to eat poison . The writers of this movie should be put to sleep . If you should ever come in contact with this movie , do yourself a favor and just back away slowly . And do n't look it in the eyes , you 'll turn to stone .
 So , my brother , his friends and I decided one saturday night to check this film out.The previews made sure to avoid the ridiculously stupid `` aliens '' are after them plot that takes over the movie . It really is n't even about finding his car . The acting was bad , the plot was from one of the worst scripts ever made , and the only funny parts were all shown in the previews . The only reason this has received any good reviews is that almost all the people who watched it were young kids who think it is cool to like this horrible show . Do not even waste your time.If you 're into stupid comedy , watch `` Bill And Ted 's Excellent Adventure '' . SHIBBY ...
 A good movie in Jr. . High . But if your older , this movie reeks .
 Yes , it 's dumb , but no , it 's not funny.And I love lowbrow humor . Like Dumb & Dumber ... I laughed my hiney off and I 'm no Carey fan . I rented this movie fully expecting something very stupid , and very funny.Well ... it 's very stupid , I got ta give it that ... Only problem is that it never really got very funny . It looked funny from the commercials , but the problem is that those scenes were the ONLY funny parts of the movie . If you saw any commercials or reviews , do n't bother renting or -LRB- heaven forbid ! -RRB- buying the movie . You already saw the good parts.I just wanted to poke both of these idiots in the eye after about a half hour . I watched the whole dang movie waiting for it to `` get funny '' ... and it never did . No matter how much I smoked , it just did n't ever get funny . And I usually like watching idiots blunder around!Just do yourself a favor and at least rent it before you buy ... this is n't a good flick to buy on the assumption it 's gon na be good .
 This movie was terrible ... even stiffler loses cool points for doing such a horrid movie ... anyone who gave this 5-stars deserves to be dragged out of their house and blugeoned with a lead pipe .
 I do n't think this movie was terrible , but it certainly is n't a comedy classics or even one of the best comedies to come out of the year 2000 or 2001 -LRB- whenever it came out , which i 'm sure most people do n't really care about -RRB- . It 's just brain candy . One of them gets DUDE and the other gets SWEET tattooed on their backs , this has to be one of the most ridiculously dumb scenes in movie history . There are much better comedy selections out there for you somewhat intelligent folk . I ca n't be held responsible for the rental fee of this film , that was my husband 's job . This is more of a `` dude '' movie , I guess . Unless you are just suddenly in the mood for mindless dumb comedy with alot of T&A , then this will be right up your alley . It also has that cute guy , Ashton Kutcher from That 70s show as Jesse . Chester played by Seann William Scott is best known for his role in `` Road Trip '' . -LRB- another mindless comedy -RRB- .
 Do n't get me wrong . I like stupid movies , but they need to make me laugh . We all saw the previews for this , and with that you saw all of the funny parts . As a bad joke I like to tell people that this movie is great , in order to get them to see it . They all agree that this movie is n't worth the price of admission , or the time spent watching it .
 Fox has provided Dude , Where 's My Car ? with a great DVD package that consists of excellent picture and sound quality , along with a handful of cool extras that are sure to please fans . For those who have never seen the film , I recommend a rental if you 're a fan of `` stupid '' comedies , as it is a fairly funny and entertaining flick . 2 stars .
 This move is about two stoned idiots who ca n't remember what they did the night before and the whole movie is about remembering the night before . Overall this movie was OK and the ending made it a little better . To really enjoy this movie you would have to be stoned yourself !!!
 Okay , I promised myself that I would n't expend too much energy in writing this review after having seen this film -LRB- for free , thankfully -RRB- on Showtime , but I probably will anyway , so here goes
 This movie is not funny.Don ' t waste your money.I would love to give it 0 stars but apparently I have to give to give it at least one .
 Well the movie was funny ' . I guess I can give it that much.Two guys wake up and ca n't remember the night before , there car is missing ` dude where 's my car ' dude where 's your car ? ' Is the famous saying through the whole movie ' . The two go back and try to recap the night before to find out that they forgot there twin girlfriends anniversaries , run into some aliens who claim the two guys have a world saving device that works under mystical powers , not to mention they have some how gotten a strippers money and all this seems to be in there missing car.The movie had its funny one-liners and the two guys are sooooooooo stupid you wonder if people like that really exist . If you are looking for a pointless movie and like one-liners A LOT see it but other wise do n't waste the effort .
 I attempted to view this movie twice with equal disappointment both times . Granted , I was able to sit through the unrealistic `` Half Baked '' movie with a medium laughter scale , but this movie -LRB- which I thought was a match for Half Baked -RRB- was , indeed , not the icon it could have been . The movie 's potential was lost after the first ten minutes and the `` Dude , '' `` Dude '' repetitiveness was spoken .
 This movie was just dumb , but some parts were funny that why it got 2 stars . It seems like the move was trying too hard to be the next Bill & Ted ... but you know that 's not gon na happen .
 Ok , after seeing this movie , I hoped to myself that there was a way of getting those wasted hours of my life back at some point . It was a Friday night , and I figued I 'll go see a movie with the boys , so they pick this film . Natually I lose the ticket , and have to buy a new one . The movie is ideal for those who like mindless slapstick humor , in fact , a group of mindless stereotypical teen girls sat next to me and made the film extra terrible with their chatter and ridiculous comments which went perfect with the film which was of the same caliber.Not a thinking film . Not much of a comedy . Interesting -LRB- ... -RRB- experience on the part of the writer and producers , I bet .
 First off I want to say I can enjoy crude , mindless comedy as well as the next person but this movie is just too plain dumb , whether intentionally or not to enjoy . I chuckled a few times but was really very annoyed by the repetition in a lot of the scenes -LRB- `` And Then '' , Dude what 's my tatto say ? -RRB- Ironically I rented this because my 14 year old daughter wanted to see it and she did n't last through the movie because even she said it was too stupid . This movies target audience is 8 to 14 year old boys who probably get a big kick out of such stupidity . Unless you are in that category , skip this .
 This movie had some real potential to it . But by making the central plot line a quest for some alien space gadget , it comes up lame . Definitely should 've just stuck to the simpler plot line of two hung over idiots looking for their car after a night of debauchery . Not a movie I would watch over and over , thus I would not recommend buying it .
 I was very dissapointed by this movie . It did not do well at the box office , and everyone else I know who saw it , did not like this movie . The story and all the characters are quite stupid.Everyone has a different sense of humor so I wo n't tell you what is and is n't funny , but due to popular opinion you may want to borrow or rent this movie if you intend to buy it.I am not in the bussiness of giving poor ratings , but I hope I can save you a few bucks .
 I borrowed this movie from my brother -LRB- thank goodness I did n't pay anything , even to rent it -RRB- and found it to be quite stupid . I love movies like Ace Ventura , Dumb & Dumber and Bill & Ted , and this is no where close to any of these . Contrary to other reviews , the only funny parts I found were the tatto scene -LRB- saw it 100 times in the commercials , but still laughed at it , when he draws it out -- `` Suuuuuweeeet ! What does mine say ? '' -RRB- and the bubble wrap parts . The Chinese restaurant scene was so not funny it actually made me mad.It gets two stars from me because I saw it for free after a long day with a sick child where I jsut wanted to get away from reality for a hour or two -- it did accomplish that , but only minimally .
 DUDE , WHERE 'S MY CAR aims at the protozoa that swim around in a puddle of sewer water ... and succeeds . However , there is one hilarious scene worth watching ! This is when our heroes , Jessie and Chester -LRB- Ashton Kutcher , Seann William Scott respectively -RRB- are in a chinese takeout drive-through ... `` and then ? '' !! Well , you got ta see it because it 's that funny . Otherwise , the plot -LRB- two Bill and Ted clones who wake up not having a clue of what they had done the night before , find their car missing , and then find themselves thwarting aliens who are trying to destroy the earth -RRB- is ridiculous and the main characters get annoying after awhile . Besides the chinese take-out drive-through scene , there are a lot of good lookin ' babes to look at , but not much else .
 Teens will enjoy this film , especially those aged 13-17 . Although the two main characters look a bit old for the type of humor they employ , the film features a few excellent taglines and , in general , is quite refreshing.But beware , this is not your usual comedy and if you are looking for a masterpiece , you will be disappointed . I would not recommend you purchase this for your library as it is unlikely you will want to watch it for the second time . On the other hand , if you have a free evening and need some relaxation , which does n't require you to think too much , this movie might be what you are looking for .
 starts well but after he doesnt find his car the story goes in a total other direction ... people from space starts to show up and everything , i say it 's wack
 Unless your obsessed with Ashton Kutcher then there is no reason to see this movie . Its retarded and has no intresting plot line . There is no substance in this movie . Basically ... its sucks .
 I honestly do n't see the appeal in this movie . I went to see it in the theater with a friend when it first came out , and I absolutely hated it . This movie is not funny . It is not even unintentionally funny because of how dumb it truly is . It is just a movie that we sbould have been spared of . I wish I could give it less than a ` zero ' rating because I can not find the words to describe my distaste for this movie . It is a horrible waste of time and money , and I 'd like to have a slittle as possible to do with it . In fact , the only reason I am writing this review is to warn anybody else interested in seeing this to give it a second thought .
 Every review here must have been written by a brain dead 14 year old . My brother recommended this movie to me -LRB- he was in 8th grade and I 'm in college -RRB- . I went with a friend and left after half an hour to go see `` Castaway '' . THis is the only movie i have EVER walked out of . I used to think that was for pissy old parents who could n't understand the movie . I even sat through Battlefield Earth to experience what is the worst movie of the young millenium . But this thing I could not bear to watch or listen to for it 's breathtaking stupidity.Anyway when I got home I ... made -LRB- my -RRB- brother ... reimburse the 8.50 I spent on this steaming hunk of crap . Honestly if the rest of my generation finds this even remotely funny or entertaining , I worry .
 If you were looking for a good comedy to make you laugh , well this movie is not it ! There were some parts that made you laugh because they were so lame and dull . It made me laugh at some ridiculous parts so that 's why i gave it some credit . I suggest not to go see it but , do not take my word for it you go and waste your money :-RRB- !
 There are only two movies that I have ever wanted to walk out on and demand my money back ... Batman and Robin AND Dude Where 's My Car . I rated this movie with one star , if I could assign negative numbers , I would . This movie is horrible , do n't waste your time , it 'll be an hour and a half of your life you will never get back !
 Oh my ... what word could I give this movie to explain how horrible it was ... TRASH ? No because watching Trash in a Trash can is alot funnier and better . Maybe SHIBBY for that ridiculously stupid line they invented . Yes , SHIBBY it is . This film was absoluetly horrible , from beginning to end I could n't wait for it to end . The continuents transfuction ... you got ta be freakin ' kidding me ! Only a retard , on ` shrooms would like this movie . I feel sorry for the poor director to have to actually admit to directing this . There was 1 half-decent part , that I laughed the first time I saw it , and the second time I saw it I did n't even crack a giggle . And that was the `` NO AND THEN '' part , it was kinda funny , even writting this I catch a grin on my face . Unfortunetly , the reason it is funny is because of the racism towards the Chinesse which is totally wrong , but really what else do you exspect from a movie that has a dog smoking weed . It needs to `` shibby '' its way to the garbage and pretend it was never made ... STIFLER , SAY IT ISNT SO !
 By the grace of God , this film is truly terrible ... Not only is it devoid of any funny material -LRB- who gives these people jobs ? -RRB- but it also rips off superior films such as Bill and Ted , Wayne 's World . Dumb and Dumber is stupid and goofy , but at least it is funny.Some people may find this hilarious ... along with genocide , disease and Freddy Got Fingered .
 I am not sure why I went to see this . Dude , where is my mind ?? Most likely I wanted to get away from it all , which is not much
 Riding high on the tide of American Pie 's success came a truckload of stoner , gross-out comedies that never manages to be halfway as good as the sort of movies they were trying to imitate . Dude , Where 's My Car ? is one such example . Starring Ashton Kucher and Sean William Scott as two losers who set out to find their car after a heavy night of drinking the night before . The big problem is though , not that they 've lost their car , but their anniversary presents for their girlfriends were in the car too.Of course , sitting down to watch a film like this you do n't really expect anything other than entertainment . Unfortunately , this is anything but . Each dead gag is laid as quickly on top of the last one as possible to try and avoid the fact that there 's really nothing here at all . Sexy alien women , an absurb cult , an angry transexual and a pot-smoking dog are just some of the bizarre plot elements that are thrown at the stars , but you just could n't care less . It 's a shame really , because this kind of movie can be a lot of fun , but unfortunately this just reeks of a half-baked effort . It 's even more shameful that the film-makers have managed to enlist two obviously talented comedy actors in Kucher and Scott . Though Kucher may now be simply known as Demi Moore 's new beau , and as soon as you see Scott you think of Stifler , their vacant expressions and key-on delivery would 've worked perfectly for a better film.Finally , you ca n't help comparing Dude , Where 's My Car ? to other 's of its ilk . It lacks the inherent charm of American Pie -LRB- and it 's nowhere near as funny -RRB- , the off-kilter comedy of Detroit Rock City and is certainly nowhere near as good as the Farrelly 's There 's Something About Mary . I 'd recommend those movies above this one any day .
 Dude , Where 's the movie?First off we start with a ridiculous dream sequence opening.The movie itself makes you wish you were in a dream sequence . `` Calgon take this nightmare away `` It 's too bad , because Ashton Kutcher and Sean William Scott are pretty funny in other things they 've done.All in all a very dissapointing and useless experience.So if anyone says dude watch this movie , take my advice run screaming .
 ITS O.K BUT THE ENDING WAS ... PANTS !! SOME JOKES WERE UNFUNNY ! INFACT THERE HAS N'T BEEN A DECENT TEEN FILM FLICK ! WHICH DISSAPOINTS ME MOST !
 In the glorious tradition of `` Freddy Got Fingered '' comes another mind-numbingly dumb attempt to make a movie that is `` so stupid , it 's brilliant '' . This one has Ashton Kutcher and Sean William Scott doing the `` Keenan & Kel '' routine with the word `` Dude '' thrown in as much as possible for good measure . If you could n't figure it out from the title , the plot centers around the two moronic leads trying to track down their missing car . The fact that this cliche-driven mess and its non-existent script got greenlit in Hollywood tells you that perhaps the crack epidemic in the movie industry is worse than we thought . By the way , Jennifer Garner shows up for a small role as one of the bonehead 's girlfriends . For shame .
 This is without a doubt the most retarded movie I 've ever been plagued with watching ... Ashton Kutcher has the I.Q. of a steamed carrot soaked in morphine . This movie had no plot , It 's like they friggin ' made it up as they went along ! I read a review that gave this movie FIVE STARS !!! -LRB- ? -RRB- This is all they said
 I grew up watching the various Trinity movies and was so excited when I saw This DVD set for sale . Turns out that there are only 2 westerns out of the 10 movies on the DVD . It may not be a big deal if you are a huge Bud Spencer and Terence Hill fan but to market this as a `` Spaghetti Western Bible '' and having the guys in their traditional western garb on the cover , gives you the idea that this is a DVD set of westerns when it 's not . I was very disappointed to only see two obscure westerns versus getting a nice collection of Trinity movies .
 This was not what I was expecting . It was n't as funny as any of the westerns . Nobody is my name for example . Very disappointed , not with deliver or anything just the content of the video itself .
 No westerns here - and poor quality . Also does not contain 10 films as advertised . How do folks get away with advertising things like this ?
 The cover of this set specifically shows the two stars in a western together . There are no westerns with them together and 8 out of 10 of the movies are not westerns . This set is garbage and not even worth the 15 bucks it costs for the 10 movies .
 interesting introduction to pink floyd 's legendary `` missing '' founding memeber ... who 's most-often described in this dvd , as being `` beautiful '' yet there 's not enough footage of this beautiful person , to satisfy my longing to learn more about him ... but still worth seeing - if only , for the footage of robyn hitchock playing several of syd 's tunes with such a heartfelt reverance that it inspired me to want to hear more from both of them !
 This DVD set is geared towards older high school students or college students wanting a review . It moves quickly through a lot of excellent information . It would be good for an individual review where frequent pausing is possible . It is also dated . It does n't mention the Bush/Gore election in its examples of a candidate winning the popular vote but not the electoral college vote . It also uses Geralidine Ferraro as its only example of a woman running for an executive office . And there 's no mention of any minority candidates .
 Do not buy this DVD if you are an aspect ratio purist . I believe this is one of those tragic cases where the FULLSCREEN version was cropped to create a fake widescreen version -LRB- as was done with Terminator 3 -RRB- . You are getting a twice cropped film here , and thus , much less picture than the already cropped fullscreen version.This `` widescreen '' version has chopped off heads in every shot and in a couple of scenes the characters are chopped off from left to right . NOT WHAT THE DIRECTOR FILMED.The news is that Office Space Special Edition is due out in late 2005 . Wait for it ... HOPEFULLY it will be in the true theatrical release aspect ratio .
 The movie is great ; this review is not about the movie , about the gift set.The stapler , mug and other `` gifts '' in this set are worthless , do not even look like those in the movie . Avoid disapontment , just get a DVD .
 love the movie but the copy we received did not play well . there were several skips dont buy it used just buy it new .
 The first word that came to mind while thinking of this film was ` odious ' but I 'll do it a bit of a service and say it 's merely * trying . * I watched it on Amazon instant -LRB- I like the service but keep in mind I am no hard-core cinephile , my concern is the story alone , not so much the technology -RRB- and made it through to the end.I felt rather ragged afterwards . The character of Milton left perhaps the biggest impression on me - he looked and sounded and acted like a Muppet , particularly Beaker . That was a very trying element in this film . I felt like I was watching a strange permutation of James Thurber 's The Catbird Seat , told in a backwards way from some unimportant background characters.The protagonist did n't feel like a protagonist . The only really wonderful piece of acting was that of Mr. Lumberg , whose dry , grueling `` that would be great , '' stole the show . It was grotesque and hilarious.Otherwise , this was a legitimately unsatisfying film . I do n't plan on watching it again .
 This movie started out with some pretty funny bits , but it ran out of steam . You could see the ending coming from a mile away . Maybe Mike ran out of ideas . It just dragged on and on towards the end . As Butthead would say , `` What in the hell is this crap ? ''
 I ordered the movie Office Space , but when I received it I had Happy Gilmore in an &#34; Office Space &#34; package . It was sealed and everything . I was very disappointed in Amazon 's service , in sending me the wrong movie ! Will not do that again !
 I have ordered multiple items from Amazon and have never had a problem with any of the items I 've purchased until now . This `` Office Space '' DVD will not play in either of my DVD players . I 'm greatly disappointed in this company and will be sure to avoid Amazon purchases through them in the future if I 'm unable to rectify this situation .
 Funny , just got this review in my email and today was actually the first time I wanted to view this movie . Well , come to find out , it does n't work . Says its not compatible . I have never ever had a dvd not work . It also said that its not supported under explanation on my player . Well , I will be calling for a refund on this DVD ... no sense of wasting money on something that does n't work . I have seen the movie and I love it ... very funny .
 This was recommended by a coworker a while back . I was expecting something like a Dilbert expose of corporate America , but this was not that good . I do not know whether the role of the boss , the regional VP , was supposed to be a parody of a typical Silicon Valley boss , but it seemed to me to be merely lame acting . And worst of all , the central theme pivoted around an illegal act , which was very depressing and disappointing . I can hardly believe that Jennifer Aniston ended up in this cheap flick . Very dated , with some ancient computer equipment featured .
 A slow moving slapstick comedy . Jennifer Anniston has again demonstrated that she is a third rate actress and is taking parts in `` B '' movies like this . Along with the rap music backgrounds and weak plot , poor direction and marginal acting , this is barely a two star movie .
 I ordered the Office Space Special Edition DVD Gift set
 I was quite disappointed in this movie . The trailers , as is often the case , showed the majority of high points in the movie . It had its moments , but it dragged on , and the male lead had no energy at all and brought nothing to the film . I was also surprised Jennifer Aniston would lend herself to such a simplistic , afterthought kind of character . Surely she could get more important parts than this .
 It is a dry movie . Really , nothing worth watching . During the movie you expect to see something hilarious , but then nothing really happens . This movie might have been hilarious in 1999 , but Amazon still listing it in top favorites is not worth it . Please watch something else .
 however , being somewhat obsessive , i could n't seem to break free ... jejune , almost entirely empty , and nearly identical to a very bad and lengthy sitcom episode , except for the absence of the obligatory 50s laugh track ... in the first two hours of my promised and blissful afterlife , i may very well look back upon the final two hours , and realize they were wasted in advance on this deeply malformed creature feature .
 First things first . Do n't rent , -LRB- and certainly do n't buy -RRB- , this movie if you like your job . The humor will totally be lost on you . Second . There are probably better examples of the , `` I hate my job '' , movie out there to be enjoyed . Take some time out of your boring day at work and find ` em.My wife got this for me because my job currently sucks BIG TIME so I got a vicarious thrill out of the conclusion . Even with that haze of sarcasm blurring my vision I must admit that the characters left me not really caring for ANY of them . They are rather cartoonish . Sorry Mike Judge , stick with the animation . It suits you better . The perplexing part of the plot is the main character 's dream is to not have work , yet he keeps showing up there !!! It kind of makes you think this guy REALLY does n't have a life beyond his dreary job . In other words , why would we care for a `` hero '' who is this much of a loser ?!?!? This is where , for even the vicarious viewer , it gets stupid . If you hate your job , and do n't want to go - -LRB- and the plot line says our man is hypnotized to be free of any employment worries -RRB- - why the heck do you keep coming back to this mundane garbage hole of place ?!?!? I just want to smack this shmoe and tell him to actually start looking for a life.If you really want the deeper meaning to this movie it 's that in so many businesses it tanks . America wo n't be beaten from other countries ' ingenuity but rather its own internal stupidity . If you give people their freedom and independence they cling to the safe , secure and complacent places they feel comfortable existing . Outwardly they revel in their fantasy of being cowboys roaming the range ; tough-minded mavericks who can take on any challenge . But really , where is the true independent , self-reliant , rebel in this movie , -LRB- or today 's world -RRB- ? If this guy was from the America of old , he would have blazed new trails , explored new things or at least set an example of living his OWN life . Instead he haunts the boring existence he wishes to be free of ! Go figure ?!?!?!? We are left with a movie that shows how many people are reflected
 What a poor satire on office culture and a poor attempt on mimicing what is so successful in the Dilbert cartoons . I heard the movie was amusing , but when I watched it , I found nothing funny about it . I had to shut the movie off after 30 minutes of trying to find a good reason to laugh .
 I really ca n't believe people think this is funny . I think that ` nerdy ' ` geeky ' types like this movie . My girlfriend and I just thought this was the geekiest , boring movie . REVENGE OF THE NERDS PART 5 or something similarily just not funny . I really am just amazed this film sells so well on the Internet ... probably an Internet geek thing : - -RRB-
 As everyone says , that 1 star is under protest . -LRB- Amazon , Why ca n't you give us a choice of 0 or -1 -RRB- After seeing this title and the 4 + stars in the bestsellers list , I had to try to balance this with -4 . I have never seen anything more purile and insulting to our intellegence -LRB- look who 's talking , I paid money for it ? -RRB- than this load of absolute rubbish . The people who gave this any stars must have very dull and boring lives .
 This movie was not funny . The idea was not so bad but I would say that the dialogs and the acting were simply not good enough .
 If you value your time and money , do n't waste 10 more seconds thinking about buying this horribly bad movie . You will want to write to the producers and ask them to give you an hour and a half of your life back . This movie is a tribute to the eternal question of , `` Why do people keep giving Jennifer Aniston movies ? '' I 'm not saying that this movie is the worst one ever made , but without a doubt it comes in a very close second .
 Let me stress to you that this movie IS NOT funny . It may be one worst movies I 've seen . I could n't even sit through it . Do n't even waste your time watching this movie , it will waste brain cells that could be used by something more interesting -LRB- like sniffing glue for example LOL ... that is actually funnier than the movie gets -RRB- I suggest that if you have n't watched it spare yourself .
 We saw this movie on a plane trip , and it was dumb . It was n't even funny ! Lame jokes , no plot , no ending .
 Weak Weak Weak . I was absolutely flabbergasted at the rave reviews this movie has received on the internet . Are we really that desparate for entertaiment ? For those of you thinking about renting or buying this piece of trash , let me clue you in . Here 's the plot -LRB- unbelievable and stupid as it is -RRB- in a nutshell
 I could tell after the first 5 minutes that this movie was gon na suck . It was absolutely awful . I do n't know where all these great reviews came from .
 this would have been a good movie but the language ruined it all . will never watch again in fact will probably destroy it . language like that does not make a movie !
 Bah ! 2 scenes do not a movie make . Mike Judge ca n't decide whether he wants to be Franz Kafka or in the Hallmark Hall of Fame , so he settles for something that would make Joan Lunden titter with suppressed amusement.Bravely lambasting office politics in a manner that only someone who has never worked in an office could enjoy , Judge then moves on to tougher fare . Waitressing in a restaraunt not the most pleasant experience ? I mean , Oh my gosh , I was stunned by his searing portrayal of the disenfranchisment of Coporate America and it 's inevitable Ennui-inducing Weltanschauung . Verfremdungseffekte like White men rapping and Jennifer Anniston being `` Homey and down to earth '' only further emphasized the moral of this story -LRB- In true Brecht fashion -RRB- - when the Proletariat fulfilled its Hegelian destiny and been run beneath the wheels of enterprise , only the Uebermensch-next-door will be able to `` Take up arms '' and stem the tide . If you thought what I just said was right on , go finish that poem you 've been working on.A cinematic masterpiece for anyone who likes to snicker at the misfortunes of others and fancies themselves luckily outside the world of grunts and laborers . Buy it for your Philosophy Grad-Student get togethers . Goes well with Rolling Rock .
 Not agreat movie at all . I do n't care about the performances -LRB- all of them good . Including Jennifer Aniston . This woman is gorgeous , astonishingly beautiful -RRB- . And I loved the idea . Any piece of movie , paper , text , joke , about that awful consultants , that awful corporations , is to my pleasure . The movie shows waht happens when consultants are hired to `` aid '' the company
 office space has nothing to do with space.space office is a comedy about a person who has a boring life with a boreing job `` only does 15 minutes of hard work a week '' when he goes to see a counciler , the counciler hipnites him an dies , which mostly means for the rest of his life he will start to become much more happey , he decides with two friends of his to do a frowd on his disturberd boss who keeps on saying `` yeaaa '' when the frowd goes wrong they begin to have a problem . has many funny scenes in the movie and has very little boreing scenes in it .
 I had never heard of this movie . But in my Communications graduate course , the teacher showed the first five minutes of it and I thought it was hilarious . Then one of my co-workers recommended it and I tried to watch his copy , but it was bootleg and after 28 minutes , it flipped out on me . So I was determined to see this movie . How unfortunate . The movie is about a frustrated office worker who moves up in the company after going under hypnosis and after still being unsatisfied , he decides to steal from the company when his friends are fired . There are so many problems with this movie I do n't know where to begin . For the first 40 minutes of the movie , I cried laughing . Everything was totally true and I loved it . But then when he moved up in the company , the movie became very stupid . # 1 If the hypnosis really worked , he would n't be able to snap out of it until going to another psychologist . # 2 The only black people portrayed in this WHOLE movie were some guy selling stuff on the side of the road , a lawyer who knew all about jail -LRB- hmm ... wonder where that idea came from ? -RRB- , and a magazine salesman who portrayed himself as a crackhead , a hustler , and later a software promoter . He blackmailed the main character into buying forty subscriptions of Vibe -LRB- how ironic -RRB- and was never seen again . I find it hard to believe that in an office that big , they felt that no blacks needed to be cast . But the production cast felt it absolutely necessary to throw in rap music with the n-word and `` Monkey ass '' in it whenever possible -- during the beating of a copy machine , at the beginning with the `` down '' co-worker , any bad scene , rap music was played . That annoyed me on so many different levels -- that and whomever the rapper was ! # 3 The system they used to steal money would definitely be blocked in a real workplace environment . There 's no way that three people could use that system and get away with it . # 4 Maybe I fell asleep , but how did the accident with the building happen ? I still did n't catch that . # 5 The love interest in the restaurant was right on point though ! And like I said ... the first 40 minutes were great . The rest of the movie should 've been thrown in the garbage and I wish I would 've stuck to the 30 minutes I saw on bootleg .
 I bought this video after reading so many great reviews of it . Even coming from an office environment I found almost no really funny parts -- for me the movie just dragged on and on - I kept watching waiting for it to pick up - up to the end ...
 What a waste of time and money . Stupid and not very funny . I gave this as a Christmas present to a friend and was totally embarrassed after we watched it together !
 ... Although this movie has a few moments that will bring a smile to your face -LRB- the same kind of smile you get as you pass gas -RRB- , it is certainly not among the best comedic efforts of all time - ... A much better film in the same vein would be Bruce Robinson 's HOW TO GET AHEAD IN ADVERTISING < Criterion Collection > -LRB- Executively produced by George Harrison -RRB- ... Even some episodes of the Drew Carey show , and the old Mary Tyler Moore TV Series are better than this film !
 I was very dissappointed with Office Space . I expected great things from this movie based on the trilers the movie seemed like an interesting concept and something most people could relate to . Needless to say , I was very disappointed . The only humor in this film are provided by two characters with about 5 minutes of screen time shared between them . I 'll just say that this movie could have been done better .
 Although this movie had a lot of potential it was far from reaching that potential . The sound track used Rap music that was full of nasty langauge and poor moral messages . There were totally inappropriate scenes that added absolutely nothing to the movie except perhaps offend peoples sensitivities . This movie is definately not for youger members of the family . My opinion is to just let this movie fade into the dirt where it belongs .
 I saw the bonus features & did n't really get the Hype of this film.Any film with Jennifer Aniston alone means the film is gon na lose some points because you the acting is gon na be kinda weak.i got some things of the film , but on a whole I did n't get what all the Hype was about.it had some funny moments , but it was fairly predictable to me .
 As a movie about the absurdities of cubicle-life -LRB- especially in software companies -RRB- , this movie might resonate a bit better with software engineers , but in general it was a big disappointment.Plain and simple Office Space should be lot sharper and funnier than it is.The subject of office life is loaded with opportunities for truly funny comedy , but this movie only generated a few laughs -LRB- usually of the wry , snickering , ` who-does-that-remind-you-of ' kind -RRB- . Most of the stuff you 've seen before , and even 9-to-5 did a better job of it.Stephen Root , a truly superb comic actor from ` NewsRadio ' , is unrecognizable here in both physical appearance and talent.Jennifer Aniston is equally wasted , so badly that I thought surely this film must have been made before she became a star -LRB- wrong , OfficeSpace was made AFTER her success on Friends ; ca n't understand why she agreed to be in such a mediocre flick -RRB- . The only saving grace was the always excellent Deitrich Bader -LRB- from The Drew Carey Show -RRB- , but even he could n't save the worn jokes or the meandering plot.I saw this movie when it was shown at work -LRB- yeah , some companies have a sense of humor about themselves -RRB- , so I can say it 's better than working , but I sure would n't pay to see it or rent it . You 'll get more laughs out of a week of Dilbert cartoons .
 I do n't quite understand some people . We purchased this movie based on the rather impressive reviews ... . The movie has one or two laughs granted , but I sure as hell would n't make a big effort to see it again . The performances overall are weak -LRB- particulary the rather dreadful Jennifer A -RRB- as is the overall plot.Watch it ... but at someone else 's expense !!
 I bought this movie after hearing about it numerous times over the past few years . I kept hearing how hilariously funny it was and how I just had to see it!I like `` quirky '' films like Little Shop of Horrors -LRB- musical version -RRB- , Serial Mom , Chasing Amy , etc , but this movie fell short in so many ways . I have worked in `` the office '' for over 10 years . I spend my 8 , or 9 , or 10 , or more hours a day in a cubicle with no view to speak of . I know all about crappy office equipment , the difficulty getting office supplies , the stereotypical annoying people , the feeling that any day someone will come by and tell me that I 'm no longer needed , etc. . But , this movie just did n't capitalize enough on the humor that is found in everyday work . I think I could take a video camera to my job for a week and come away with two hours worth of funnier material.I was truly disappointed in the path that the storyline took - what was that whole program to steal less than a penny from hundreds of `` accounts '' so the characters could come away with a few hundred thousand dollars at the end of 3 or 4 years ? That part of the movie was so ridiculous , it was n't even slightly funny . In all honesty , the best characters in the movie were the next door neighbor to the main character , and the waitress -LRB- Jennifer Aniston -RRB- . If not for them , I do n't think I would have even smiled once throughout the whole movie.I do n't know who I would recommend this movie to . I guess the people who gave it a good review here . For the most part , it 's only worth a watch so you can talk about it with others or have knowledge of some of the scenes when others bring the movie up . But , for me , I wish I had only rented it , and I wish I had n't wasted two hours of my already small number of free hours ...
 I watch dis moovie an I no laugh . I work at intersections selling flowers an I like my jefe . Eef chu want comedy chu should watch `` In dee Army '' , or `` Biodome '' .
 I do not for the life of me understand all the hype surrounding this movie . Why does everyone love `` Office Space '' so much ? There were a few times when I chuckled here and there , but overall this movie just is NOT funny . I do not recommend it .
 I ordered a widescreen version from this retailer . Not only did I get a fullscreen version in the mail -LRB- along with an invoice that confirmed I ordered the widescreen -RRB- , the DVD would not play in any player I owned -LRB- which is 4 -RRB- . Tried to get in touch with customer service , but after a nightmare and a long headache I decided to just give up my ten dollars as lost and buy the film at Best Buy . Do n't use this retailer !!!
 It really scares me that so many people thought this movie was funny . If your IQ is over 80 , do n't waste your time .
 When I started working in office -LRB- and a cubicle -RRB- , all of my friends told me that I had to watch `` Office Space '' because it is so much like work and it 's hilarious . Finally , I did get a chance to watch it ... but I ended up being quite diappointed . Yes , there are some funny parts to the movie , but I was more disgusted with some of the supposed `` humor . '' It could be that I tend to like movies that have some value or even a plot -LRB- even if it did n't have either , some HUMOR could have been good -RRB- . I could have done without this movie , but at least now my friends will quit bugging me to watch it.Word of advice
 There are n't any major scratches on the disc , but there 's enough I guess 'cause this disc skips and eventually just freezes in the middle of the movie . Very disappointing since I did n't try watching it until months after I received it and could n't return it . Thought I 'd write a review before I throw it away . Money in the garbage .
 Another timultuous love story concerning white people playing out against the harsh backdrop of the perrilously breathtaking Kenyan landscape . Sensitively handled , but does n't really have that post-colonial edge which would have made it outstanding . The ` Africans ' in this story are presented as little more than caricatured plot machinations , dragging the film toward its conclusion .
 This was recommended to be a wonderful movie , not to be missed , in our local small town paper.Indeed it started out to be just that , even with viewing it in-between the English subtitles -LRB- German made , German language -RRB- Magnificent scenes of Africa , and beautiful people all through out . Then , right in the middle , and totally unnecessary by all standards , very graphic sex scenes between 2 of the characters . I could not believe it ! It ruined what could have been a totally beautiful movie in scenery and story . I was so angry I immediately threw it in the biggest trash can I could find . I was so angry I did n't want to talk about it , let alone give time to write a review , until now . Enough said , do n't waste time or money on this movie . I still have yet to speak to the man who wrote the recommendation but will the next time I see him . -LRB- I live out in the wilds of our Island , not in the town -RRB-
 Looks like a great film , only ... ca n't understand a word . Germans hear and understand all the dialogue while those of us who know only English have to figure out what 's being said and , more importantly , what 's being felt . Subtitled questions go unanswered . Beware this DVD . My wife saw this film in a theater and swears the subtitles helped her follow the story . This DVD does no such thing . Know German , or else .
 I was hoping to see a lot of Brigitte Bako . There is nothing to see . There are no `` bedroom scenes '' . Unless clothed petting is offensive .
 The worst thing since a long time . Why bother making that kind of crap ...
 If you want a erotic movie or more than erotic movie , dont buy it . Dont is terrible .
 When i saw the cover i was very exited to see big wave surfing , I was very unhappy with this movie as all the shot of the surfing scene are taken from a helicopter . Its a nice introduction to big wave surfing but nothing compare to riding giants or the billabong odisey . The rock climbing was also so so . The snow board scenes are nice as always but nothing special.Overall this blu ray is good but doesnt show you anything new or that you event seen before .
 The Extreme is smaller than I could expect.I was expecting to see a better overall quality as well , on the scenes , sequences and theme .
 So it comes down to the last straw . Like any other great sitcom , it was no suprise that this show has `` jumped the shark '' and I believe it has since the beginning of season 5 . Other than the Thanksgiving episodes , the episode with Jaleel White , and the series finale -LRB- only 5 -RRB- , there was not one episode from this season that I can enjoy . I think the jokes and the acting on this season were also forced -LRB- more so than the previous season -RRB- not to mention way more obnoxious . The last episode from season 5 pretty much leaves off with a cliff hanger -LRB- what ever happen to Lisa , Will 's fiance who decided not to marry him ? -RRB- . How low can the series stoop on a season premiere where Will burns down the kitchen by stupidly cooking flambee because he was bored ? How much longer can I stand Will lip-synching to `` And I 'm Telling You I 'm Not Goin ' ? '' How dumber and louder can Carlton get ? How drier can Vivian be ? On the final season , the script and acting expresses more than words on how tired Will Smith was with the series and wanted to pursue other opportunities such as getting involved with more movies . The last two seasons of The Fresh Prince of Bel Air proves that not every good thing lasts and the series is ` nt the first or the last sitcom to fall under that bad spell .
 Hard to imagine that a film with Burt Lancaster , Irene Pappas and Ingrid Thulin , and with music composed by Morricone could be so bad . However , the Video Hound Golden Retriever gives it a well-deserved `` WOOF ! '' , the lowest rating for those who do n't know the book . An introspective Moses is fine , but the remainder of the cast is underused and underserved . What hurts most is the anachronistic expresssion of ideas expressed in equally anachronistic language . A good alternative to this and Demille 's Ten Commandments glitz is Moses featuring Ben Kingsley .
 The costumes and sets are n't too bad , but otherwise this looks like a bad TV movie from the 70s usually does . I agree that there is less of the melodrama than in Cecil DeMille 's film , but the writing and acting are still painful to watch , and the picture is always dark . It must be that people feel nostalgic about something from years gone by , because this movie looks so very bad compared to classics of the past and modern filmmaking .
 Great actor , absolutely terrible movie . So bad that it is almost funny .
 I have friends and family who were telling me how hilarious this movie was , and I only watched it because my roommate rented it . Here 's to say , it 's a comedy that does n't generate very many laughs . It uses a lot of low-brow humor that is recycled and unoriginal . Also , what I was hoping to see the most of , the dodgeball game itself , just takes up a small portion of the very-short movie.This movie reminded me a little of `` Kingpin '' and `` Baseketball , '' only those two were much funnier . I like Vince Vaughn , but there is reason why he 's usually the ` bad guy ' in movies . Vaughn is just coasting through this role , and is just bland and boring enough to make us not give a damn if he loses his gym or not . I 'm tired of Ben Stiller playing basically the same character in a majority of his movies . Here he is talking in that stupid deep voice and spitting out stupid insults and comebacks again . How do people still find this funny ? His career is dying slowly , maybe he can resurrect it a little in `` Meet The Fockers . `` There are a number of sight gags that fall completely flat throughout the movie . The dialougue was pretty lame , and people getting hit in the head and crouch gets old too fast ! It was nice to see Christine Taylor kiss another chick at the end , of course , but where she proclaims that , `` I 'm not a lesbian , I 'm a bisexual , '' what the hell was that ? That little part was just awkward . The only good things about this movie were the cameos by the likes of Lance Armstrong , Hank Azaria , David Hasselhoff , and of course Chuck Norris , and every minute Rip Torn was on screen . Torn just plays with such a gritty , unconventional attitude ! I thought ESPN 8 `` The Ocho '' was somewhat funny.The movie did n't even make sense at times . It paints itself out of the corner so many times at the end there , it was ridiculous ! First , Average Joe 's team was going to have to forfeit , but wait ! ... there 's a rule to overturn it . Vaughn 's character gets knocked out by Stiller 's , but wait ! ... he stepped over the line . Vaughn 's team wins , but Stiller still gets Vaughn 's gym , no wait ! ... Vaughn just happened to bet all his money on his team even though he was drinking beforehand and not planning on playing the final . Uhhhhhhhh ! I would n't despise this movie so much if so many different ppl did n't tell me how great and funny it was . If you have n't seen this yet , do n't go to any extent to see it right away ! Maybe it 's worth renting , but really only worth watching it if you can borrow it off a friend or neighbor , or roommate like I did .
 Dodge ball is the kind of movie you have seen a thousand times about a guy trying to save something for him and hid friends and they happen to figure out a way how to do it that would never really happen in real life , but you know it will in the end of the film , because it 's a movie.What 's - his-face plays this guy who owns a gymnasium that needs $ 50,000 to keep his gym , other wise it will be repossessed -LRB- or something like that -RRB- by the bank . So they try to think up a way to get the fifty grand with a few weeks by any means necessary -LRB- legally -RRB- . They decide they will enter the Dodge Ball competition where the grand final prize money is -LRB- wait for it , you 'll never guess -RRB- fifty thousand dollars !!! Their rival team is Ben Stiller 's annoying character who owns a much more stable and wealthier gym who has bought off the first mortgage of Joes gym and plans to turn Joes gym into a car park for his gym that happens to be right across the street . Will Joe get to the final and win the 50k ? Or will Global Gym beat them and take over ? I wonder ??? Ben Stiller is not an actor I hate , I did like him in `` Something about Mary '' so do n't get me wrong when I say he is the downfall of this film . He plays an extra stupid fitness buff who owns a major gym . But his character is not funny , and his acting is extremely annoying . To set up a character for the audience to hate is ok , but to make them annoyed and wish he would just get off the screen is another . There is a difference between a villain and bad acting.This movie did n't seem to know which direction it wanted to go in with its approach to comedy in my opinion . Some of it seemed like it was trying to go for average family comedy or kids movie , other parts it would go for the smutty comedy approach , and then in-between here and there where bits of attempted wacky and goofy comedy like a slap stick kind of think . Those elements can work well together , but this new 1st time producer , whoever he is , needs to work out how to blend them properly or never get it right . It 's kind of like a kid 's first time out drinking booze , instead of sipping something light ; he 's grabbed everything from the top shelf and mixed a regretting combination . But one day he might learn to not mix his drinks . That 's because this movie had potential to be absolutely hilarious , but it failed with the wrong ideas and jokes and did n't come out the way it could have been.The extra features are nothing to look forward to . The out-takes are n't funny , -LRB- except David Hasslehoff 's , that made me laugh -RRB- the deleted scenes are pretty boring , the featurettes are slightly amusing in some parts . The alternate ending is ... eh . The commentary was buggered up because it actualy had JOKE COMMANTARY written on the back of the case . -LRB- 2 thing 's , do n't write that it 's a joke , it reuins it , and do n't tell people there are eggs on the DVD , it 's reuins the fact that there supposed to be hidden extras . . oh and 3 , make the eggs worth looking at -RRB- but knowing it was a joke rueined the thing that I knew was an attempted false audio commantary to make you laugh , well it failed anyway , not much is funny about them arguing and pretending to hate each other and rustling chip packets and drinking beer , might have worked if they didnt write it was a joke on the case already before you 've seen it . but then halfway through they decide to play the audio commantary from ` something about mary ' which is stupid to do from the 40 minute mark to the very end of the credits , it did become quite boring after the 1st 10 minutes of listning to that half of it . There is a hidden audio commentary in the commentary selection screen if you press right on one of the options and you get to listen to the REAL commantary -LRB- WHY HIDE A COMMENTARY TRACK ? -RRB- . Still , there boring . The hidden eggs are n't worth looking at either.Dodge Ball failed to find it 's mark because I had a hard time trying to figure out what kind of comedy it was supposed to be ? Slapstick ? Family ? Smutty ? or a Kids Comedy ? But I could not just sit back and enjoy the film either , too much of it just did n't hit the right mark and was pretty cheap attempts at humour . Surprisingly tho it did n't contain a fart joke anywhere in the movie !!! The movie really needed to finish what it began with certain character elements and little things here and there . I 'd recommend you watch BASEketball instead , yeah , watch the movie that this one tried to be in some ways.The movie has no lasting quality . I laughed at a few things the 1st time around . But on the second time around it was pretty stale . Ben Stiller 's performance is very hard for me to watch . The humour does n't last . It could have been such a better movie then it is . The bonus features are a snore fest . Cameos do not save the film , the movie might be a clich&eacute; of sports and to itself , but it 's a `` seen it before '' movie . You have seen the basic element of this movies story line 1000 times . There is probably 2 lines in the whole movie I liked ` cause I though they where funny and original , but not lasting or classic comedy.Thumbs down , but to say something good about the film , least it was better then a lot of the other junk released last year.And pretty much everyone I know whose seen this has the same reveiw as me ... `` I did not like the movie , but I loved the line Rip Torn said '' so on that note let me say that this DVD is a iseless as a C *** flavoured lollypop .
 Dodgball has the formula to be a classic . What can be funnier than seeing a bunch of people get pelted with red rubber balls ? But somewhere during execution , the film lost whatever magic it may have had . Ben Stiller 's character is like a lame version of Zoolander , that tries to be funny , but fails horribly . Vince Vaughn is also not funny and not a likeable character along with his crew of strange outcasts of life . When they got Ben and Vince against each other , I could care less who won.Simple movie goers may like this film , but people looking for a comedy that 's more than just stupid one liners -LRB- that are n't even good . -RRB- Dodgeball does not deliver . When I went to see this movie I expected nothing from it , and I got less . I 'm only giving this 2 stars because of a few cheap laughs it had that actualy were successful , other than that , it was a complete failure . One of the worst movies of 2004 .
 Basically , my thoughts about this movie can be summed up in the title of this review . A family member of mine got this movie as a gift last Christmas , and just recently I was in a `` comedy '' mood and gave it a viewing . By the end of the film , though , the only person I was laughing at was myself for sitting through the whole thing.The problems with this film are numerous
 OKay , Ben , not even guys getting hit in the face with -LSB- dodge -RSB- balls is gon na save you this time . Did they just unfreeze your Starsky charcter and put you in this movie ? You 're killin me !!!!! Do something different!The rest of the cast was good , although not the same can be said of the jokes . This could have been a thirty minute movie , maybe add another 10 minutes of that kid getting hit with the wrenches.If you love Ben Stiller please `` See all my reviews ''
 I love comedies that are cleverly made . ` Dodgeball ' had all of the SNL ingredients and that 's what made it old . The concept of a movie based on the game of dodgeball is brilliant , it just was n't executed right . This could have been a marriage made in heaven with Ben Stiller and a ` Rocky ' - type ending . But there 's no emotion here and the jokes are stale 90 's retro . How many times do you have to throw in a ` lesbian ' joke or mock Asian people ? I would be ashamed to even be associated with a movie that puts down people who are in the minority.Yes , the film did great at the boxoffice , but so what ? The crowd went to see Ben Stiller and the concept of dodgeball . I think this film brought the American comedy to yet another low . Will someone please bring back the great American comedy ?
 I 'm not sure how many crappy movies Stiller can put out in a given year , but as far as crappy -LRB- no pun intended for Envy movie -RRB- , this tops the heap.Just Bloody Awful !!!!!!! Do n't waste your purchase or rental money on this garbage ! You 'll be sorry . Luckily I saw for free , but still feel ripped off of 92 minutes of my life .
 Watching this movie is the only way possible to make `` Wedding Crashers '' look good . This is the worst `` comedy '' ever in my life . It 's easily the most over hyped , and definitely the most over rated movie I 've ever seen . I kept waiting for the funny parts I was told so much about to show up , and kept waiting ... Before I knew it the credits started rolling . There is nothing , NOTHING funny about this movie at all . The characters are too over the top , as is the script itself , and the situations and the very storyline offer only an over indulgence of even more , I ca n't even call it sophomoric because sophomoric I can stand . I lovvvve sophomoric humor . That would be an upgrade . It 's just corny characters , given terrible corny , `` let 's give high school mentalities something to guffaw about at lunch '' storylines and interplay . Ben Stiller is never more wasted . And if I hear one more proclomation about how funny Vince Vaughn is I 'm gon na puke . To hear folks response , Vaughn 's mere appearance on the screen is cause for belly rolling laughs . I just do n't see it . None of the over the top characters in this movie derived so much as a chuckle from me . I merely sat through it to say I gave it a fair chance . Even that was too much to bare . There are not enough bad things to say about this movie , and to prevent from falling into a ornry diatribe , I 'll leave it at this . This movie completely stinks . By Comparison , `` Wedding Crashers '' is another `` Godfather '' as far as quality . And believe me , I could n't stand `` Wedding Crashers '' either .
 I have to agree with the other 1-star reviewers . This movie sucks . Ben Stiller needs to get a life and stop appearing in every single comedy movie . Same thing with the ever-so-not-funny Vince Vaughn . This is stupid . It 's not so stupid that it 's funny , it 's so stupid that you want to vomit.I was looking forward to seeing this movie when it came out . Luckily , I never had the chance , because Ben Stiller 's -LRB- ... -RRB- . When I saw it on DVD , I was far from disappointed . I was disgusted ! If I recorded a game of dodgeball during gym class , this would be better than this piece of crap . Besides , who likes the game dodgeball ? -LRB- ... -RRB-
 this film is retarded . what a waste of ben stiller 's talent.i cant believe i allowed my bf to make me sit thru two hours of this torture in the theatre . i want to scream every time i think about it .
 I have seen some bad movies in my time but nothing compares to this stinker -LRB- well Dumb and Dumber comes close -RRB- ! The film looks like it was filmed in someone 's garage . The lack of any real plot , the lame hokey formulaic sentimentality and the atrocious and overdone -LRB- so-called -RRB- acting of Ben Stiller -LRB- quickly sinking his career into oblivion -RRB- leaves one in a stupor or was it nausea ? I enjoy a no-brainer as much as anyone but this one requires a lobotomy to derive a feeble laugh . Stay away and please Rawson Marshall Thurber please consider a career change .
 This is one of the dumbest movies I have ever seen , not even `` stupid '' funny , the people that liked or loved this movie voted for Bush ... The Presidential Inauguration of George Bush , now that was funny ... The fact that people found this movie funny is simply amazing and reflects the lack of taste so prevalent in our society
 this movie blows , im so sick of these lame comedies ca n't anyone make a funny movie anymore instead of crap like this and 50 First Dates or the worst of them all Anchorman , if you want something to laugh at i recommend buying a season of Wildboyz . I rented Dodgeball and i still feel ripped off !
 Another movie people rave about being ` hilarious ' turns out to be mildly funny at best in a few parts . Wait for the 99 cent rental price .
 I took to friends to this movie and I regret taking them to it . Ben Stiller -LRB- Starsky and Hutch , Zoolander -RRB- and Vince Vaughn -LRB- Starsky and Hutch , Zoolander -RRB- play rival gym owners who enter a championship Dogdeball Tournament so machowannabe Stiller wont take over their gym . Vaughn is so stiff in this movie and Stiller is such a -LRB- ... -RRB- that I liked nothing about each of their characters . Christine Taylor -LRB- Zoolander , Campfire Tales -RRB- plays on Vaughn 's team -LRB- Taylor is Stiller 's reallife wife -RRB- . Other actors in the movie are the following
 American gets dodgeball-grab life by the ball -- UK is getting dodgeball uncut-grab life by the balls -- more scenes from rip torn and cheerleading backflashes has apparently been taken out from the American release . Do n't buy , just wait until they release it uncut . From what I have read online , uncut has some quite hilarious scenes
 Crude and silly with a plot worthy of 3rd graders but to vulgar for that age group . I suggest you not waste your time or money on this movie .
 With the slinging of rubber playground balls and the realistic sound of the ball hitting and stinging its mark -LRB- how 'd they capture that ! -RRB- and the bathroom humor , this could have been a movie that I enjoyed with my children ! HOWEVER , the sexual innuendo and outright poor language , as well as the girl-girl kiss and `` crotch enhancement '' received by the Stiller character makes this a movie that I 'm tossing in the trash can . What a drag !
 I 'm not too picky about silly vehicular comedies . Come on , I liked `` Happy Gilmour '' and `` Elf '' . And I thought the movie plot had promise , I mean an actual Dodgeball League existing?But as much as I liked both the actors and the performances , this movie felt like it was falling apart every few scenes . Whenever people were getting pelted in the faces with balls and wrenches I was laughing - hey , slapstick gets me everytime . But the tedious dialogue scenes when the point is being reinforced that Ben Stiller 's character is a total a-hole ... ok , ok - we get it . And I 'm sorry , they really over-did the grossness
 Do n't get me wrong . I like the concept behind Dodgeball -- the lowbrow comedy that actual works a couple of times during this otherwise woefully mediocre film . The writing is the worst part . The actors make much of a lot of really unfunny lines -- the dialogue is so off-the-mark that it rarely brings even a smile to the lips . Add to this a male lead who is about as bland and uninteresting as you can imagine -- playing a sort of everyman that you ca n't even begin to root for -- and Dodgeball becomes a rather bland mess that does n't live up to the potential of some of its funnier stars -LRB- Stephen Root and Ben Stiller at the top of the list -RRB- . These writers must be related to major Hollywood hitters . No other explanation for how such mediocrity could make it to the screen .
 Revenge of the nerds?I 'm shocked that so many found this movie to be funny . I 'm sorry i wasted my money on it . I understand the role reversal idea where the tall hunky like vince vaughn ends up being the under dog everyman type guy and 5 foot nothing ben stiller is the greasy bad guy . Problem is it does n't work . Stiller comes across as a comic book character and vaughn 's understated humor is nearly comatose . The writing is horrible so of course the script is included with the dvd so you can read how horrible it is . It 's bad!Ben stiller plays this sleazy ceo of a multimillion dolar health club who i guess is really trying to overcome his own feelings of inferiority though the writing does little to flesh that out . He does have the blow up crotch in his spandex to make it look like he has more than he does ha ha . Vaughn 's character owns a run down nearly bankrupt gym right across the street called `` average joe 's '' . Average joe 's is no threat to the bigger gym so of course the stiller character is obsessed with taking it over . That would be tragic because all the nerds at average joe 's have nothing else . Like we should care ? The message here is that owners of successful businesses are egomaniacal facists , nazis ? While owners of failed businesses are laid back cool guys ? Note that the name of the ben stiller character `` white '' goodman . Make up your own mind what that is supposed to represent.Anyway the mean facist `` white '' goodman is going after average joe 's so now the vaughn character and his merry band of nerds needs to find a way to get $ 50,000 to keep average joe 's and stop him . How do you raise 50K in america ? Well win a nationwide dodge ball tourney of course . So they sign up and who will they play in the championship ? A team led by the facist `` white '' goodman . What a shock . And you do n't even need to guess who wins.In between all this you have numerous gags , about three dozen times someone will take a hit to the crotch and various cameo appearences by famous people . Some of the gags and lines are funny like when the stiller character asks the pretty christine taylor -LRB- his real life wife -RRB- if she would like to mate . She then gags and says `` i just vomited in my mouth '' . Most are not funny.All in all there are some funny moments but you never buy into the whole plot line . You could care less about any of the average joe 's characters and vince vaughn 's character is vegetated . He is usually smiling wryly and little else . Ben stiller 's character is so bizzare , so weird you ca n't take him seriously enough to hate him.Not even in the same league as something about mary . Please do n't waste your money on it .
 Lance Armstrong has the funniest scene in this movie , and that 's no strike at the pedaler . It is legitimately funny . Other funny shizzle :1 -RRB- Numerous shots to the bathing suit parts -LRB- Immature ? Yes . Always funny ? Yes . -RRB- 2 -RRB- A bar is named after something disgusting/funny/disgusting again .3 -RRB- Vince Vaughn occasionally reminds you that his dry wit still exists .4 -RRB- The blooper scene with the ref -- &#34; Laughing really ... &#34; 5 -RRB- The &#34; alternate &#34; ending.All told , this list comprises roughly three and one half minutes of the movie . After the tag-team debacle that is Starsky -- &#62; Dodgeball , it will be difficult for me to go see another heavily pimped Stiller production . &#34; Laughing the whole movie ... &#34; &#34; Funniest movie I 've ever seen ... &#34; &#34; Non-stop hilarity ... &#34; ?
 Sorry but this movie stunk . Maybe one or two laughs at most . That turd movie `` Envy '' was funnier than this garbage .
 Holy horror shows , what an abysmal flick . If you think you might enjoy 100 + minutes of guys either getting hit in the head or crotch by flying objects , this movie might very well be for you . For me , and I suspect for anyone with half a brain , it gets old pretty dang quickly . Stiller 's once promising comic acting career seems to be waning as he once agains saddles up to a role that is bound to leave teenaged boys laughing hysterically while leaving the rest of the audience wincing at this enormously hideous movie . Vince Vaughn 's so-called understated performance is almost comatose , can you say `` Dead man Acting '' ? I suppose it 's not entirely his fault , the script is bad , so horrifyingly bad , that it 's hard to blame each and every actor in this movie for giving what will no doubt -LRB- hopefully , for their sake -RRB- be their worst performance ever turned in on the silver screen.I watched this movie with 7 other people who , like me , enjoy a good comedy , and the unanimous conclusion was that Dodgeball was awful , a complete dud . The biggest puzzle about Dodgeball is the commercial success it seems to be having both at the box office and on the rental shelves . Go ahead , while desperately seeking a few laughs , you may very well shell out your hard earned cash for this pathetic comedy , but mark my words , the joke will be on you .
 Dodge is the key word ! You will be better off to buy some of Ben Stiler 's fun stuff rather than this unfunny production . Vince Vaughan - was that acting ? Appalling in the extreme . Unfair on the team ! Recommended is Bens part in the brilliant British TV production
 this film is a walking Sports Cliche & just seems to try to throw everything out there & never makes much sense.still did n't get the real point of the film.I never found the film funny at all.very Campy & nothing stood out for me at all .
 This movie is horrible . I saw it at a matinee because it was doing really well at the box office and I figured if a lot of people were going to see it that it must be pretty funny . Well , that was wrong ; this movie was very , very stupid and I did n't laugh once . I would rather spend 90 minutes cleaning the bathroom or reading the dictionary - you get the idea . Do n't waste your time . If you 're stubborn , then rent it before you buy it so you can see for yourself how stupid this movie is . Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn are funny guys , but this movie is like a paint by numbers -LRB- done by someone with shaky hands -RRB- .
 I would never have bought this movie for myself - I think the movie is lame . I borrowed it from my nephew to see it and a friend `` borrowed '' and never returned it . I just bought it because I owed my nephew the movie . There were very few original funny moments in it .
 This is not exactly top shelf drama . Mostly very juvenile type humor , if you want to call it that . Two thumbs down !
 This movie was horrible.It was like eating turd.Ben Stiller should n't inflate in this movie just makes him look weird and Vince Vaughn was tall compared to Ben Stiller.If you are gon na buy this movie just imagine eating poop that 's how the movie is like .
 This movie is not in the least bit funny . Ben Stiller is not funny anymore he needs to stop releasing films every two months . Vince Vaughn is NOT FUNNY . Everyone in this film is so satisfied with themselves and they must certainly be cracking up after the director yells cut , but they forgot to make the AUDIENCE laugh along with them . I am sick of hollywood giving us the same three people in every comedy . Harold and Kumar is the best place to go for some fresh faces in comedy and a much funnier and much better over all film experience . Dodgeball is comedy for those smokin the wacky tobacky , or people who just find every little damn thing hilarious . I wish I was so easily amused .
 Worst movie , worst acting , and worst script , this would win hands down . When it comes to lame , witless and downright stupid movies , Ben Stiller is on quite a roll . If you are not a teenaged boy , I recommend staying away from this one.Dodgeball fancies itself as a parody of the typical sports movie , do n't fall for it . The non-stop toilet humor is lame and predictable and it 's a wonder that this movie can garner such rave reviews from so many people.In my humble opinion , if you have an IQ greater than 12 , do n't bother with Dodgeball . Personally , I 'd sooner watch a marathon of Paulie Shore and Carrot Top movies before sitting thru Dodgeball again , and that my friends , is saying something .
 I am really dissapointed in this film . Ben Stiller is hilarious in Starsky And Hutch , but Dogeball dodged me in the wrong way . One thing that I did n't like , was that in the first 2 minutes of the movie , it felt like I already watched it . The rest of the movie just seemed so predictable afterwards , and I got it right on the first try . Usually , this never happens . Dodgeball is more of a rental , or maybe it 's not even worth a rental . If you ask me , it 's really not that funny . The only part I even smiled was when they called this girl a double 0 . I think that 's just hilarious , but the rest of the movie was dull . I thought the DVD case was more entertaining than the movie really . It is ! Go look at it ! Please , do n't buy . It 's a rental , or even not a rental . Maybe it 's a throw away movie considering I 've heard the double 0 joke somewhere else . Not funny ! Try again Stiller !
 I was looking forward to seeing a funny but fairly stupid movie . It was funny from time to time . Most of the good stuff was in the occasionally funny slapstick . But the main character was an unabashed -LSB- ... -RSB- consumer , the main lady turned out to be someone of very poor judgement and obvious immorality , the main antagonist tried multiple times to artifically expand his male anatomy and then ended up totally fat in the end with a set of very female -LSB- ... -RSB- and doing a dirty dance with them.The theme of this movie was , `` There are no consequences in life and the road to success is luck . `` I was the really stupid one for not turning off this movie early on . I kept hoping it would end up well but I was very disappointed . I hope no one else falls into wasting time and money watching or supporting this offensive and waste of a movie .
 Ok , the movie Dodgeball ... Can you say collosal waste of time ? Thank goodness we NetFlix 'd it and did n't waste any money at the theater or on buying the DVD.Now , when I heard about the movie , and saw the previews , I thought , `` hey , looks pretty funny . '' I mean , hey , I loved dodgeball as a kid and some of the movie trailers looked entertaining , but this movie , probably all courtesy of the freak Ben Stiller -LRB- who has his entertaining moments -RRB- , was so laden with profanity , sexual innuendo , and filth that we ended up fast-forwarding through several scenes.Sure it was entertaining in parts . Who does n't think seeing someone laid out with a wrench or a big red rubber ball is n't funny ?? Sure the David vs. Goliath moral of the story is great and heartwarming to see them win , but hey were the inflatable `` cup '' , the S&M ; uniforms , the crude references to bodily functions , sex , etc. really necessary ? Oh , and the girl/girl kiss with Christine Taylor -LRB- Kate -RRB- and her `` girlfriend '' was just down right repulsive.So once again Hollywood takes an entertaining film idea , and stuffs it so full of crap that it 's hardly entertaining . Good Going . .
 This movie is so stupid and immature . I do n't think I laughed once the whole movie . The plot did n't make me care for any of the characters or the lame story . I think maybe this movie was just trying too hard to be funny . Thank God it was just a rental ! Do n't waste your time or money on this garbage .
 I saw this movie on an airplane , flying New York to Sao Paulo . A long flight , so I was ready for something lame to pass the time.I got it
 one thing that is gauronteed with any comedy is that they are poorly made , poorly scripted , poorly acted , stupid wastes of money . This movie is funny , so i guess you can say it does what is supposed to -LRB- make you laugh -RRB- , but there is more to entertainment then stupid sex jokes , and the pain of others -LRB- funny but can carry a movie only so far -RRB- , how about changing things up and making a comedy with a good script , good performances , different forms of humor -LRB- not just people getting hit in the face with a ball , it was funny but only after the first few times -RRB- . 3 out of a 10 , it made me laugh , but could have done more .
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Literally , I could not get through it . It 's juevenile , stupid , obvious humor , that treats the audience like idiots . It 's sad to see Ben Stiller become an overacting film destroyer , but you ca n't blame this one on him . Even Vince Vaughn seemed awkward in this terrible movie , like he knew each line he delivered was worse than the previous one . Awful and horrible . I knew someone who was on a plane that showed this movie and she cimbed into the overhead compartment for the rest of the ride.If you liked this movie , I have some great footage of a dog chasing its tail for three hours that I 'm sure you would enjoy .
 I review this movie not despite the fact that I fell asleep while watching it , but because of that fact.I watched the movie with my a group of my friends . We were at my best friend 's place . When somebody suggested that we watched this film I was n't crazy about the idea , but I was overruled.It was okay . I laughed once , one of about twenty-three times I 've laughed during a movie . But for the most part it was dull and unfunny . The acting was trash and the characters were easy to detest , especially the stupid bad guy.I drifted off about the time the guy got hit by the car . And I 've got no regrets .
 I gave it one star because two hot girls kissed at the end . Just kidding . This is a movie made for young teenage boys like me who want to see that sort of thing and also have a low intelligence level so that they will laugh when somebody gets hit in the head with a wrench . Forget the fact that they 've seen it 20 times in previews on TV . Wow , maybe I took the movie too seriously . I guess it 's all just a matter of opinion . Speaking of which , see Napoleon Dynamite ! My friend loved Dodgeball and hated Napoleon , and I was the other way around . Go figure .
 There is nothing I like more than a movie about balls . I like it when the whole plot is based around big hairy balls . Would you believe that in this movie they are throwing their balls at each other while Ben Stiller tries to act like he knows how to act . Oh sure , Stiller is the villan in the movie . But he is about as convincing as a stick of butter is tough in the microwave . The only reason I gave this movie two stars is because I like balls .
 I bought this DVD thinking it had a subject . Unfortunately it turned out to be a disappoinment . Nice shots of Miho Nomoto and Rebeca Chang are to view . No action , only nice poses of both .
 THis DVD is full of these two young models mostly naked . I thought this was a movie , but it is n't . This DVD is a collection of video/photo session with the two models interspliced with scenese from another DVD . I believe one of the other DVDs is called `` Lady in Heat , '' which should be a collection of 3 vignettes . All we get is a series of poses , none of which lasts more than 8 seconds , and a few scenes of kissing . I do n't mind the tameness of these two beautiful girls together -LRB- there is nothing hardcore here -RRB- , but I do mind the leftover , hash job the producers of this video have offered us .
 A few years ago there was a HK movie called Lady in Heat that became a hit - why ? Mainly due to the lesbian scenes involving Penthouse HK star Miho Nomoto and Rebecca Chang -LRB- spelled Rebeca on the box , not sure which is correct -RRB- . Because of this , a `` photo album '' of sorts was whipped up starring both Nomoto and Chang.The packaging of this video just screams `` hey ! lesbian content ! '' , peppered with shots from the Lady in Heat scenes . I got this specifically because I liked Lady in Heat , and there were vignettes within the film that indicated there were more scenes that had n't been used.Unfortunately , they are n't in here . This is a series of vignettes illustrating photo shoots and the like , with the girls mostly apart . When they 're together , they 're very posed and still - not interacting , and really not doing anything sensual . It does explain away some of the `` glamour '' shots that were used on the promo postcards included with the HK DVD release of LiH.The few lesbian scenes in this are shots from Lady in Heat , and are cut up ; nothing new for the LiH fan , and too incomplete to be of much use for the lesbian-scene fan.Overall a very soft-focus lingering look at both Miho and Rebecca , like something from the early Playboy videos - very tame - in fact , nothing below the waist is ever shown . Worth it for the Miho fan -LRB- of which there are a few . -RRB- Might also create a few Rebecca fans - she 's really cute and it * is * nice to have a bit more with her , even if it 's just topless cavorting.Other miscellaneous complaints
 Video only?Absolutely no sound from this `` NTSC '' DVD.I tried it on multiple machines and several computers ... No dice ... the soundtrack is absent.You have an ideal picture of the artists performing their very silent show.Not very satisfying ... I 'd rather hear and not see a band than see and not hear a band.just a bit pissed in Puyallup , WA
 About the only thing I get from this movie is that Peggy Sue and Charlie were meant to be . And nothing Peggy Sue did could alter that . Not even going back 25 years into the past to break up with him.Which would have been fine , if Peggy Sue had ever realized that if she broke up with Charlie , her kids would have never been born . But she does n't . Instead all she thinks about is that now she can have some fun , but she misses her kids and wants to go back to her own time.The film tries to show Michael as an intense , sensitive poet . Instead he comes across as someone who is going insane and will probably die of drug overdose or automobile accident by age 23 . Everyone else in the movie is extremely shallow . As has been noted before , the woman in the wheelchair is never explained . Charlie gives up on his music career even before he graduates from High School . Even Peggy 's Grandparents are portrayed as flaky weirdos , attending strange clubs and participating in bizarre rituals.Was there any point in Peggy Sue going back to 1960 ? Did she manage to change anything ? Did Peggy learn anything to better help her deal with her life ? Not really . So what was the point , other than to waste 103 minutes ?
 This was a truly strange movie , from multiple perspectives . Firstly that Francis Ford Coppola would choose something like a pseudo romantic comedy to add to his resume . Secondly that Nicholas Cage would star as the male lead , when he was known before as being the dingbat bumbling fool and after as the brooding dark eccentric . And third , the whole premise of the movie was just plain odd.Kathleen Turner plays Peggy Sue , a divorced , middle aged and unhappy woman who goes to her high school reunion despite all her misgivings . At the reunion she faints , then wakes up back in time . She is once again in high school . She is given a chance to do it all over again.The foundation of this movie was not odd , as it 's been the theme of many sci fi and fantasy films past and present . There are a few funny moments with the typical fish out of water / anachronism humor -LRB- I also remembered going to my high school reunion and remarking that a lot of things they taught were so useless - You did n't take Honors English last year so you have to stay in the Special Ed English class ! - You ca n't have study hall ! Gym class is priority ! - Take the science elective or you wo n't get into college ! , etc. -RRB- . She starts off the movie saying that had she known then what she knows now , she would have done things much differently . We all think that at one point or another . And she does do some things differently , like going for the mysterious poet she always admired from afar . But , she does n't do things differently in the end . She is approached by the school nerd who would grow up to be a wealthy and successful man , and when he proposes that she change her destiny and marry him , she refuses . Peggy Sue said she wanted to go back to the present because she missed her kids . Missed her kids ?! If she stayed in this time or went with someone else her kids would n't exist ! She ends up with her husband , perhaps because of this reason , and essentially continues back down the same path.That was a disappointment , a major disappointment . She goes back in time and does n't affect the future in a positive way , except to afirm to herself that she is content being miserable in the present . And how about that weird scene with her grandparents and trying to send her back in time at the Shriners ' convention ? Too stupid for words . The best part of this movie was Nicholas Cage , in that it would spring board him into other roles and a successful movie career . Otherwise do n't waste your time .
 Although Kathleen Turner does an admirable job salvaging this film , there is very little I can do to recommend it . Nicholas Cage is painfully bad .
 So good old megacorporation Columbia has decided to release this nice little film in an abridged pan and scan edition . I guess I should n't and could n't expect more from a bunch of green in their eyes suits who probably only read War and Peace in its abridged form in one of those bathroom books .
 The movie will not play . I tried it in two different DVD players and the movie wo n't play at all . &#34; Peggy Sue Got Married &#34;
 Amazon 's product descriptive information for this movie DVD includes a `` Review '' stating `` the DVD release has optional full-screen and widescreen presentations ... -LRB- etc. -RRB- ... '' . This is NOT TRUE . Amazon sent me the DVD copy of this movie and it DOES NOT offer a presentation of this movie in its original Widescreen format . It is `` Full Screen '' ONLY . It shows only part of the original movie . DO NOT buy this mis-represented product -LRB- unless you WISH to be duped , OR unless you just CA N'T do without `` PEGGY SUE GOT MARRIED '' no matter HOW Amazon wants to dump it on you -RRB- . I 've requested a refund for a falsely represented product .
 It 's boring and slow . What else is there to say
 Every time I try to watch this movie on Amazon Prime I get audio , but no video either on my TV via a Roku box or on my computer . For the life of me I ca n't find anywhere on the Amazon site to report this problem to anyone . Do you think anyone from Amazon reads these reviews and can help .
 I ordered Funny Girl -LRB- my favorite musical , of course -RRB- and was very excited upon its arrival this Valentine 's Day . I planned on watching it on my vacation but when I opened the packaging , it showed that I , in fact , had received Funny Lady . Honestly , who likes Funny Lady?Not cool .
 The disc I received did Not have the film on it . It had the accompanying features and interviews but no movie . I was had ! I hope none of you had that experience . It cost me $ 12.49 . This says much about the quality control at Amazon . I am a very loyal customer , but this is the second time that Amazon has `` stolen '' money from me . By the way , the Features were great !
 This product is defective . The opening credits and begining of the movie are BLANK . Video and sound kicks in 10 minutes after the start of the movie . This is the THIRD DVD of this movie I 've purchased , all of which were defective in this manner . So what is the problem ? It 's time for Amazon to check into this . Up until now everything I 've purchased either directly from Amazon , or from an Amazon supplier has been great .
 Barabara is so charming and funny in the first part of the film . But , the second half loses all its steam ; I felt like there was no story after their marriage started falling apart ... you 're kind of waiting for it to end at that point . Furthermore , Omar Sharif was not particularly well-casted in my opinion .
 just finished watching this DVD ... I must say , the announcer of this DVD was more scary than the idea of the TM movement being a cult ! I agree that the TM movement has religious elements in it , and they should disclose that the mantras they are giving to people have meaning , and are the names of hindu deities -LRB- from my understanding , they do not disclose this -RRB- . I do think it is a money making venture . Obviously , the Maharishi was not a poor man . It is my understanding that he owned several beautiful , expensive homes , cars , and had his own helicopter , and lots of money . It 's a convenient thing that he preached that you do not have to give up material goods and wealth , as he obviously did not . I believe , currently , that the price for this 6 week initiation and mantra giving is now up to $ 2.500.00 per person ! That buys a lot of material stuff , does n't it!However , I did feel that the announcer is pretty scary too ! He says that TM is evil , and that some of the ex-practitioners had `` seen the devil '' until they found and was saved by the Lord and Jesus Christ . I think this is untrue . He obviously feels threatened by anyone who has an alternative view to what God is . He seems narrow minded , intolerant of other viewpoints and beliefs , and demands total obedience to his God . I also noticed that one ex follower was asked if he felt that TM 's ceremony for new initiates was religious in nature , to which he replied , `` I did n't , at first , but when I got out of it , and accepted the Lord Jesus as my savior , I did think that it was in fact religious '' . He goes on to explain how he had become self centered and selfish while practicing TM . To me , it was like he was saying that he did n't think he was doing anything wrong until his born again fellows told him that he was.The announcer consistently claims throughout that God wants you to use your mind -LRB- think for yourself -RRB- , and not to release yourself of your consciousness , as TM proponents suggest . This whole thing of a born again christian or minister telling you what is evil does not sound like using your mind to me ; it sounds like allowing others to decide for you what is right and what is wrong.In my opinion , this whole presentation is like the pot calling the kettle black , instilling fear into others that the devil is going to get them if they meditate , and telling everyone what to think and what to believe . They -LRB- christians -RRB- are right and good , and everyone who believes differently is wrong and evil . As already mentioned , I do believe it is a financial scam , and that it has more religious elements than the teachers of TM are revealing . I do not personally believe that advanced students can levitate or disappear . To me , that is just silly , but I do n't think meditation is inheirantly evil . Perhaps instead , you could save your money , choose which religion or beliefs you wish for yourself , and just sit quietly a couple of times a day . Perhaps also being kind to yourself and others , and not judging others would be good things to try too !
 This is an ongoing fundamentalist christian belief -LRB- that 's been around forever -RRB- that no one can be a christian unless you came to God in their prescribed manner.If you do n't , you 're either a cult such as Mormons or simply -LRB- non -RRB- christian which would include the Catholic church.Meditation has been in the past and is apparently still considered evil to the fundamentalist christian even though it 's nothing more than prayer.I ca n't understand why any Christian would promote such hate - is n't it the opposite of what Jesus taught .
 The book reflects the fear in people . The best way to answer such nonsense is with knowldge . I suggest the following link that provides scientific and empircal data on the TM practice . http : www.truthabouttm.org/truth/Home/index.cfmNuns , monks , priest , scientist , and atheist all practice TM and receive benefit . Fundamnetalist of any religion attempt to find dogma to live by rather than seeking truth.Conchita
 I generally love women-in-prison films because I really enjoy that whole genre of vulnerable young imprisoned girls being preyed upon by bad-girl-cellmates , evil lesbian guards , and that always lustful female warden . This one DOES have the lustful female warden -LRB- but not enough of her -RRB- , and there is one guard who just might be a lesbian , but the rest of it is disappointing and falls flat . For one thing , there are WAY too many guys in this film ! Big mistake!Basically , in the future women will be enslaved to work the salt mines , but one girl in particular has a boyfriend on the outside who wants to break her out . And , of course , he does . The best scenes -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- involve the beautiful , older female warden and the two young , blonde female sex-slaves she keeps for her private pleasures . I really liked it whenever those three were on the screen . Unfortunately , that was only twice , and too briefly at that . Of course , there 's also an obligatory shower scene , but the women all kept their clothes on !?! What fun is that ? Granted , their outfits were skimpy ... but really ! I liked the scene , but like the film itself it COULD have been a LOT better !
 Undeservedly overlooked at this year 's Oscars , this is actually a retitling of a film called ` Hell Mountain ' , and has all the hallmarks of a tedious cash-in . You 'd be half right ; while nothing to do with the 1983 classic , as post-apocalyptic soft-porn B-movies go , it 's not at all bad . And , believe me , I 've seen enough to know how bad it * can * get . Fortunately , CH3 is set in a future where fertiliser and guns are in short-supply , but civilization still has an abundant supply of thongs and hair-stylists . The plot/excuse has a village exchanging their nubile young girls with an evil -LRB- and disfigured , natch -RRB- man who runs the fertiliser mine . This peeves one of the boyfriends , who looks like Kyle McLachlan , but sadly possesses none of the quirky wit . Oh , and all teachers bar one have been exterminated .
 There 's a special edition widescreen DVD being released in February 2007 , which has remastered audio and video and better extras . Do n't buy this horrible version .
 This dvd release is so horrible . This movie should have been restored to the level it deserved to be . They made it full screen with lousy , awful , distorted sound and I guess the bonus features are the extra grainy picture and ugly cover art . All of us fans of the movie deserve a re-release of the dvd complete with bonus features , 5.1 sound , complete digital restoration and more of a mystical , magical , beautiful cover to the dvd . They should know by now that they can sell more if they give us more.Studio people please rescue this film from complete destruction .
 I loved this movie as a child - and came here as an adult to buy it . It 's great to hear it 's been restored , but if it was at the price of the integrity of the film , I absolutely refuse to purchase an edited copy . Restoration should mean returning to the original state , not censoring to snare a overprotected , overly sanitized new audience . I will certainly buy a copy when they fix this issue -LRB- and intend to find a way to complain to the company responsible as well -RRB- .
 We were amazed at the poor quality of the DVD . I think the 25th anniversary edition is supposed to have a better quality that does n't look like they taped it off an old VHS .
 Despite the enthusiastic comments of the artists involved -LRB- watch the making of -RRB- and the hardly less enthusiastic reviews on this site this film has a rather banal story line with rather banal dialogue . Moreover the design of the title character -LRB- unicorn and girl -RRB- looks like a combination of a Barbie doll and your customary anime girlie . Apparently the layouts of the US artists had to be oversimplified by Japanese animators . Though I like the witch and the Red Bull . And then there are the awful songs by folk rock group America which are only topped by the ones sung by the characters themselves . The best thing to mention is the background design which occasionally follows medieval art and reminds you of Disney 's Sleeping Beauty . Yes , and I do n't mind the sometimes grainy picture quality .
 I had n't seen this movie since I was four , and I was curious to watch it as a twentysomething . Verdict
 This is my ALL TIME FAVORITE Animated film . I 'm eagerly awaiting the LIVE ACTION film . And I was anticipated this US release to see if it would be as good or better than the UK one . Sadly . . that is not the case . The Quality is horrible not to mention the kiddie targeted artwork from the vsh release is still used . Shameful . I shall be picking up the UK version with all its glorious extras , widescreen format , and beautiful artwork . This US release should make every animation and Last Unicorn love sick .
 I 'm waiting anxiously for the Live action version of this classic . This is my ALL TIME FAVORIE Animated Movie EVER !!! I was so dissapointed at what a horrible release to DVD this was . Not only was the packaging the same crappy kiddie fare artwork as the old VHS . . but the Quality was just horrible . I shall surely be buying the UK release with all its glorious extras and and widescreen format and beautiul artwork . This US release should be an embarasment for all animation and Last Unicorn fans .
 I 'm pretty upset by the DVD . For some 20 years I 've watched the VHS version that my mom taped off the TV , and being a 27 year-old woman I 'm still obsessed with this movie and watch it every time I go home . I could n't believe that I could get this wonderful film on DVD now , considering the fact that only my parents own a VCR these days . But , it was weird to watch -- there are different sounds either I do n't notice on the VHS version , or that are new . And there are parts in it that must have been edited from the version I grew up with ; props to adding them back in , but it ruins the movie for me . It 's just not exactly right . I think I 'll just have to keep watching my parents tape , because after 20 years I do n't think I can handle these mini changes . * sigh *
 Ah , another Rankin-Bass film goes to the butcher shop ! The problems remain the same . What are they doing with the soundtracks to these films ? How can they possibly screw them up in this way ? And how can they do this over and over AND OVER ? To make this mistake once as a quick way to make a quick buck during all the hype over LOTR made sense , but here 's a film that no one is going to buy unless they are already a fan . Why give it the same lousy treatment?In fact , if they were in such a rush , why not just somehow duplicate the german DVD ? It seems like it would actually have been MORE work to do the terrible job they did.And like The Hobbit , what really blows my mind is the lowsy artwork . The hobbit in particular had fantastic cover artwork , etc. thanks to the magnificient talent of Topcraft -LRB- that would go on to become studio ghibli , surprise ! -RRB- , but instead it got a truly bad cover -LRB- do n't worry , they 're busy doing the same sort of facelift to all the children books you grew up loving too ! -RRB- . The last Unicorn suffers the same exact fate . Due to Amazon being a global store , you can just go to the bottom of the page , click on germany and type Last Unicorn right into the search engine . When you see how great that cover looks , you 'll never want to look at this one again.I really do n't understand what gives . During the mid 70 's through the very early 80 's , some strange , and even intelligent animation was coming out -- animation that was more literate and less song and dance . Anyone remember the Mouse and his Child animated film ? I never expected to see any of this stuff come out on DVD because of the very small audience for it , but it seems if you wait long enough , all things will come back into print . Just do n't expect any love to be put into it .
 This was very amateurish . Do n't think it would hold even the attnetion of a child , no matter what age .
 Actually I would like the option to give this tape a 0 star rating . I bought this video for my pre-school aged nephews as a Christmas gift . I thought a Rankin Bass video would be good/safe for children . I finally watched it with them the other day . I was very disappointed and would not recommend this movie for anyone . The characters in the story swear . A haggish woman swears at the unicorn saying `` Damn you , damn you ! '' The knight/hero character says `` Damn . '' A troll type creature says something like `` What the Hell , am I supposed to look at . '' and a magician takes God 's name in vain after being accosted by a tree he brought to life , which is a buxom `` woman tree '' who makes a pass at the magician . Shocking . If my nephews went up to their parents and used these expressions from the movie , they would be reprimanded by their parents who do not talk like that . I now know that I need to preview every video I buy for my nephews before giving them a present . Shame on Rankin Bass
 My two daughters watched this video . My husband and myself took turns watching it with the girls because it was so long . During my time watching it I noticed some adult words that should n't be in there and also female nudity on a bird that was a bit outrageous . Also my husband observed some female anatomy on a tree that was not for children . Parents , please watch this video with your children if you do buy it . As it is such a long movie I imagine many parents just let the kids watch it and go fix dinner or do other things ... not in the same room . I got bored and left after a while . I do n't think this is a cartoon for children . I may be the only one .
 This movie is very long , and very weird and a little too scary for my 6 year old girl who likes unicorns . It 's quite dark and depressing for a kids movie .
 If you monitor what your children watch , do n't buy this as it has several incidences of foul adult language ! It has the word `` damn '' in it twice and other situations that are for adults . I gave it a one star because the graphic animation is nicely done .
 To everyone over the age of ten who likes this movie : The next time you 're talking to someone , observe how they move when you 're talking to them . Are they constantly swaying back and forth , making dramatic swings of the head and body ? If they 're not , then I ca n't see a possible reason for you to be praising the animation of film.I mean , it could be the obnoxious `` humor '' spouted out by our `` comedian '' butterfly in the second scene that makes our heroine dance around like a drunken clown , and sing like she has strep throat , and speak as though the actress is being forced into the job . But I doubt it.It could be the three-breasted harpie , or the cliched `` pretty creature turned into pretty naked girl '' , or the fact that the unicorn makes Mrs. Elton sound modest , but I ca n't stand this movie . Why are you subjecting your children to this movie ? Watch some Disney , or at least some Ghibli .
 The Last Unicorn is a TERRIBLE movie , for one the DVD release was very poor , and some aspects of the film were n't made for children ... or ANYONE , for that matter . There is n't really a point to this film , so DO NOT BUY IT !
 If I could give this a half star I would . I bought this for my children to watch and I felt with a rated G rating that I was safe . How wrong I was . I am ashamed to say that I let my children see this before I did . When the magician is tied to the tree and his magic brings the tree to life all I see is the tree and her huge breasts . And the magician is stuck between her cleavage . The world is getting sick enough that I do n't need to show a cartoon to my children with this garbage in it . I am highly disappointed and so are my children because they can not watch this movie . I think that you need to watch this movie first before showing small children .
 I adore this movie . the animation is wonderful , the story poignant , but the dvd was terrible ! They obviously had n't touched up the old VHS at all . The picture has lots of holes and spots . I like the fullscreen format personally , but I know many people would have liked the option of widescreen . If their are bonus features like the box claims I ca n't find them . Overall , you will probably be better off with the VHS , which had a better picture .
 Although anime is beginning to change people 's minds , far too many Westerners still think of animation as a genre only fit for children . The Last Unicorn ought to be high on the viewing list of anyone who believes animation is just for kids -- yes , it 's a `` cartoon , '' but it 's also beautifully animated , with unique and unforgettable characters , and the storyline is as true to the original source material -LRB- book by Peter S. Beagle -RRB- as any movie adaptation I 've ever seen.In her unchanging , always-spring forest lives a unicorn -LRB- voice of Mia Farrow -RRB- , ageless , wise and innocent , and without regret -- unicorns can feel sorrow , but it 's not the same thing . One day , when men come into her forest to hunt , she discovers that she is the last of the unicorns . With snatches of help and hints from a dizzy butterfly , she sets out to find the others . On her way she picks up an incompetent magician named Schmendrick -LRB- voice of Alan Arkin -RRB- , a withered woman named Molly Grue -LRB- voice of Tammy Grimes -RRB- , and eventually finds the kingdom of King Haggard -LRB- voice of Christopher Lee -RRB- and his son Lir -LRB- voice of Jeff Bridges -RRB- . But in the changing , aging world of humans , can the unicorn even keep track of who she is and how the story should end?The movie version is n't perfect . There are some awkward scenes , including a terrible duet by Mia Farrow and Jeff Bridges which never should have been included , and some scenes contain material such as mild profanity , bare breasts and depictions of death which might not be suitable for children . But there is an earnestness to this film , a magic in the way ideas are expressed , that 's all too rare in modern filmmaking . This quality helps many viewers overlook the film 's flaws.So if The Last Unicorn is that good of a movie , why does it only rate two stars ? Because the U.S. DVD release is terrible . This is a full-frame release , *** not widescreen *** . The DVD has poor cover art and offers zero special features . The actual transfer is grainy and blurry in spots , with no evidence of any kind of restoration work . The soundtrack has a distinctly tinny quality . In fact , the only reason one would purchase this DVD was if one had only a single copy of the film taped off television some 15 years ago and watched over and over until the VHS tape nearly wore out ... rather like me , in fact.Don ' t purchase this DVD . I would n't have done so if I had known what I know now . Instead , look for the 25th Anniversary edition released in 2006 by Lionsgate Entertainment .
 Let me start by saying that The Last Unicorn is my favorite movie of all time . I have loved it since I was very , very young . However , I truly wish I had never bought this DVD.First off , the movie is full screen and not widescreen -- this could easily be forgiven if the DVD did n't have numerous other problems . The picture quality is awful and looks as though they ripped the movie from the old VHS master . There are also some scenes where the contrast seems to be up too high . I know that these are not simply issues with the original movie because I have the German release and its picture is flawless -LRB- not to mention widescreen -RRB- and beautiful . This release also has one of the worst menus I have ever seen . The DVD says it has special features , but I ca n't find them!If you 're a hardcore Last Unicorn fan , do n't buy this DVD . Your old VHS version is just as good .
 `` The Last Unicorn '' has been a favorite film of mine for a good 20 years ; that said , this DVD must be the worst VHS to DVD port that I have ever seen.This DVD IS more parent friendly than the original VHS , as the release company chose to delete a few instances of the word `` damn '' and `` hell . '' I can understand how parents might find this preferrable . But it is blatant alteration of a classic . Had I known this movie was edited in any way shape or form from its original form , even to make it `` less offensive '' , there is no way I would have purchased it.And does it really make it less offensive ? To be honest , I have never found this to be much of a children 's story . The subject matter is very dark and sad . The ending can hardly be considered happy . The whole theme of the story is the sadness of lost innocence . Yes , it is animated , but in my humble opinion , it never made a good children 's movie to begin with . so does it really need to be edited for child friendliness?It 's not just the editing - the DVD is just crappy . I swear that the video and audio quality are even worse than on the VHS . It looks worse , it sounds heinous.Spare yourself the money - stick with your VHS version , until a good quality DVD release.DVD - 1 starMovie - 5 stars
 The reason you should not buy this dvd is not because it is a bad movie . The company releasing it has taken all profits due to the author of the story . The websites www.conlanpress.com \ youcanhelp , and www.unicorntears.com have all the pertinent info , do n't support these thieves . I put my vhs version onto dvd .
 `` The Last Unicorn '' is one of my favorite childhood movies , and the movie itself certainly deserves 5 stars . However , the DVD version is so poor , quality-wise , that I can not recommend it . I read the reviews here at Amazon before purchasing it , but I thought surely it could n't be as bad as everyone was making out . I 'm no DVD expert , so I thought perhaps it was only DVD aficionados who were upset . However , I was mistaken . It really is terrible . All I care about is having a nice , clear picture , and this print is dark , dirty , and flickers strangely throughout the film . It 's a shameful way to treat a wonderful movie . I only hope that it will be re-released properly at some point !
 The last unicorn is a beautiful story with memorable characters and a bittersweet ending . I saw the original on VHS as a child and it became burned into my memory even into adulthood . Last year I met Peter S. Beagle , the author of the book , at a convention and learned an unfortunate truth . Peter S. Beagle does not receive any compensation for the use of his material in the DVD format as sold by most vendors ! As much as I love this story , I want to encourage people not to buy the DVD unless they purchase it through Peter 's representative , conlanpress.com . You can even have him sign and personalize your DVD there ! Believe me , it was a dream come true to receive my personalized copy for my birthday and it felt good to know he was getting the compensation he deserved .
 Wow , I really wish I had seen these reviews before I purchased this dvd ! I just watched it and , like everyone else am appalled at the poor quality and editing of such a wonderful movie . This dvd edition is complete butchery of a much - loved classic!On top of the full screen only option , the whole first half of the movie is covered in film scratch lines and at one horrific point it actually looks like someone spilled coffee on the original vhs and just kept going . In fact I 'm pretty sure my 1986 vhs copy , which I was going to replace , is actually better quality than this dvd and I watched it almost daily for at least three solid years . Having said that , I also have a bone to pick with the fact the two curse words in the script have been edited out in this rendition . For some reason that probably bothered me more than the rest of it put together.Overall , if you loved this movie as a kid and sang all the bad Mia Farrow songs out of tune with her and knew all the dialog by heart DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !!! It will just be really disappointing and make you wish you still had a vcr ...
 Just adding my two cents to the mounting disgruntlement over this release . The picture quality is terrible , the music is so loud that you often ca n't hear what characters are saying , it 's fullscreen , and it looks to be a bad transfer from video . All in all , this DVD is the pits . The folks who released it should be ashamed .
 Do n't you just hate it when one of your favorite movies got edited and sanitized ??? It 's just like buying a book with pages torn off . Why do production studios releasing DVDs continue to think it 's okay to make changes to a movie and think the fans out there wo n't mind ??? especially when what is edited is crucial to the plot of the story ??? Is n't it true that when you do something wrong you should be the one punished ??? So if the studio releases a bad edition of the film , should n't they be the one who gets burned ??? Could it be that they are not getting the message from the millions of fans around the world ??? Please boycott this 25th Anniversary edition of the DVD no matter what price it goes on sale for . For those who have bought the edition , please find some way to return it or demand a refund from Lions Gate . I am very sure that unless you hit them where it hurts they are not going to hear.You are paying good , hard earned money to relive memories when you first watched this film when it was first released . But you are going to be rob of those memories when you watch this edition . And Lions Gate is the one doing the robbing -- your memories as well as your money . I am very sure that when the 30th Anniversary comes around , there will be a new release with everything put back in and they will make another killing.So please , please DO NOT buy this 25th Anniversary edition .
 First of all let me say that THE LAST UNICORN IS A 5 STAR MOVIE ! The 1 star rating I have selected is for this particular DVD release by Lions Gate.The last Unicorn is a precious childhood memory filled with action , adventure , romance , and music . Those who have never seen it should not mistake this movie as a bright and happy kiddie fairytale . The story is quite dark and full of moments that might scare children who have been sheltered by todays `` sanitized '' as another viewer called it , movies.This story is raw and pure and a delight for anyone who enjoys animation at its best as well as those who appreciate things for what they are . This is a splendid fantasy story with a classic 1980s animation feel that is unmistakable.The 25th Anniversary edition should have been a wonderful blessing but as soon as I noticed the first sign of sensorship editing I was very angry . Words such as `` Hell '' and `` Damn '' have been removed where as the phrase `` I wish to God '' has been left in tact . Such editing makes no sense and if this is to celebrate the anniversary then it should be left as it was with only an upgrade in picture and sound quality . Lion 's Gate has done an extreme injustice to both this movie and its many fans and should be ashamed of themselves.As far as the picture quality goes , it is very much improved over all the previous editions . Much better than the grainy picture of the old DVD that was n't even presented in widescreen . The 5.1 stereo sound was also very nice but it did n't seem to matter when compared to the fact that they edited it.Dispite the imporvements I agree that fans should avoid buying the 25th Anniversary edition and demand that Lions Gate go back and do it right this time ! NO EDITING ! And from what I can tell , although the picture was much better they could have done an even better job with the clean up , there were still imperfections in the film quality due to age which I know can be fixed , it just takes more time and money.When will companies stop changing the past and just present it as it was !
 The Last Unicorn is one of the all time great animated classics . The reason my review for it is so poor then is because of how the production company has chosen to release it . The Last Unicorn was released into theaters in 1980 and thus anyone who saw it originally is far older than this dvd is targeted at . Using cheap re-release artwork that PALES in comparison to the amazing animation of the movie and placing it in a purple box really bumps down the quality of this release . Every other country uses beautiful original poster artwork , what happened in the US ! As well this release is in standard which means the sides of the animation have been cut off because this film was originally in wide screen . I got the imported German version that is in wide screen and has special features and I tell you it is incredible . Did you know that there is a shot of Mommy Fortune dead after she is attacked by the Harpies ? This shot is edited out in the standard transfer . I will buy this dvd but I wish the production company would have taken this release more seriously .
 This film is single-handedly responsible for turning me into an avid reader . I saw the movie when I was 7 years old and loved it . My father then found a copy of the book , brought it home for me , and helped me as I struggled through it relentlessly . I was determined to read the whole thing and understand every word , even though I did n't know a lot of them yet.No , the animation is n't great by today 's standards . No , the DVD transfer is n't great either . But the voice acting is superb , and most of all , the story is fantastic . There has never been a time when the movie or book has failed to move me to tears.This is why it pains me * so much * to have to give this a 1-star rating.The author of the book on which this film was based , Peter S. Beagle , also wrote the screenplay for this film . Granada Media owns the rights to the film , and has sold over 500,000 copies in the last two years alone . However , Granada Media has not paid Beagle the -LRB- large amount of -RRB- money that he is rightfully owed , leaving him financially unstable.As a long-term fan of the book and the film , I urge you to go to the Conlan Press -LRB- Beagle 's business manager -RRB- website and read about the situation . What is happening here is wrong .
 The Last Unicorn is , regretfully , profoundly disturbing for the balance of its length . The plot is horrifying for a young person -- it is , in reality , a bizzare , confusing , animated nightmare . And , watching the animation is a headache-inducing experience . A child under 10 expecting a Disney-esque fairy tale about unicorns will be in for an extremely rude awakening . The `` insights '' in the film regarding the human condition , such as they are , will be utterly lost on a young person .
 I should give up watching movies -LRB- or cartoons -RRB- based on books I have read.The fact that Rankin & Bass did the animation for this movie should have clued me in to its total lack of artistry , -LRB- I had already seen their version of `` The Hobbit '' , after all -RRB- . The book , written by Peter S Beagle , was an astonishingly fresh and insightful vision of a world in which a unicorn finds that she is not only the last of her kind , but that most people no longer believe unicorns ever existed in the first place . The cartoon was little more than a watered down version of the original story , lacking the enchanting prose and fairytale flavor of the original.Nowhere in the promos do they mention adult language or content , however , there is too much of that in the cartoon , which could make some parents a bit nervous . I truly would not enjoy having to have to explain to my five year old why Molly McGrue was so upset that the unicorn had not arrived sooner ! The image of the Red Bull is frightening enough , not to mention Mommy Fortuna or the nightmarish Harpy . I would never recommend this for children under the age of twelve , and I would not recommend it for adults either , since most of the story 's original message is lost in the hackneyed cartooning on this video .
 I picked up this video at my local library for my school-aged children . It was in the juvenile section and had a G rating so I thought it was safe . Thank goodness I stayed in the room to watch it with them . While there is a meaningful story and superb fantasy element , this movie is not for younger children . It scared the pants off me , a thirtysomething viewer who made it through The Ring and The Exorcist . The animation is frightening ; the language is inappropriate ; the themes are too adult . Please be warned . If you 're interested in showing this video to your children , watch it on you own first . Better yet , get the book .
 I was shocked thatthis had a G rating with the language used . Not for small kids who are impressionable and repeat what they hear . Other than that a good fanatsy story .
 My family found this movie to be long and tedious . Even my three year old daughter does not want to see it again . Overall , the dialog is monotone and the songs are more of the plot than the characters . Unfortunately these songs are all done in the same whiny tone .
 -LRB- to the tune of `` The Monster Mash '' -RRB- `` I was walking through the castle late one night , When my eyes beheld an unusual sight.For on the throne sat an old man with a scimitar at his side , And suddenly , in order to show his pride.He did the mash.He did the Haggard mash.The Haggard Mash.It was an old man smash.He did the mash.He was n't asking for cash.He did the mash.He did the Haggard mash . `` For me , the old evil king is the only `` beautiful '' thing I found in this story . Everything else seems either too feminine or just plain weird . I guess this must be a stpry for people who think good of life . Everything 's simply too dreamy in here.King Haggard is da ' bomb -LRB- and Christopher Lee does his voice -RRB- . I always like grumpy old people because they add an unhappy image to the scene . Also , they 're forgotten a lot of the time . Next thing I want to see is a crossover with King Haggard and Gandalf the Grey . Now that would be an OLD MAN SMASH !! I was going to give this 2 stars , but I took off one star because Haggard should have gotten far more recognition in the story . He should have gotten his own TV series ! It 's INCONCEIVABLE !!!!!
 The last unicorn stinks . You really should n't see it . Some people like it , but i think it 's a bad movie and does n't have really good characters . People who like it , like it . We all have different opinions .
 The Last Unicorn is one of my favorite animated films of all time and I have waited years for this movie to be released on DVD . The soundtrack is wonderful too , and I listen to it often . You can imagine how excited I was when I got the Amazon notification that it would finally be available , so the movie itself gets 5 stars but this edition gets 1 star and deserves nothing more . This has to be the absolute worse picture quality I have ever seen on a DVD ... heck the VHS copy has to be better than this . The sound quality is terrible too , sounding almost like a record , and there are absolutely no extras . Not to mention that the movie was only released in full screen , but I could have dealt with that had the rest of the DVD been done right . Artisan/FHE did such a shoddy job with this DVD that I will be very careful when picking up anything else from them in the future . I tried to return my copy , but of course since the seal was broken , they could do nothing about it so I resold it online and have ordered a no region copy of the German release , which looks and sounds great ! I recommend anyone wanting this movie to consider that for themselves . Maybe Artisan/FHE will take the hint and actually give us some credit by releasing a version of The Last Unicorn worth paying for .
 I have no idea what they did to the soundtrack of this release - it is horrible ! There is inappropriate background music that almost drowns out the dialog in some scenes . Most of the actual songs seem normal , but the mixing levels between the voices , sound effects , and `` ambiance '' music is way , way off.The color transfer also seems very shoddy in places - too dark in several scenes , such as at the outlaws ' camp.Altogether , it is horribly disappointing to see such a wonderful movie treated in this way .
 Why did they have to ruin such a great movie with such a TERRIBLE DVD treatment ??? I waited so long for this movie to be released . I grew up with it ; to me it is way better than many of the Disney movies around -LRB- specially the most recent ones -RRB- . Like many other reviewers wrote on here , the picture quality is TERRIBLE , contrasts are over done , the image does n't even look sharp and for some reason it keeps jumping on my tv screen!I have also the VHS version of this film , and sadly enough I find NO DIFFERENCE with the dvd version . I hope someday a kind studio will rerelease this fantasy gem improved as it deserves , just like Disney did with the new version of Alice in Wonderland . But let 's face it , this might take years , it it ever happens .
 The Last Unicorn was my favorite movie when I was a kid . The story is sweet , the animation lovely . I eagerly bought a copy on VHS when I saw it some years ago and awaited the release of the DVD with glee.Unfortunately , my glee was somewhat unfounded . While the movie itself is still as wonderful as ever , the DVD itself is shoddy work . The movie is only presented in fullscreen -LRB- though there was a widescreen laser disc available -RRB- , there are no extras -- even the picture quality is less than outstanding.If you 're looking to replace a worn VHS , this is certainly a good option . If , on the other hand , you are waiting for a DVD treatment worthy of this beautiful movie , you have more waiting ahead of you .
 I remember seeing the Last Unicorn when it was first released in the 80 's and loved it ever since . The story should keep adults interested throughout , with a wonderful story about dreams , love and sacrifice . The voice acting is first rate as well as the soundtrack . Yet , the transfer onto DVD is the worst I 've even seen , the opening titles are blurry , the picture fuzzy . One review questioned that it may have came from the master VHS . I would not even go that far , it 's a very poor copy , as for the sound , if you have 5.1 surround , you 'll hear music and the voices coming from all directions . I view my movies on a HDTV , and that 's even no help . As for extras , there are none , not even a trailer . So should you get it ? Its nice to have it added to my collection , but expect a poor VHS viewing vice the clear DVD .
 Let 's put it this way , I absolutely loved this movie before I read the book , and I discovered that something very important that was in the book was missing in the movie . In itself , The Last Unicorn was a fantastic movie but it -LRB- like all movies -RRB- was not precise nor was it true to the book . However , with this particular story , a very important part -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- was left out in the movie . That part was the curse that the witch had put on King Haggard 's land . The curse was a big part of the story , for it said that the sea would rise up and crumble his castle . The sea was , of course , all the unicorns that raced out of the ocean after the Red Bull retreated into it . To some people this may seem of little concern but to me it answered a lot of questions that I would have had if I had n't read the book . Do n't get me wrong , I loved the movie and I still do , it 's just the fact that a large part of the book was taken out and should not have been . I 'm really looking forward to the reproduction of this tale , and I hope they will include the witch 's curse in that one .
 Artisan Entertainment has put out some beautiful DVDs in the past . The new T2 Extreme and Stargate Director 's Cut are just a couple . This pan and scan release of The Last Unicorn is a true travesty . I have never seen a worse picture in my life on a DVD . Yes , it 's that bad . Shame on you Artisan , F.H.E. , Carlton , and whoever else had anything to do with this DVD . This is a classic , beloved movie and it deserves so much better than this .
 While in Germany recently , I purchased the DVD release of this movie and was overwhelmed by the picture quality -LRB- widescreen -RRB- and sound -LRB- English track -RRB- . The artwork was also very well done . I was also able to play the DVD on my home computer using a region free player.But after purchasing this DVD here in the states yesterday , I could n't believe how Carlton/Artisan was allowed to release this incredible movie by simply copying an old VHS version onto DVD . The sound is horrible and so is the picture . Plus no mention of Christopher Lee on the cover ? Christopher Lee not only has a major role in the film , but his name alone will sell more copies . Starring in the last two Star Wars flicks and the first two Lord of the Rings trilogy , his name will be instantly recognized by anyone interested in the genre . This release was a huge mistake on part of Artisan . The film deserves a better treatment that it was given . The artwork looks like it was drawn by a ten year old . Anyone who is a real fan of the film should purchase the German release -LRB- available from Amazon -RRB- and buy a region free player and watch the film on their computer .
 A delicate white unicorn -LRB- voiced by Mia Farrow -RRB- who believes herself to be the last of her kind sets out on a search for other mythological creatures . Along the trek she meets a bumbling wizard named Schmendrick -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- who accidentally transforms her from equine to human . She finds herself on the , er , horn of a dilemma . Somewhere between Mommy Fortuna 's -LRB- Angela Lansbury -RRB- traveling curiosity show and the castle of the evil King Haggard -LRB- Christopher Lee -RRB- , the unicorn meets Prince Lir -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- and has to decide whether or not to tell him the truth about herself . Based on the novel by Peter S. Beagle , music by soft-pop group `` America '' . A great sotry that does n't quite work in this awkard animation style -- I 'm curious to see how the live action version -LRB- currently in production -RRB- will fare.Staci Layne Wilson
 This is a very good film that has yet had a decent video release here in the US . This DVD release is a disaster.This particular print has several major defects . First this movie suffers more than most when cutting it from widescreen to full screen . But the pan-and-scan job -LRB- the technique used to make a widescreen film fit on a regular television -RRB- was also totally botched leaving many scenes showing only half a face or character.There is also many color problems . The print is biased to red . Dark scenes , of which there are many , show a red tint . Related to this is that the greens are subdued . Many objects that should be green show as blue.The print is also grainy showing more video noise than normal.The soundtrack is extremely harsh sounding making it dificult to listen to.I 'd recommend you seek out the widescreen version which has none of these problems .
 I am not a fan of `` bad '' language , but why was this movied edited ? So it could get a G rating ? Well , guess what Lionsgate ? ... The word D -- can still be heard in two places even though the more explicit enunciations have been removed - which makes the censorship seem even more ridiculous . Why do people keep trying to make this a kids movie ? I assume because its a cartoon about a unicorn , it has to be acceptable for little kids . This movie never was a young child 's movie ! I admit that this DVD release was better than the previous one , but we still need an unedited version ! I think there should be a DVD edition similar to the treatment that Labyrinth and Dark Crystal got - in the nice non-plastic case , with art printed on DVD case sized cards -LRB- perhaps the unicorn art from Haggard 's Castle , or the Unicorn tapestry art from the opening of the movie ? -RRB- . The above mentioned got all of these things , and they were not edited for being a bit dark - that 's what these movies are ! Just because there are unicorns or goblin muppets does not mean that the movie should be intended for kids and therefore censored to make it `` appropriate . '' Please , a new edition is needed here , but for heavensake , give it to a production company that understands that this is a fantasy film , and not a Disney cartoon .
 Rankin-Bass ' The Last Unicorn has held up surprisingly well as a film , but the DVD treatment it 's received is just insulting . With jittery grain , scratches , and dirt marring every scene , a dark and muddy look , out-of-focus transfer , scratchy audio , and insulting pan-and-scan -LRB- yes , there are scenes where two people are speaking and NOBODY 's in the frame ! -RRB- , it 's barely watchable . Add to that the complete lack of extras and you 're better off buying this one on VHS .
 I remember seeing this movie at the Drive-In when I was a child . I used to have it on VHS until it was destroyed . I could n't wait till it came out on DVD . However , once I got my copy I became rather disappointed with the quality . The colors look faded , It 's Full-Screen only , It even seems to be slightly crooked and there are distortions at the very top of the screen ... . What a horrible way to release such a classic .
 I really felt like this movie wasted my time without giving anything worthwhile in return . Because it 's by Arthur Rankin of Rankin-Bass , I hoped for a truly classic story , like Rudolph or Year Without a Santa Claus , and all of the endearingly unforgettable elements that go with it -LRB- like Heat Miser and Snow Miser , or the Island of Misfit Toys -RRB- . Instead , this is a drawn-out , poorly-architected story that poses as a fairy tale , and instead is like someone 's stoned or drunken epic hallucination . It 's not appropriate for young children , with a scary roaring ghostly bull and a couple of other random ugly monsters , but it 's not a strong enough story to win the interest of an adult.The Last Unicorn searching for the other unicorns -LRB- since they 're immortal - what happened to them ? -RRB- is a premise with so much possibility . But this movie just blew it with a combination of burlesque -LRB- a hippie butterfly who sounds like Cheech singing clues to the unicorn , `` Schmedrick the Magician '' who ca n't ever make his spells come out right , etc. -RRB- and plain crummy plot development . The unicorn accidentally gets turned into a naked blonde woman with a striking cartoon-y resemblance to Stevie Nicks , and after falling in love with the prince in the castle where she , Schmedrick and Maggie -LRB- a good-hearted outlaw picked up from an incompetent outlaw band in the forest -RRB- are hoping to find the other unicorns , she wants to forget she was a unicorn at all.But the story keeps right on wasting time with a skeleton that ca n't stop laughing when it 's asked for magical answers , the dreamy cynicism of the castle 's gruesome `` king '' , and the ramblings of a pirate-y cat.It just goes on and on , but not in any meaningful way . The unicorn lost my interest and sympathy when she never seemed to care about the people who were trying to help her , the magician also kept on refusing to try at crucial moments , and the ending - where she is turned back into a unicorn and has freed the lost others - is not satisfying . You never see her meet the other unicorns or return to her forest to resume protecting the ordinary animals abandoned there , nor does she say thank you or goodbye to the prince . The cheesy soundtrack annoyed me beyond belief.I know how cynical this sounds after the many 5-star glowing reviews , but I 'm sticking by it . It 's not a classic story , not even a good story , and not a good movie .
 Well , unlike the people that read the reviews about `` horrible quality '' and bought it anyways , I 'm here because of the horrible quality lol . I got this DVD in through netflix and it did indeed look awful . However , the DVD was quite scratched so I thought maybe ... just maybe ... because it was such consistent scratching over the whole DVD , it was just that and I 'd get a newer copy . So , here I am after a google search for `` last unicorn '' AND `` poor quality '' AND DVD . So , apparantly it just does suck that bad lol . Oh well.Anyways , believe it . I thought I was watching a worn out VHS copy of the film . Poor indeed . A crying shame : -LRB-
 I have been waiting for a region 1 dvd for a long time and I couldnt wait to watch this wonderful film on my widescreen HDTV , only to find out this has been released fullscreen , so I decided to rent this movie instead of buying . Not only is this movie fullscreen but it looks like a bad VHS transfer . unexcusable ! This dvd should have never been released like this . ...
 This DVD has the worst picture quality of any DVD I have ever seen . It looks like VHS , in fact it appears to be a transfer directly from VHS . The sound is decent but it 's hard for me to get past the terrible picture quality but my daughter seemed to like it anyway .
 I can see I am not alone in my dislike of this DVD . As mentioned , this edition only comes in fullscreen , which I find annoying . The worst part has to due with the almost complete lack of cleaning the film ; it looks like it was copied from the VHS.The sound was also sub-par , and obviously not mixed well . Considering I only paid nine bucks for it , I consider it a worthwhile purchase ... My VHS is so worn that about half the movie is unwatchable . There are a couple of problems with the audio warping that was also not fixed in this edition.If you 're like me -LRB- in the sense that you have a VHS in poor condition -RRB- and simply want a watchable version of this movie , then this cut should n't give you any problems . If you 're a die-hard fan and want a bit more , go for the special edition . I hear good things , but have not seen it myself as of yet .
 My three year old adores this movie . It does have a good plot and interesting characters , and there are some pretty funny scenes , so I can understand her feelings on that level . However ... the soundtrack is DEPLORABLE . The music is mostly done by America , in their typical depressing , 70 's - awful style . The lowlights are numbers sung by Jeff Bridges -LRB- who voices Lear -RRB- and Mia Farrow -LRB- who voices the unicorn -RRB- . These two just ca n't sing . It 's wonder they did n't die of shame when this movie was released . Worst of all , the songs have a tendancy to stick in your head until you wish you were dead - they 're really that bad . In fact , my audiophile college-age nephew who lives with us refuses to stay in the house while my daughter is watching this movie . His ears just ca n't take it , I suppose . If you want to introduce your kids to this story , spare your ears and get Peter Beagle 's classic book instead .
 Do n't buy this DVD ! This DVD is playing in my living room right now , and I took the opportunity to get away and write this review . We popped this into the player and settled in for our Friday family movie & pizza night on the couch . I 've never seen this movie , and I do n't think I ever want to watch it all the way through . The picture and sound quality are both so lousy that I ca n't stand to watch for more than 5 minutes . I bought this as a surprise for my wife , who loved this as a kid . And as much as she loves it , she 's even noticed how warbly the sound is and is n't enjoying it very much . Also , being full screen , not wide screen , much of the picture is cut out . There 's some scene where two characters are talking to each other from opposite sides of the TV screen , and you can hardly see them ... you mostly just see a castle wall.Enough of the technical shortcomings of the DVD . Now for the subjective , opinionated stuff : I 'm not a fan of the fantasy genre , and I 'm * really * not a fan of the animation style ... it grosses/creeps me out , even as an adult . Same guy that did the Hobbit cartoon way back , I think . Give me Looney Tunes , thank you very much . And for getting a G rating , there are some things in there that I hope my kids repress . A tree thing with boobs ? Some cussing ? Plenty of creepy & frightening images.Soundtrack
 Words ca n't even begin to explain how outraged I am with this VHS to DVD transfer.I use to watch the VHS version all the time as I kid and I loved it . Recently the DVD was purchased for me and I hated it ... . And I 'm curious to see if anyone else realized the change in ALL the characters voices ?? I noticed it right away and it was absolutely disappointing . Even the music sounds off . I would rather buy the VHS version over again then waste my money on this DVD version ... Please do n't waste your money !!
 This is a horrible release of this classic !! Everything is horrible from the picture quality to the cover art .
 The original run time for this movie is 92 minutes , but this 25th anniversary version is 89 minutes , yet no scenes are cut . How can this be ? Simply , the movie has been `` sped up '' by 4 % , which is what happens when movies are put on video in Europe due the difference in frame rate . It looks like what the geniuses who released this DVD did was , take the 4 % faster overseas version -LRB- meaning the audio pitch is higher -RRB- , and simply use that without first trying to `` reconvert '' it back to our system to get the correct time/speed . But wait , this is equally lame , we should n't need to convert from a previously converted format , as the U.S. format `` is '' the original format.Bottom line , this release is not any kind of remaster , it was simply stolen from a European release that was n't even that good . The best quality DVD version ever released for this movie -LRB- to date of this review -RRB- was the German release , the quality will blow you away . The only drawbacks for viewing in the U.S. is , you would need a multi-format DVD player for playback -LRB- though your PC drive will work -RRB- , and , you would have the 4 % speed hike . Most people wo n't notice the speed increase , but in music it is more noticeable.Get the German DVD if you can , it has both 2.0 and 5.1 audio , and pristine video quality in true widescreen . And it has the originally UNEDITED audio . Wonder if Lion 's Gate will actually do it right for the Blu-Ray release .
 I remember loving this movie . Now I reget buying it due to the extremely poor quality of the DVD . Aside from the grainy picture quality and poor sound and music , I am very angry that there was no mention that this was the FULL SCREEN version on Amazon . I will keep this in mind the next time I consider purchasing something through them .
 this is a really annoying movie . my kids will be watching it in the next room and my husband and i will be in agony , having to hear the corny songs and contrived dialogue coming in through the open door . now , if my kids were rating this they would probably give it 5 stars , they love it . go figure .
 If you have pleasant memories of seeing this movie as a child , leave it that way . You will be sorely disappointed if you rent -LRB- let alone buy -RRB- this movie . Visually it is very beautiful and it looks like the same animators who did The Hobit . The story is okay and the acting is bearable , but the music is awful !!! This overextended depressing 80s music really ruins it . The best way to enjoy this film is on a poster .
 Just so you know , if you buy a german DVD of Last Unicorn and play it on an all region player and select the english track , you get bascially an error-free high quality video image with 5 channel sound . This is the next best thing to a new release .
 I would not recommend this video for use in an elementary school classroom . Teachers should preview . Show , only , with parental notification . I found the use of the repeated profanity offensive and totally inappropriate for the young children I teach -LRB- age 4 , 5 & 6 -RRB- . I know many individuals assume a NR on a children 's animated story , is equivalent to a G. Unfortunately , this is very misleading !
 -LRB- ... -RRB- , you 've heard from other reviewers , this is a sucky full frame edition that looks like was made from old VHS master . So save your money and watch your old tape . Or , you can purchase a region 2 edition of this movie from Amazon UK , which is in widescreen presentation . I bought mine a year ago and have enjoyed it numerous times . But you 'll need an all-region DVD player for that . Look online for them . They do n't cost much more than a regular R1 player .
 The Last Unicorn may be my favorite movie to date and I was so excited to hear that it was finally announced in the US . Finally I would own The Last Unicorn a classic piece of animation in digital quality ! However Little did I know that the production company would put all of 2 dollars into the dvd release of this major film . First off it is only in Standard that is right the film has been cut from it 's original widescreen -LRB- which is how the laserdisc was presented -RRB- to a formatted to fit your tv mode . You can notice this most when mommy fortuna 's wagon passes by and half of the words are cut off from the picture . Secondly the digital transfer is AWFUL ! if I did n't know better they copied the VHS master onto DVD . the Colors are all blah and the animation is lost . This mystifies me because I also own the German widescreen version -LRB- which is incredible !! -RRB- and their transfer is flawless and crisp ! third , did someone forget the special features on this disc ?! Play Movie or scene selection . that is it ! . Lastly this movie has The worst Box art EVER ! and it does n't stop there the art is also on the disc and the interactive menus -LRB- which play some god awful made for dvd elevator music ! -RRB- This release of an amazing movie is a crime ! Artisan -LRB- the company -RRB- should really rethink this and release a new transfer special edition . but that will never happen .
 I 've absolutely loved this movie since I was a kid . Watched it so often that I wore out our first VHS copy and we had to buy a second one decades ago.I finally bought the DVD version , excited to at last see it in widescreen , but was shocked when I put it in the DVD player ! They went through and censored out all the `` curse words . '' It 's not as if this was particularly filthy language , just a few stray instances of `` damn '' and `` hell . '' These words are heard everyday , even on daytime television -- not exactly something you are going to be able to shield anyone from anyway.Knowing the film nearly word for word after all these years , I was horrified that they would put out such a sanitized version . Sickened , really.I 'm holding out in the hopes that they will re-release it with the proper , unedited version . Until then , do n't waste your money on this version .
 This is possibly the worst DVD transfer of a movie I 've seen since the orignal release of `` Hunt for Red October '' . It 's dark , solid colors exhibit shimmer , there 's motion blur everywhere and it 's * fuzzy * . The VHS version has higher picture quality ! The sound is muddy and seems to be mono , though it claims to be 2.0 stereo.I loved this movie as a kid , and I 'd recommend this DVD if it did n't look awful . If you can find it , get the German import version - it 's region 2 , meaning you 'll have to have a region-free player , and all the menus are in German . However , it 's been fully remastered - sound is 5.1 surround , video is clear and bright . And it 's widescreen as well .
 I can not believe this movie was released in such poor condition . it 's fully screen only . The audio sounds like a cassette tape . The picture is dark and blurry . There is distortion along the top of the picture . There are no special features whatsoever . Such a tragedy that this great movie was treated like this .
 Buy it from Conlan Press online for the same price . Or if you want to pay extra you can get a signed copy . Why ? Because otherwise the writer of the film will get no proceeds , because the company that orignally made this film -LRB- Granada -RRB- has been refusing to pay him any royalties for the past 20 + years since the movie came out , and generally treating him horribly . Lionsgate , however , worked out a deal to let him sell some copies through Conlan Press online , so if you buy from there , he 'll get a cut .
 First things first
 Peter S Beagle created a wonderful story about a unicorn seeking out what has become of the rest of her kind , finding strange , nearly forgotten characters along her way . Mr Beagle wrote a screen play that was transformed into a charming animation that has captivated people of all ages for many years . I give the book 5 stars and the movie 3 -LRB- due to some rather cheesey music ... perhaps Mr Beagle should sing himself next time -RRB- . !!!!!!! PLEASE READ !!!!!!!! I met Peter S Beagle this past weekend , along with his new business manager , Conlan , at Dragon Con in Atlanta . Mr Beagle is a sweet , wonderful old gentlemen with a soft voice and a tender heart . He loves to tell his tales and always has something witty or wonderful to talk about . Unfortunately , we discovered that , due to his rather friendly nature , Mr Beagle has been sorely taken advantage of by contracts and companies . He is owed several hundreds of thousands of dollars for his creation.The sales of the movie by Granada Media -LRB- out of London -RRB- has refused to give Peter Beagle any of the money they owe him by contract , nor has he received funds earned from the animated Lord of the Rings that recently has been more successful -LRB- he aided in that film as well -RRB- . Anyways , for more information and ways you can help :[ ... -RSB-
 Unlike many reviewers , I do n't have a problem with the quality of the DVD . We thought it was a beautiful animation and the storyline is very captivating . However , I only gave it 2 stars because I feel that the G rating could be very misleading to families with young children . I thought `` G '' meant for all audiences , but I would say this is more of a `` PG '' : `` damn '' and `` hell '' are used several times in The Last Unicorn . There is a scene where the unicorn is transformed into a girl . She is unclothed at first , but her very long hair manages to cover most of her quite well ala Lady Godiva , so this did n't bother me too much . However , there is another scene where a tree transforms into a woman with a nearly bare and overflowing bosom that she presses the magician 's face between quite inappropriately . Please know that I am not a prude by any means , but I was shocked to find these things in a `` G '' rated film . I do try to avoid these types of things with my younger children -LRB- 6 and 3 year olds -RRB- . A `` PG '' rating would have definitely given me a heads up . I hope this information will help the next person with young children make a more informed choice when purchasing . Also , there are some very scary scenes with the Red Bull , but nothing we have n't seen before in Disney films such as Sleeping Beauty . However , I thought I 'd mention it , just in case you have a child sensitive to these types of things . All in all , it is a good DVD . My problem with it lies in the `` G '' rating that it carries .
 The storyline is well constructed , but the audio acting is terrible -- makes an adult cringe . For the musically challenged , the singing can be tolerable otherwise prepare for projectile vomiting . My younger children love the movie , but the older ones `` loathe '' -LRB- my 10-year-old daughter 's word -RRB- it . I really wish they would redo this story with actors that have talent .
 This incredible movie deserves so much better . I do n't think the people that are releasing the movie understand the devotion of the fans . I 've bought the pirated version and it 's better than this crap . Artisan . Please step up and give this movie the treatment it needs . Americans have only been waiting years for the release . The audio is unbearably bad as well . It must be a VHS copy .
 does anyone know which vender offers the `` best '' copy of this Lizabeth Scott Fem-Fattell movie ? It 's a great movie as I 'm a noir buff who has stuff on Beta , VHS , and DVD ... parts are -LRB- scenes -RRB- are missing so is dialogue ... The video quality is abysmal ... . HELPPP please !!!!!
 Good movie . Too bad the copy is poor
 When Jane -LRB- Elizabeth Scott -RRB- commandeers her husband 's car to avoid a pursuer in `` Too Late For Tears '' a.k.a `` Killer Bait '' the unbelievable begins . As she is recklessly driving against an all to visible fake backdrop , she is stubbornly smirking as if to tell the auidence
 I am not going to write about the movie itself . It 's a film noir classic . What I would like to comment on is this absolutely shameful DVD release by Image . They have used one of the worst public domain copies , without a hint of restoration and charge over $ 20 for this . It 's a robbery ! The only redeaming quality of this release are great but short documentaries by Eddie Muleer . The best print of Too Late for Tears -LRB- aka . Killer Bait -RRB- that I have seen so far is included in the terrific 5 Film Noir Killer Classics 6-DVD set -LRB- where one entire DVD is entirely devoted to great special features -RRB- and it costs less than this turkey .
 For the price , Image should have put out a better quality print than what was used in this disc . You can see this same print on a dvd called `` Film Noir Triple Feature Vol . 1 '' . This film has an alternate title of `` KILLER BAIT '' which is available as a better quality print in a 6 disc set called `` 5 Film Noir Killer Classics '' . I 'm so glad that i was able to rent this disc through the mail FIRST . The movie is good as far as content goes . I think i 'll pass on this transfer of it , though .
 Too Late For Tears is a decent film and for fans of Film Noir , it is a real kick . Lizabeth Scott leaves a trail of dead bodies , lies and deceit that is classic noir . She could have used better direction , but the film still holds up.That said , this new release from the Image `` Dark City '' collection is so technically awfull , it is an example of outright fraud . At this price , to release such a poor transfer with sound like this constitues `` Grand Theft Video '' . No effort has been made to clean-up any part of the film . You might expect this from a $ 2.00 Garage Sale purchase , but not from a new release . It looks like a simple copy of the horrid Alpha release.If you like Film Noir , please join me in wrting Image Entertainment to let them know how offended you are by this flim-flam tactic . Enough Said .
 Buyer beware . Image Entertainment/Dark City has used the exact same print of this film as was used for the budget-line DVD from Alpha Video/Gotham Distribution . The picture quality is so bad , it 's virtually unwatchable . Right from the start , the picture is jittery , as if it 's running in a broken projector . Everything is out of focus -- this must be a fifth or sixth generation print , not even close to broadcast quality . The picture is littered with grain , specks , scratches , you name it . Several nighttime scenes are absolutely pitch-black -- you ca n't see anything at all on the screen . And there are so many missing frames that the movie keeps lurching forward like a bad japanese animation film.This is the first release in Image Entertainment 's `` Dark City '' series . I hope it 's also the last . Image Entertainment has done a huge disservice to film noir fans . Instead of hunting down a better source print -LRB- or at least a second print to provide the missing frames -RRB- and doing even a halfway decent restoration job , Image presents a DVD that is no better than the budget-priced Alpha release , even though the Image release costs much more . Fans of old movies who are accustomed to the superior restoration work that 's been done on DVD 's from companies like Warner and Columbia , will be sorely disappointed by the inferior quality of this release . `` Too Late For Tears , '' while not a classic , is a better than average example of 40 's film noir . It deserves better treatment than this -- and DVD buyers deserve more respect . I for one will never buy another DVD from Image Entertainment .
 This is the worst quality DVD we have ever received and have already sent it back for a refund . It was obviously taped from TV with annoying cuts and missing footage . The overall quality was abysmal . We rent and buy lots of older films and this is the worst one we have EVER gotten . Whoever packaged this should be ashamed . In addition , the title was misspelled on the package -LRB- to instead of too -RRB- . That should have been a tip off to the quality of the DVD .
 It looked like several generations from a scratched old film master . The worst copy of an older movie I have EVER seen -- and I 'm pretty tolerant because I love old films that were produced much earlier than this -LRB- and were much better copies -RRB- .
 This is an excellent film noir , with the classic cold-as-ice femme fatale played by the fantastic Lizabeth Scott . Too bad the transfer is horrid - key dialogue fades in and out , skips like a bad record , and over-contrasted picture settings that leave little , if anything , to be seen in the important opening sequences . One plus about this release is the knowledgable special features on Dangerous Dan and Lizabeth ... these are great ! Too bad such a fine film has such a muddy -LRB- as-in-I-filmed-it-from-a-drive-in-in-the-backseat-on-my-mobile-phone -RRB- quality to it . A real disappointment .
 From these reviews it is apparent that Alpha does not care aboutputting out quality DVDs.The worst I have ever seen was `` The Hitch Hiker '' and this one is not any better.What a waste of a great movie ... I will wait until someone puts out aquality version of it !!
 when you advertise a DVD as `` Latina Girls Going Crazy '' I expecta marathon of gorgeous , exotic looking latina girls getting nakedat a club in the street in a motel at a spring break resort etcThis piece of garbage is half hour of either ugly or fat girls showing their either saggy or flat chested tops , again none ofthem are doing nothing crazy except just flashing their tops & the rest of the half hour is about 2 gilrs in a motel room just kissing & touching each other , neither one gets nakeddont say u were n't warned . I pay $ 5.00 for this crap & its still too expensive
 ` Living Free ' is one of those obscure sequels to huge hits that most people do n't even know exist . In this case it 's not hard to see why
 The site of an immaculately turned out Susan Hampshire in thick eyeliner and gleaming white -LRB- flared -RRB- trouser suit prancing through the Serengeti should serve as an immediate red flag . This is about as far as you can get from Bill Travers ' and Virginia McKenna 's charming performances in Born Free , never mind invoking the real Adamsons , who led interesting and ultimately tragic lives . Does n't seem much like Kenya in the fifties to me -LRB- I was there -RRB- . Give it a miss .
 This is the quite dreadful sequel to `` Born Free . '' It is intended for viewing by children , but even young ones will be bored with the extremely slow pace of this feature-length film . Were it shortened by two-thirds to about 30 minutes , it would be reasonably entertaining for younger kids . The acting is cheesy and very dated , and the plot plods along very slowly . There 's nothing inherently wrong with the story , and the videography of the lions is quite charming , but it is presented so badly in this film that I would not waste a penny on it . Fortunately , I obtained my copy from the local library .
 This Born Free sequel lacks authenticity -LRB- the two leads show a loving relationship , when the opposite is well-known -RRB- and credibility -LRB- how in the world could the three young cubs shown have survived on their own for as long as they supposedly did ? -RRB- . It 's also boring .
 This movie is a sequal to Born Free however this movie is not as good as the original . Elsa the lion and her cubs are beautiful creatures who should be left alone so they can stay free .
 This is a true story ? I 'll call this couple out as a couple of selfish , reckless , wanton wildlife exploiters . You hunt down and kill the parents , thumbs up there you idiots . Then your a genius for figuring out what milk will help them stay alive ? You enjoy them when they are cubs and then when they get to large you ship them of to a zoo for profit . . Two LOSERS !
 This was under the children and family category . It was fine until a couple minutes in when a woman gets savagely killed by a lion . Far from appropriate for my child .
 I ordered several movies when i ordered this one , but apparantly this one was defected and i could not watch it .
 First problem was that I was sent 2 copies and charged for both when I only ordered one . I decided to keep both only because I liked the movie and thought the second would make a great gift . I finally opened MY copy last night to watch it for the first time -LRB- it was `` factory sealed , '' mind you -RRB- and the DVD was totally screwed up
 the dvd was loose from the circle holder , it rattled around inside the case no way to put it back seeing as this was gift . not good
 This book is AWFUL ! First , the title is offensive . I 'm in a wheelchair and I hate the term `` crippled '' . It 's demeaning and insensitive . I thought Max Lucado was supposed to be a compassionate Christian ? By naming the book this title , it not only teaches a new generation another `` hateful '' term it promotes treating people different because of their abilities or lack thereof.Furthermore , I found this to have the message of `` pity the disabled '' not treat them as normal and productive parts of society , which many of us are . If you truly want to educate your children about differences DO N'T buy this book . It 's `` well meaning '' but inaccurate books like this one that further alienate those of us with disabilities and perpetuate ignorance and misunderstanding .
 While this book may be helpful to children who are seen as `` special '' or `` crippled , '' I would never recommend it , because of the title , which is bad as `` The Nig ** er Lamb '' would be . Get it ? I 'm an advocate for people with disabilities , the preferred term , and can assure you that a book called `` crippled '' and terms like `` special '' will have the opposite of the intended result and could cause children to be perceived even more as `` special '' instead of different but equal .
 Ever stayed up late one saturday night and been flipping through the channels aimlessly ? infomercial , infomercial , wait ? what was that . somethin catches your eye . it 's griffen drew in a seductive pose with that orgasmic expression on her face . to say one thing ms. drew has those expressions down pat . The storyline is a bit flakey with random lovemaking scenes -LRB- which are , quite exquisite -RRB- and not-the-greatest actors . It 's interesting to see what Edward Albert has done since The Fool Killer -LRB- a much better film -RRB- with Anthony Perkins . Ah well , an entertaining movie at best `` masseuse '' can only be labelled as one os those 1:00 AM eye catchers .
 I echo the sentiments of previous reviews . I saw this movie at a sneak preview at Loews ' State Theater in New York , and George Segal attended . I later saw it again after its official release , and there were no cuts . Barbra 's bare bosom had already been shadowed out , but the funniest line in the movie , when Barbra uttered the `` F '' word , was there . It was still there when Cinemax aired the movie in the 90s . With all of the blood , gore , horror , and sexual aberration that we 've been exposed to on the screen , what is offensive about Ms. Streisand using the vernacular for copulation ? Some reviewers have blamed Streisand for the current emasculated version that I was suckered into buying , after being mislead . Not true ; Barbra has no power over this particular film . It was produced by Ray Stark for Columbia , and Columbia is the villain of this story . At least give potential buyers the choice of which version they 'd like to see ! My advice is do NOT buy the castrated edition of The Owl and the Pussycat .
 I was very much looking forward to the DVD of this title because the video had been so shlocky . Now it seems the DVD is just as tired . The first red flag is the cover art that strays from the classic original . Upon playing , I was shocked that two of the highlights of the film
 I heard from the old timers it was a great movie . After reading the reviews of a butchered DVD , I wont even bother ordering it . Amazon does n't get their cut , a seller does n't make a sale , I keep some money and the producer can do what Streisand suggested ...
 This has always been one of my favorite Streisand films , but they have made an unbelievably criminal mistake in releasing the edited version . I originally saw this -- as a youngster -- on late-night -LRB- pre-cable -RRB- TV , with the `` F word '' intact , and it was absolutely brilliant ! This version is crap ! PLEASE RELEASE THE ORIGINAL R-RATED FILM !!!!!!
 OK ... the film is great , Segal is in fine schlumpy form as an out of work actor , Babs is terrific and sexier than anyone could believe -LRB- then or now -RRB- as a sort of call girl/actress . Robert Klein nails his couple scenes . The dialogue is hilarious and the whole movie works great . How do you mess up a dvd release like this ... . You give zero extras and you ignore the theatrical R version -LRB- that is easily available ! -RRB- and release the sanitized later PG version ? you got it ! I know others have mentioned this but I 'm shocked the studios would do this . Booooo ! -LRB- ok i feel better ! -RRB- The film deserves 4 stars in my opinion , if you can dvr it off cable I would highly recommend . The dvd gets 0.0 stars ... Mr Blutarski
 Much of what 's left in my collection to review are the movies I did n't much like . Here 's an example . This was Barbra Streisand 's first non-singing role , and it 's just stupid . I mean the role is stupid ; Doris , the character she plays is stupid , and the movie is stupid.It all starts when Felix -LRB- George Segal -RRB- , a frustrated writer , notices the girl across the air shaft accepting money from a gentleman caller . He 's mad because she is apparently the one who complained that his typewriter made too much noise late at night . But she plays her TV , with a big bang-bang shoot-em-up movie , with the window open because her apartment is too hot.When Felix tells the landlord that he saw her taking money from a man , the landlord kicks her out of her apartment . She shows up at Felix 's door carrying her TV and a small tote containing her night clothes . She is loud , rude , irrational , uneducated , wears the most ridiculous pajama outfit , and has nothing to recommend her except a reasonably nice body . She causes Felix an enormous amount of trouble , so of course he falls in love with her.Of course . I suppose if you have a good body , and know how to look as pretty as possible -LRB- there 's a scene about that -RRB- , you do n't have to have any other redeeming qualities .
 This is Barbra Striesand 's best comedy!Columbia Home Video has finely introduced this classic onto DVD but they forgot a few major key DVD laws ! 1 . If no extras can be included then at least add the theatrical trailer!and the biggest DVD law ! 2 . Include an UNCUT version of a film as it was originally intended by the film maker!When this film was originally released back in 1970 it was stamped with an ` R ' rating then in it 's re-release in 1972 they had re-cut the film down to a ` PG ' rating.This DVD contains the ` PG ' version ! while watching this version you 'll notice where the cuts were made.This DVD includes a two page booklet that states how the film was cut in the 70 's including language and a scene revealing a topless `` Funny Girl '' . It then states how the profanity was restored in 1999 for a re-release but without the nude Barbra because it was destroyed in the 70 's . Well I hate to tell Columbia but this film is n't restored and is lacking a very funny moment in the original film.One scene is when Streisand and Segal are walking down a city street talking and a car of guys starts following them yelling out insults , then Streisand walks over to them to tell them to `` F@&# OFF ! '' -LRB- cut out dialog -RRB- followed by these guys chasing them . This scene was so badly edited that it ends up making no sense.There was a television version of the film that contained the whole scene intact with muting out the four letter word.As far as the picture quality it is very good but if you 're a fan of the movie i 'm sure you 'll be upset as well as i am with this hacked up verson.Why did columbia home video do this ?? UPDATE3-06Amazon has this DVD listed as being rated ` R ' this is incorrect and this needs to be corrected so it does n't confuse people or Amazon will be receiving a lot of returns.7-30-07Now Amazon has this movie listed as being unrated ? This is a PG version of an original `` R '' rated movie ! * Update 10-12-10I ca n't believe It 's been about 10 years since this butchered version had been in circulation and STILL ! has n't been pulled or properly restored and released ! Are Sony kidding us ? really disgraceful!I really think they owe all that bought this a replacement ... 10 years late but still . I want to see the version I remember and love before I drop dead from old age.Amazon has changed the ratting to ` PG ' finally .
 Enough reviewers have groused that the verdict is in -- The Owl and the Pussycat WAS a classic that rocked , until the idiot Babs and the Columbia scissor boys got hold of it . If I were Buck Henry , I 'd be angry . The majority of people who would be interested in this film ALREADY SAW IT in our relative youth . That means we saw Babs nude and we heard the `` F '' word that had everyone talking , as she tells off a bunch of moochers . More than a few of us need to give Columbia a piece of our minds . This is unconscionable . The nude scene was NOT destroyed , it was BLOCKED from the collar bone down -LRB- she was laying in Barney 's bed , asking `` Whatdaya think ? '' just before Felix joined her . It still exists in the vault . I own a copy with the `` F '' word intact , and in context , it only makes it funny . COLUMBIA , NOW HEAR THIS
 I was dissapointed when I watched this in DVD format ... It has been edited from the Original version of which I saw when it first hit the Big Screen and later on VHS . There was no mention of this in the techical information portion . I would n't of bought it if I had known , and once opened , I could n't return it . I felt I was Robbed . Usually the DVD is so much better than VHS because it Adds so much More information and Extras ... Not this time ... I am confused to WHY they edited it to begin with ... The movie stood on it Laurels for All these years and now they decide to `` soften '' it ... Very unacceptable !
 This item is advertised as being the R-rated -LRB- original -RRB- version . It is not ! It is the reissued -LRB- and censored -RRB- GP-13 version which is not nearly as good or as funny.The listing should be corrected and we can only hope that one day the studio will release the DVD in its original version .
 It 's amazing how one cut can ruin a film . Well , here 's the proof ! I can understand why Barbra demanded her topless scene destroyed , but editing the ` F ' word in a major key scene is unforgivable . This is a true classic comedy and a beautifully transferred DVD with its heart cut out ! There oughta ' be laws against this kind of hollywood butchery !
 I was really shocked and disappointed to find this DVD had been cut ... this was one of the best films I saw in the 70 's . I also discovered that another great movie , `` Goodbye Columbus , '' has been edited down to a PG since its release on DVD with the original nude scenes deleted . I 'm encouraging people NOT to buy or rent these DVD 's and to write the studios and complain ... it 's bad enough that Columbia and Paramount have ruined their own product , but they did n't even have the courtesy to notify buyers that they were n't purchasing the original films . I agree with another reviewer here ... we 're being robbed .
 Edited from the original R rated theatrical release to get a PG rating with no mention of this on the DVD .
 What 's so romantic about this movie.The comedy in the movie was exceptable when you got the joke.Didnt like it at all.Sorry Babs
 If the love of your life was just kidnapped and tortured to death , your dog had just been run over and killed , and your doctor just told you that you have both AIDS and Ebola , this might be a good time to see this movie . Even with all your bad news , you could still feel good that you were not the producer or director of this movie . This movie is a triple threat
 I have no idea why this film is practically out of print & why it 's so expensive when it 's so indescribably awful . I also have no idea why so many people love this film . I purchased a copy of it recently to see what the hype was all about -LRB- e.g. the rumor floating around that it had a lot of sex in it & my parents forbidding my older sisters to see it in the ' 80 's . This was surprising since my parents were pretty lenient in letting us watch almost every movie we wanted to when my sisters & I were growing up -RRB- . To my dismay , the sex scenes really did n't show that much . The only decent things I can say is that the cinematography is good -LRB- e.g. the orange lighting in the scenes where Jade -LRB- Brooke Shields -RRB- & David -LRB- Martin Hewitt -RRB- are making love . Martin Hewitt is great eye-candy for the female viewers in this film.The film 's not even so bad it 's good . I did recently watch `` I Love the ' 80 's Strikes Back 1981 '' on VH-1 & was amused by how awful the stars on the show said it was & the jokes they made about it . The acting is awful by everybody & no one is really likable in the film . Jade 's parents are morons . The father tries to be cool & smoke grass & drink alcohol with the kids . He usually ends up making a fool out of himself , dancing around idiotically . Basically , he 's only nice when he 's under the influence . Jade 's mom struggles to sputter out easy sentences & sayings , souding like a child learning Hooked on Phonics & is so sex-starved that she tries to pull an a la Graduate & make it with David . Jade 's older brother -LRB- James Spader -RRB- is not happy with David dating Jade even though he introduced the two!Brooke Shields disturbs me in this film . I always got the feeling that she was exploited in this film -LRB- as she was in many others when she was young e.g. Pretty Baby as a 12-year-old prostitute , The Blue Lagoon in which she 's way too young to be wearing barely nothing & having sex -RRB- as some unstable , young nymphomaniac who acts much younger than 15 . This is especially evident in the rape scene that was so nauseating I had to fast forward past it . It 's long after David has intentionally set fire to Jade & her family 's house & they meet up again a couple of years later & he rapes her , making her demand over & over again to proclaim his love to her & she 's crying . Afterwards , she 's still on his bed , acting flirty & nonchalant as if nothing happened . What a f@#%*# up scene!After the scene I just mentioned , I kept on fast forwarding through the film to stop the madness & because I really did n't care what would happen . I just wanted it to end . Does it have a point ? Maybe it does - that arson will not win back the heart of the girl you love ? Or maybe that obsessive love will , most likely & almost always , lead to tragic consequences ? But who really cares any way ? I suggest you save your money & rent better films about obsessive love like the uncensored version of 91/2 Weeks & the 1st version of Romeo & Juliet .
 I enjoyed Brooke Shields in The Blue Lagoon , so I ordered a VHS copy of Endless Love to see more of her . This movie has a low-budget quality to it , including grainy picture with poor sound . Others have laid out the plot and I agree with those who pointed out the weaknesses , which made it difficult for me to watch all the way through . Sex and love can get confusing , because before long a pair-bonding type of addiction occurs . Too bad this basic message gets lost in the crazy plot of this chick flick.My experience of dating the girl next door -LRB- both of us previously married -RRB- is one example of the addictive nature of a sexual relationship
 i bought this dvd and now cant play it because its an import united kingdom and will not play on any of my players it will not recognize us format
 This dvd would not work - When I tried to play it -LRB- I tried in 2 different dvd players and a computer -RRB- and the screen would say : copied dvd not licensed to play -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . After the fact I realized it said : NON-USA FORMART -LRB- ? -RRB- . I would never order an video from this company again . And I hate having to go through the return process too-such an inconvenience .
 This film is inconsistent in many ways . Set up as a forbidden love story between two teen agers bitterly opposed by the father of the girl , the film stops making sense that you realize that the girl 's family is supposed to be a bunch of progressive ex-hippies who encourage their children to experiment and hold wildest parties on the block . Why hate the kid when he is trying so desperately to become part of the clan ? The enemy number two is the girl 's brother , who happens to be this guy 's best friend who introduced him to his sister in the first place!Beyond that the film starts falling apart . Father forbids them to see each other for a month because of the girl 's failing grades , and the kid goes bonkers and sets the house on fire . The obvious question is , why are n't they talking in school , and what sort of friendship is it that ca n't survive a thirty day separation ? Unless the guy is obssessed with the girl and the girl is not interested.Whatever merits the original novel had got lost in this screen adaptation . No reason for the attraction is given , nor does the film show any relationship between the two beyond sexual attraction . The girl 's folks are not at all recognizable as former hippies , but you can definitely see traces of old world aristocracy in them , with the duck hunting and with pretensions to preppiness and upper classdom , why then did they introduce the kid to the girl in the first place , by a jealous brother no less ??? Finally , the film disgisted me because the guy is clearly a stalker and the girl is objectified , and the whole affair is shown as GREAT LOVE ! On a couple of occasions the guy forces himself on the unwilling girl and they explode into passionate lovemaking . In the final analysis the message in the film validates every stalker in that the object of their obssession will yield to them in the end if only they get through to her against all odds and against all reason . Except in this story the stalker is the hero and a victim .
 You have to be kidding ! Maybe endless therapy is a more telling title!Though the book was an international bestseller the movie is only a shadow of what Scott Spencer wrote . Endless Love had the potential to be another Love Story but Franco Zeffirelli did n't pull it off . Perhaps the passage of time makes the film seem shallow and morbid in its sappiness but what comes out on the screen is two love-crazed teenagers driven to distraction . A 15-year-old girl is best off forging a solid core identity and not having emotional turbulence that young romantic love provokes . A 17-year-old boy about to graduate high school should be looking towards his future . The parents are as much to blame in the story line for their lack of guidance and misunderstanding about the overwhelming feelings teenage hormones have on adolescent minds.If you like sappy romance without the strength of acting , dialogue , and a decent story ... . Endless Love is your tale . Otherwise ... just get over it . There are better told tales of the heart out there.Suggestions
 I was about 16 years old when this movie was in the movie theaters and being a fan of Brooke Shields I watched Endless Love and I actually liked it but unfortunately I let some people convince me that it was n't a good movie to like but now that I 'm older I find that I like this movie again and think it was good so I 'm editing an older review that I wrote in which I gave it a low rating of two stars but I now would rate it 31/2 stars .
 how can i review the movie Endless love when i cant seem to get help to buy it !! how do you buy this movie ??? HELP !!! if you cant buy it now WHEN ????
 I felt that the movie was low budget and did not have a realistic plot . The movie did not keep my attention and I did not watch the whole thing . It was a waste of money .
 This movie is about some guy who has a one night stand . He owns up his betrayal , to his then , supposed to be future wife . In his guilt he tells her that maybe she should date other people , not thinking that she would actually have the nerve to do it . Boy was he wrong . I 'll admit that after I started to become aware of what type of movie this was and how much it stunk , I `` flipped '' through the chapters . This movie showcases infidelity and sexually immoral behavior . This movie should not only be offensive to just African Americans , but to anyone who has a thread of descency or family values .
 a little confused as it came from bazil and is in portuguse not english love the movie but wondering how it happeneed and would like to exchange to atleat one i can understand .
 I normally do n't take the time out for a review , but I am now.I probably own at least a dozen different Cinderella movies , and this has to be one of the weakest.Cinderella herself is a total weakling . She is entirely passive . Everything happens to her - she really does n't take an active roll . She lets her stepmother take everything away from her . She lets herself be bossed by the stepsisters . She lets herself be talked out of marrying the prince . This Cinderella NEVER stands up for herself.The music drags and is often inappropriate . There 's a whole song and dance number in a mausoleum - the prince and his man at arms dance around the crypts of dead kings.The only good point in this is Richard Chamberlain . The one star is for him.Save your money - buy A Tale of Cinderella or Ever After instead - better music , and the Cinderella characters do n't just let themselves get pushed around .
 Do n't believe the glowing reviews that fooled me as well -- this is a really terrible musical version of Cinderella.Despite wonderful photography , locations , and RichardChamberlain , the songs are dreadful and tuneless , and theplotting and direction extraordinarily dull . After thefirst two musical numbers -LRB- there must be dozens -RRB- even my7 year old daughter was complaining -- `` The songs just goon and on and on ! '' The only redeeming feature is that you wo n'tfind the tunes stuck in your head - they are instantlyforgettable . Get either of the Rodger 's & Hammerstein 's Cinderella 's instead !
 i had been wanting to see this movie for like forever because of everyone 's opinion of it . i finally saw it on megavideo and I 'd have to say this is the worst version I 've ever seen . Sure the costumes are beautiful and Richard Chamberlain makes for a very handsome prince . But the story reeks with boredom , the characters are unimpressive especially Cinderella herself even though she does have a beautiful voice . And the songs ! oh my god ! they suck ! they are not catchy or entertaining ! What could have been a 5 star epic tale went terribly wrong and turned out to be a big snooze fest ! I would not recommend this to anyone . What I would recommend however is the Disney animated version and all 3 versions of Rogers and Hammerstein instead . Better story ! Better songs !
 After winning an autographed copy several years ago , I had to wait a long time to unite this DVD with a DVD player . I have always enjoyed the Sherman Brothers ' work , from Mary Poppins to 1776 , even the Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki Tiki Room . I was also looking forward to finally watching Michael Hordern onscreen , after falling in love with his voice in the BBC 's radio version of The Lord of the Rings -LRB- he was a spectacular Gandalf -RRB- . Now , after all that buildup , what a tremendous letdown . I 'm about 40 minutes in and bored out of my skull . The jokes are flat , the lyrics monosyllabic and predictable , the melodies are entirely forgettable , and the acting is entirely two-dimensional . Not recommended for anyone over the age of 5 .
 Price wise ... ya its cheaper than the 2000 issueBUT!this one is only Full Screen 1:33 and127 min run timethe 2000 issue is now up to $ 25.00 + but is Wide Screen 2:35 and143 min run timeyes their really are reasons to know what movie versions are out there to know what one really is the best to buy!this one is n't it !
 The DVD I received is a region 4 and will not play on my laptop or DVD player -LRB- I 'm in the USA -RRB- . In the description of the product it states it is reg 0 non-USA-Format , I understand that , but region 0 is supposed to play on US DVD players . And the box states it is region 4 . Unless I 'm not reading the description right and reg 0 means something else ... For anyone else misreading the desctiption out there ... it 's Australia import , region 4 , not region 0 .
 I liked the 5-star , musicals `` Maytime '' , `` Naughty Marietta '' , and `` Chitty Chitty Bang Bang '' . There was more life in the low-budget , 3-star , musical , `` Rumpelstiltskin '' with Amy Irving.This film has lots of songs , but none make you want to sing along . There are a few pleasant songs that are relaxing . There are also songs by other actors , such as the king , who are not singers , and have no business singing . There is some pleasant humor by the fairy-godmother , but her deadpan humor is not exploited , because Cinderella has no reactions . The attempts at humor by the king and his Court earlier-on fall flat , and so by the time you get to the better humor by the fairy-godmother ; you are jaded . The huge interior of the castle is too sparsely furnished giving a cold and lonely feeling . The king looks to be on a meager budget . They should have used a smaller set that was packed with interest . The dialogue is very formal and without personality . The dancing looks staged rather than fun . The producer lacked imagination , romance , a good sense of humor , intrigue , drama , and excitement . Not a character actor in the lot . Feels more like a play than a movie . A good Cinderella movie has yet to be made . Women may be able to imagine this better than it is . This may be a chick-flick that I just can not relate to . Available on DVD at Brazilian-Cinema dot comm for $ 20 plus $ 4 shipping .
 I 've loved this movie for years and was really excited at finally finding a CD , only to be bitterly disappointed that the disc did n't work . I tried it in several different players , and it would n't even boot in any of them . I 'll be returning it to the seller and asking for a refund . Would much rather have the movie !
 Trouble Bound -LRB- 1993 -RRB- scores points for entertainment value and aconvincing dream-like quality to the story from a litany ofimplausible situations and risible events.It also has a hip and joyful soundtrack from start to finish , resminicent of numbers from Johnny Guitar Watson or Guitar Slim , other mini-moog and Miles Davis Quintet numbers , etc.This is a road movie , comprising various elements , ranging fromtexas hold 'em poker games , provocative strippers , bar fist fights , a beating victim in the trunk needing to be disposed of , and atreasure hunt for a high roller 's stash of cash , in between mobgang rivalry.The picture is also a comedy of sorts , not shy in actively urgingviewers see the lighter side of various absurd yet lethalconfrontations , some with gunplay , or concerning the rapportbetween Michael Madsen 's character , -LRB- a decent card player -RRB- , andPatricia Arquette chatterbox , 18 year old character , somehowshowing a juvenile set of mind , reminiscent in some ways to KateWinslet.Billy Bob Thornton and Seymour Cassel add texture to the story , andmore credibility.The humor does well , often from over the top situations , such asthe meeting held between Arquette and her grandma - the appearancealmost a parody of the original Godfather movie from itssuddenness or clear-break at a mansion estate in the context ofthe action . Another example is the exaggerated profanity which isrisible , especially in the gangland climax of the movie , and takenin context with a large number of comical earlier moments.This movie could have been improved with a wide-screen , but itis n't the case as it seems designed for the high school crowd basedon the dialog , although the story is more mature than that , centering on the underworld , gambling , showgirls , the mob , etc.In sum , this is an obviously entertaining Hollywood and TV stylemovie , underlining an imaginary world , comical , relaxed andappealing to the child in every man and woman . Worth seeing .
 I spent most of the time laughing at the sheer ridiculousness and predictability of this movie -LRB- who on Earth would say that this movie had unexpected plot twists ? -RRB- . Yeah , the dubbing was awful , but it only added on to what was already a bad , bad movie . Even my roommate , who normally hates watching scary movies because she thinks they 're too scary , laughed all the way through this one . And , uh , what kind of police officer would discuss a rape with people OTHER than the immediate family ? < -- Just one of the many truly stupid scenes in the movie . C'mon , skip this one -- unless you 're looking for something for `` bad movie night '' -LRB- as in my case ; I thought it looked stupid from the packaging -- `` grizzly '' instead of `` grisly '' ? please ... -RRB- , and then this one takes the cake .
 I was looking forward to this for two reasons . One , it had Fangoria 's name on it and two , because I enjoy indie horror movies . Plainly put , I ca n't believe Fangoria is associated with this film . It has nothing compared to the quality of Lady of the Lake , or Slashers . The dubbing is terrible . Now , I know that this was a german movie dubbed into english , but come on ! It just does n't look right . I 've seen skin flicks with better dubbing ! The script must have been written by a twelve year old . It 's bad , even for a horror movie . After awhile , I watched it in fast forward mode and found nothing remotely interesting to put it back in regular play mode . Avoid this at all costs . If you like cheesy horror movies , get Attack of the Killer Refridgerator , or Slashers , but definitely save your money and leave this one on the shelf .
 I had read somewhere that this foreign -LRB- german i think -RRB- slasher flick was good ... so I rented it -LRB- thank goodness I did ` nt buy it -RRB- and was really disapointed . The dubbing is bad and the plot is so unoriginal . Basically a maniac escapes from an aslyum who likes to kill people with big scissors-at the same time , some teenagers decide to party in a spooky old school where they just graduated from . There is alot of running around , people crawling through air vents , and of course stabbings . It is n't even gory if you 're into that sorta thing and the beginning , which is like a rip-off of Scream is just plain silly ... Skip this one or rent it if you have insomnia ...
 Movie Summary
 Got my movie in the mail today and there was no movie in the case !!! Not happy at all : -LRB-
 Jean-Claude Van Damme , darling , what were you thinking ?! This movie REEKS ! Terrible acting by all charactars , a clich&eacute; plot , and not enough action . This is what happens when good actors make bad movies . If you want a good Van Damme movie , see Bloodsport , Kickboxer , Hard Target , Double Impact , Street Fighter , or anything besides this one ! ...
 and past his prime to B-movieland he goes . Van Damme ? Ho hum . Now free to embrace the old superheros retirement home along with pals Stallone , Schwarzaneggar & Segall et al , Damme -LRB- it -RRB- 's cardboard acting -LRB- indeed the entire flick -RRB- which delivers action that rivals a race between two slugs and character development , envisages twiggy-like thin-ness . Watch this movie as you would drying paint - in anticipation of fini !
 this is pure crap dont buy this movie the story line might sound really good but trust me the way they did it sucks the whole movie van damn looks pathetic and im his biggest fan which makes me sad that they put him in this movie he really isnt even the main star and he plays two rolls this is just crap dont buy this movie its not even a kicking movie till the end which fight seen was a joke why people rated this movie so good idk but trust me its his worst movie ever
 After the dissapointing team up of Van Damme and Ringo Lam on Maximum Risk , I must say I had my doubts about this film . And while it is better then Maximum Risk it is still a fairly flawed film.As other reviewers have mentioned Van Damme does do a good job of portraying these duel good and evil roles , and he does not over act them like he might of in the 80 's . But here lies the problem of this whole film . All the acting is fairly understated and the pacing is dull and plodding , and it is neither scary nor funny nor action packed . It tries to be a bit of everything and fails on all fronts ... not completly , but enough to make it unsatisfying.Now I do n't know about you , but I think Michael Rooker is pretty dull . In Replicant I suppose he is fairly convincing as a hard-boiled cop , but he does n't bring anything to the role that may have taken it to the next level . And speaking of Michael Rooker , one of the main reasons I got this DVD was for the Van Damme commentary , but alas he hardly speaks , when he does speak his english is alot worse then I thought it would be by now , but his excitement is very catchy . But bloody boring Michael Rooker talks alot , and it 's almost always about himself and boy has he got an ego . By the end of the film he has resorted to talking about how much he works out and what a pity it was that he only got a short chance to show off his `` muscled torso '' breifly in a T-shirt in REPLICANT !!!! ... Now Ringo Lam has proved that he knows how to do some crazy action -LRB- like the chinese outings BURNING PARADISE and FULL CONTACT for example -RRB- , but he REALLY holds back on the goods in REPLICANT . There is basicly no solid action scenes untill the end fight , which I thought would rule , but VAN DAMMES skills are barely used and the chreography , shot composistion and editing is not even very good.To summarise REPLICANT is a dull , plodding and an unthrilling `` thriller '' with almost no decent action , unscary evil guy scenes and very underdeveloped sci/fi elements . However it is cool to see Van Damme extend himself acting wise.For die hard fans of Van Damme only , or people who thought Maximum Risk , Double Team , Universal Soilder : The Return and Streetfighter were `` good '' Van Damme films .
 I should have known that a Van Damme movie would not be worth the time or money . It simply sucked .
 At first this book seemed like it was going to be soemthing special . It had everything I like people making stuff out of wood , people from strange religions , and a good message about trying hard . But then Jacob had a hallusination and then the book got really preachy and boring . I di n't like the end either .
 This is a great season and both DVD discs work perfectly fine ; however , there is a large slash that runs down the front cover and flaps out . The top of the DVD case usually has a sticker . This case did not have a security sticker and looked as though this item was used and just repacked as &#34; new &#34; . The back is severely dented in as well . I order from Amazon regularly and this is the first time I 've ever had an item shipped that was in such poor condition .
 As we all know -- this movie did not win an Oscar . However , if you are a person who loves Drew and/or need to kill time I 'll say give it world . Yes it is quite low-budgeted , for example , there is a scene where Holly and Patrick have sex in the kitchen -- in the window there is a tree lim tapping against the door . I found that funny because you can tell it was poorly manipulated , LOL . Basically the reviews are spot on with how negative they are about the picture , I 'm being nice giving it two stars since it 's mainly a B-movie or TV movie quality . Thankfully this movie did not kill Drew 's career as she was finally getting her career back on track after years of drug abuse .
 I wanted to see what Drew was doing 15 years ago . I thought this was a bad attempt at a horror spoof with no laughs . Now I know it was just a bad film with unintentional goofs everywhere . Oh well , show biz people have to learn their trade somehow . Glad I did n't pay .
 Watching t.v. late at night -LRB- or too early in the morning -RRB- ? `` Doppelganger '' might be just the right b-movie to keep you occupied . It 's interesting enough to make you wonder what exactly is going on , but cheesey enough towards the end to make you understand exactly why it 's played at 3 in the morning . George Newbern is the best feature of the movie , fine acting and seems to be too good for the movie itself . Drew Barrymore , -LRB- we all know how much she has improved since `` Doppelganger '' , and I personally think she is a great actress . That having been said - -RRB- leaves so very much to be desired . She has an awkward deliverence of her lines , but most of the fault I suspect lies in the story itself . The movie appears to be getting good by the middle by falls short at the end . Almost as if it was given to two different writers to finish and neither ending was cut . Overall worth watching for a thrill , a laugh , or Newbern 's acting .
 I enjoy movies with Drew Barrymore but this movie must have had the lowest budget ever ! Through most of the movie , you are not sure of the outcome . Which makes a good suspense film , again , despite the budget . The ending , well , let 's say they should have ended the movie earlier as the last scenes cause the film to go from good to horrible .
 i can not , with good conscience recommend this movie.please , look at it ! it 's awful!drew barrymore , in her sad `` poison ivy '' stage , is a wretched performer . there are pothole plothole 's all over the place . and it 's itchy to watch the scene with her real mother , jaid barrymore . were they attempting reconcilliation through a b-movie ? oh ! and the guy from adventures in babysitting , father of the bride & a few episodes of friends is in it , fumbling around too . where is that guy?there 's a tough broad friend , a spooky house & at one point SPOILER
 It gets two stars for the unintentional comedy . Other than that , it 's one of the worst of the ultra-cheesy , predictable , low-budget horror movies from the early nineties . The FX are funny at first , but then they just go on and on and on and the sucking takes over from the comedy . The acting is uniformly terrible , and one has to image that the typically enjoyable Barrymore is just glad to have this ridiculous part of her career well behind her .
 Why watch a movie if the writers and producers can not even spell the movie 's title right . Using a German title without knowing how to spell it is a bit embarrassing . Maybe D. Borchers and A. Nesher should have bought a Duden at Amazon first.Doppelg&auml;nger -LRB- Doppelgaenger -RRB- - Person , die jemandem zum Verwechseln &auml;hnlich sieht .
 This has to be one of the worst movies I 've ever wasted my time watching ! Do n't dispose a precious cent on this movie unless you are a gigantic Drew Barrymore fan and you are merely viewing the movie for the raw sex scenes and constant , random nudity . The storyline could have worked , yet the movie is pathetically low budget , the acting is horrid and the movie falls desperately flat . It is impossible to like this movie unless you are obsessively in love with Drew Barrymore and you want to watch her at her lowest point . It 's so bad that I had to come here to vent about it online . The director was obviously a film school drop-out who offered the actors free cocaine and produces low budget porn .
 There are so many good things in this movie that I really wish that I could 've liked it more . But , as it is , it felt like the cinematic equivalent of a video game . If you really do want to spend 80 minutes watching some chick running then I 'd suggest waiting for the next Olympics . For a German movie with some depth , rent anything by Fassbinder , Herzog or Wenders .
 I bought the dvd of this movie after I read all those positive feedback from other viewers . However , this is not the type of movie that I 'll be willing to wait for more than a month for viewing . As an overseas buyer , the movie , shipment waiting time , and the cost of buying it all does n't meet my high expectation/anticipation level of the movie . I was expecting something more like `` Le femme Nikita '' not a story of 2 youngsters having three different ending of their problems . The only good thing from this movie , for me , is the music ! Two thumbs up for the music selection ...
 Another superhip , irritatingly kitschy , loud , fast , music-video of a movie , which obviously hopes to inspire the ever-so profound reaction
 I never watched the entire video , I became disenchanted watching this style of German movie making.The use of cartoons takes much away from the story . I do n't think I have patience to watch it againso I will probably trash it .
 The only reason I came across this film was that I was mesmerized by the director 's more recent work , the Perfume . So I thought I 'd check out the rest of his films.Lola gets a call from her boyfriend that he 's lost his crime boss ' money . And the boss is coming to collect it in 20 minutes . So Lola starts running , originally to see her dad who is a banker . And then depending on how fast she can go or whether she gets held up or not , entire lives can work out differently not only for herself but also for people that she bumps into - literally . The movie shows us 3 possible scenarios.The action 's obviously quite fast , because she 's running just about the whole movie , so you are made to feel that things are happening . But it 's all extremely shallow , the thrills and developments are very uninteresting.We are shown fates of people we do not care about at all . This is one of the main flaws of this film . It assumes that the audience will care about strangers . The only guy I cared about in the movie was the homeless fellow , I looove that beard . Even Lola and her boyfriend did n't really move me , though they looked like a lovely couple.The message of the film is also very much irrelevant . That the little choices we make , or even just pure chance , can have big effects on our lives and others ' . No kidding ! Give this guy a Nobel Prize ! But I have a question
 Franka Potente stars in a thrilling , but all together mis-directed new style movie from Germany . The main character in the film , Lola , is forced to make several dramatic and radical feats to help raise thousands of DM 's for her less than appealing boyfriend Manni in order to pay off some gangsters . A radical new approach to directing is taken throughout the film , with heavy emphasis on music and an almost surreal style of split screen action between different characters . An incredible use of different cinematography and angle points is also used , -LRB- Not to mention some usage of animated scenes -RRB- which are also stunning . Unfortunatly for this film , the approach is not enough . The story is often muddled and confusing , and the characters are very briefly outlined . But you have to look at what the movie was made for . The director obviously intended this to be an experiment , he sacrificed the plot in order to try out some new , radical approach to filmaking . Not for everyone , but give it a try if you want something different .
 I give this film 5 stars . This and The Princess and the Warrior are in my top 10 all time favorites.This is less a review than advice to those that may be influenced by the 1 star reviews . The reviewers all tried really hard to sound intelligent while at the same time admitting that they `` do n't get it '' and claim that there was nothing thought provoking.They say that it was just the same thing three times showing three possible results . These reviewers said it themselves - they did n't get it.During the movie the song What a Difference a Day Makes is played both to create atmosphere and to send a message . One of the main points of the movie is to show what a difference precious seconds can make . . Cheers.P.S.Hopefully this sheds some light for the 1 star reviewers as well , but I doubt it .
 Actually this is n't really even a movie , it 's a really long music video . Maybe it 's an advertisement , I do n't know . All I can say is that a good movie requires a few things first and foremost
 This film is based on a single central idea which is n't particularly original in the first place . It tells a story from the point of view of several possible outcomes which provides an interesting way of telling a story though it is very reiterative.The film takes place in a typical mittel-Europa city - probably German - and concerns itself with a very slight plot in which there are multiple outcomes . I wo n't bore you with the detail but suffice to say that unless you like to look at the eponymous Lola -LRB- believe me she 's no oil painting -RRB- running around the streets to get to talk to various people -LRB- has n't she heard of the `` telephone '' or the `` taxi '' ; perhaps the title of the film would n't work well `` Phone Lola Phone '' and `` Ride Lola Ride '' do n't really have the same ring to them , I suppose -RRB- you 'll get pretty bored with this one - especially as it 's telling the same story with a different ending three or four times.As entertainment this is only slighly more interesting than watching paint dry . I 'll give it one more star than the absolute minimum due to it 's interesting effort to try and tell a story in an innovative manner but beyond that there is very little of value here.Give this one a miss despite what the other fawning 5 * reviews here are telling you .
 I see a lot of glowing reviews for this movie and I just do n't get it . It 's not `` deep '' , ingenious , brilliant , or anything else that I 've heard it called . Anyone who thinks this movie is thought provoking probably thinks Barney the dinosaur is a great philospher -LRB- seriously , get an education -RRB- . This is a gimmicky , kitchy film that is a combination of concepts that have all been used before . The funny part is that they were n't great concepts the first time I saw them in other films . But hey , nothing suceeds like excess ... so lets bring it all together and make a really really bad movie !
 This movie does n't even deserve one star . The script was horribly written , and they kept on playing the SAME thing over and over and over again . Little parts changed while they replayed it , but I knew I could n't stand to watch ANOTHER rerun again . I had to watch this movie for German and I 'm certainly not watching it again .
 Although `` Run , Lola , Run '' is off-beat , has some nice camera work and a few impressive images , I could not develop any interest in any of the characters . Lola 's extreme red hair and goofy outfit -LRB- blue tank top , white bra straps , turquoise pants , and black Doc Martin boots of all things -RRB- were distracting . The `` driving music beat '' -LRB- or however it was described -RRB- , was fairly boring and repetitive.The commentary was only slightly more interesting than the movie . The two participants of writer/director Tom and lead actress Franka were a couple at the time , which accounts for the mutual admiration society feel of the commentary.There may have been a good idea for a movie here , but I could not find it . Close to being the least watchable movie -LRB- `` Lost and Delirious '' , `` The Smokers '' , `` Black and White '' and `` Armageddon '' -RRB- . I nearly dozed off both times.I give the movie two stars for effort and concept , but I advise you to ... `` Run Away , Run ''
 Also ich finde es ja toll , dass ein deutscher Film in den USA so gut ankommt , aber ich habe ihn bei uns in Deutschland im Kino gesehen und dachte mir `` wie lange rennt die denn noch '' und `` warum rennt die schon wieder '' . Mein Freundin fand den Film aber echt klasse . Von den vier Leuten die wir waren gibt einer 5 Sterne , 2 geben drei Sterne und ich gebe dem Film 2 Sterne . W&uuml;rde ihn mir aber niemals auf DVD oder Video kaufen .
 I do n't think this film is THAT brilliant . Yes , it explores interesting philosophical issues -LRB- for example , Lola 's question to her boyfriend
 My 16 year old daughter told me this film changed her life . I 'm getting her into therapy soon . I suppose that as a study in film making techniques and creativity this film breaks some novel ground . Aside from that the characters held no interest for me , a 47 year old . The overdone running scenes comprise about 50 % of what is a rather short-running film to begin with . Decent Dolby 5.1 effects . Look for something else !
 I dont see what the BFD was about this movie . I mean , yeah she looks cool and they do drugs , yay . I thought the experimental `` and then '' parts were kinda cool . But I just didnt like the movie . I dont think they connected the groundhog day feeling of it all together that well . Or obviously . This was better than the otherGroundhog Dayin how it was maybe an hour shorter . Not for me . And I usually like off beat movies . Just dont be off beat for the sake of being offbeat . I think I might check out the soundtrack though .
 Wake me up when it 's over ! The only reason this movie gets two stars is for it 's look and the excellent way the movie was shot . After that , it 's just boring , repetitive dribble . I like the Hollywood movies better . `` Groundhog 's Day '' is 15 times better than this unimaginative lump of crap .
 All I can say is do n't waste your money !
 If you like thumping , loud , monotonous music , you may like this film better than I did . With all the hungry , talented musicians in the world , I would think this film maker could have found one that could provide decent music.Although I liked Potente in other films , it was difficult for me to find the characters interesting . Maybe I could forgive Lola for being in love , but her boyfriend seemed worthless.Yes , this film showed various futures that could have arisen from a single starting point . That is a good idea for a film , but I just think , in spite of the attempts at originality , the result did not bear fruit . For a more intelligent film about the possibilities arising from a situation , I think Rashomon would be a better way to spend your time .
 I can not believe that people would give this film 5 stars . I forced myself to watch the entire film just because I could not believe that someone would actually recommend this film . Yea it has an interesting twist , but it gets real painful after a while . If you love it , god bless ...
 The meat of the movie is given away by the title . Be prepared to watch Lola do an awful lot of running ... and then some more . American movie critics seem to have a fetish for any movie foreign . Do n't believe the hype ... the plot is not ingenious nor are the direction and production groundbreaking . The basic idea -LRB- Lola has to come up with 100,000 bucks and get it to her distressed boyfriend Manni in 20 minutes or he will be killed -RRB- would have made for an exciting short film , but instead is stretched into an agonizing almost feature length film . The same story plays out three times , with three different endings . The premise is interesting -LRB- not original -RRB-
 It was kind of an interesting film , but I found the music boring and monotonous . Some of you have good points about the technical merits and originality , but I just could not get past the music , so for me it was not enjoyable . If the director and producer both had tin ears , there are millions of cheap , underpaid musicians in the world . Or just leave some of the more obnoxious music out.Germany / Austria has given so much great music to the world
 This pic reminds me a bit of Amelie , but much better . Amelie was cutsie and this is an action pic . Unfortunately , the running does get a bit tiresome , though it is interesting for much of its running time .
 This film has some cult following . And I decided to give it a try.Basically , this is just a `` one-idea-film '' that would have made a GREAT short feature . Instead , they stretched it into a feature film.And it is all offensively idiotic .1 - Lola is at home . Her boyfriend calls her and explains his problem
 No spoilers ahead : The story tells of a boyfriend who is in debt . Coming to terms that he will not pay off the debt with only 20 minutes remaining , his girlfriend runs to his aid to try and get the money before time is up . The plot is told three times over to exemplify three different possibilities of what can happen.I 'm almost shocked at the abundant amount of raving reviews for this terrible film . I 'd like to make a fair review based off of the insight and interesting things about the film , but I honestly fail to see any . For this I can only pick at it : The Music
 It made me dizzy , I fell asleep
 I know all opinions are subjective but I do not undertsand what you could find interesting in this movie . The love story is stereotyped . The boyfriend is an idiot -LRB- which makes the girl an even more idiot -RRB- , the soundtrack is exhausting and the plot is non existing . In this type of movie there is MUCH better which has been done . Please ...
 `` What a waste of money ! '' These words demonstrate my exact reaction after watching this movie which I have regrettably purchased on DVD . Excited to have a new DVD player , I bought this DVD after reading the many great reviews about the movie . Now I 'm extremely puzzled . Why so much praise for this flick ? It is anything but interesting
 I did not get it . She is just running and running and again running . No philosophical idea . No point . The movie is telling us the same story in three different versions . Why ? Boring ...
 ok , so u want to know what a bad film is like . yea well dnt watch this one cause u will just fall asleep and still not know the film is about her running and runninga and running and running and u get the picture
 This is one movie where the title makes as much sense as the content . I gave it one star , although Franka deserves five stars for fitness .
 In a single sentence , this is the first time I felt I wasted my money .
 Her pusher boyfriend needs his junk , and his girlfriend missed the connection?Yeah ? So what?Watch him get on the phone to her and freak out . Repeatedly.Just tired of films about drugs and users and that entire scene.Shot in that annoying MTV music-video style.When will directors learn to stop swirling the camera and allow the actors to do what they were hired to do?Not a complicated concept at all , filmmakers . Leave the actors alone . That 's right
 This film may have had a tad of art to it but for the most part it looked like a practice RUN for `` Groundhog Day . '' I appreciate the differences but there is nothing unique about this movie . The only pleasure is comparing this to the hundreds of other similar movies -LRB- `` D&eacute;j&agrave; Vu '' , `` Sticky Fingers of Time '' , `` Happy Accidents '' , etc. -RRB- The story is very basic ; boyfriend loses mob money to bum on subway . Girlfriend -LRB- Franka Potente quite hansom if you discount the red hair -RRB- frantic to help must RUN to his rescuer obtaining 100,000 Deutschmarks -LRB- pre-Euro 2002 -RRB- on the way . We are treated to several versions and there could have been more . ----------------------------------------------- This film lends its self well to Blu-ray . And there are a few DVD extras worth watching . Unfortunately they spoke to fast to interpret so I needed the English subtitles . I would have preferred German subtitles then I may have been able to keep up . There is an English soundtrack but much is lost in the translation.The Lives of Others -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
 Although it is not a good movie it is a lot of fun to watch the whole artificial thing fail . Vanity and greed are the orders of the day , culminating in the moment when KIT has his `` best friend from college '' -LRB- read
 I originally was quite interested in seeing this film after reading a lot of good press about it . When I finally did see the film theatrically I mainly saw little more than the failed possibilities.In my opinion the greatest weakness is in focus . The two founders are not particularly interesting characters and the choice to focus on them to the exclusion of the company itself brought the film down . As well there are significant time gaps in the growth of govWorks.com while other sections -LRB- most notably the rather boring part about securing venture capital -RRB- are given a disproportionate share of the time . In the end I never was able to care about the characters or gain any real feeling for the company they founded . It could have been about any other business that failed with very little that was specific to the time , place , or culture that surrounded the Dot-Com Boom and why it went bust .
 I was very interested in seeing the decline and fall of a dotcom from the inside . Unfortunately , that was n't what the filmakers thought they were filming . They thought it was going to be an inside look at a buff , young entreprenuer who makes an empire worth billions during the dotcom boom . They did n't seem to care much about showing how the company operated and what it 's plan to make money was . It 's almost as if during filming they viewed the company 's success as a guarantee and what they really just wanted to do a personality piece on Kaleil so in the future others could look back at the life of an industrial giant . In the process , they squandered the opportunity for the real story -LRB- which was the fall of the company and why -RRB- . That makes watching the documentary very frustrating , to be so close to the real story but miss it all . -LRB- but they manage to capture some stuff suitable for a Kaleil fitness workout video ... how fascinating -RRB- . I give it 2 stars because there are a few interesting bits in there . And the personality of the CEO -LRB- or , `` co-CEOs '' -RRB- is part of the story I wanted to see , but I was looking for something more . Who were they hiring and why ? How were they choosing to spend the VC money ? What milestones had they set and did they reach any of them ? How were they going to stave off competition ? Maybe they just did n't have executive staff meetings , or maybe the camera was n't interested/invited . My poor rating speaks more about the filmakers than the subject matter itself . As for Kaleil and Tom , I found both of them loathesome and fake , even worse than I expected . They seemed genuinely clueless about what to do after raising VC money . Almost as if rasing the money was the real success and the rest would just fall into place after that . In all honesty , Kaleil seemed to do his job ... raise money and be a face guy . But who 's responsibility was it to make the company work ? We never get to see.In the end , you will laugh remembering the early co-founder who was `` bought out '' -LRB- driven out -RRB- for $ 700,000 . Was this the guy who was going to make it all work ? What skills did they lose when they played their hand against him ? -LRB- unfortunately , that is not answered -RRB- . The other founders thought they were cutting him out , but as it turns out he got the only parachute . Ironic .
 As far as documentaries go , this one is n't very good . I was expecting to see a film on the rise and fall of an internet company . Instead , I got CEO and buddy yell into a phone . I was very disappointed not to find out about the day-to-day operations of the company , what the 200 + employees did all day while Kaleil was meeting with VC 's , or why they waited until the night before the launch to first test their site -LRB- sheesh , no wonder the business failed -RRB- . Even knowing WHO the employees were would have been nice . Otherwise , it makes Kaleil and Tom 's talk of being a family , not a company , sound hollow.Even for what it was trying to do , by focusing on the two founders and their relationship , it did n't do very well . There was so much I did n't know about Tom and Kaleil , no background information was given other than they had known each other since high school . Where did they go to college ? We find out Kaleil left his investment banking job to work on govworks.com but what did Tom do before ? How did Kaleil come up with the idea of a website to pay parking tickets ? Who were the other founders and what were their roles in the company and relationship with Kaleil and Tom ? Why should we care about these guys ? I quickly found myself not caring about them , their company , or thier dog.This could have been a good documentary if the directors had been more focused . So much was left unexplained , I was more confused at the end then enlightened - not a good sign for a documentary . I give it 2 stars , one for Tom 's daughter -LRB- very cute little girl -RRB- and one for giving me a chance to laugh at two of the fools who ruined our previously healthy economy .
 First off , this is a horrid `` documentary '' . A little narration would have gone a LONG way.I gave it two stars because I thought it made a good dark comedy . These guys are living characatures.Let 's be honest about this
 I bought this thinking it could be interesting & educational , because it dealt with things that I am interested in . However , it turned out to be a disappointment . The plot & storyline are horrible . The quality is worse than a VHS , everything is amateurish . Go look somewhere else please .
 This was really bad . I had to turn it off before getting to the end . It is a home video quality production showing many stupid business decisions . I ca n't believe that myself or anyone else would be willing to pay to watch this .
 I could n't wait to see this movie , and was I ever disappointed , as I yawned my way through most of it . The movie covers more than a year in the rise and fall of an internet startup , and does so with the assumption that the audience has a short attention span and wo n't be interested in the details . And so , there were complex interactions in several areas that were central to the story but which were dealt with superficially . First , the dealings between the company and the venture capitalists . A lot of screen time was devoted to the search for money , but I ca n't say it shed any light , for me , on how they actually got the money . Next , there was the buyout of one of the founders , with negotiations that got pretty ugly . Never did I get what precipitated the buyout or why things got so ugly . Then , there was a pivotal confrontation between the two remaining founders . I sat staring at the screen wondering , what are the issues here ? What is happening to this company ? Do I even care ? No , the filmmakers gave me no reason to care about either the company or the people . There were a lot of people treating each other badly while saying to the camera how relationships are the most important thing in their life.There was no narration , little explanation , quick edits that left with me with more questions and no answers . There were captions showing the growth of the company . 20 employees . 75 employees . 200 employees . And suddenly , near the end , empty cubicles and a caption that said 50 employees . What caused the sudden dropoff ? Was it the beginning of the bubble bursting for internet stocks ? Or was it that their competitors had , technically , better websites ? I really could n't tell . Maybe the point of the movie was merely to entertain , and not to elucidate what happened to one company during the internet mania . But I was n't even entertained .
 Two jackasses are funded for an otherwise brilliant idea . Problem is , the two chuckleheads , Kaleil -LRB- this guy is self-inflated throughout the whole movie -RRB- and Tom could n't run a toaster let alone a business . Not surprisingly , the whole 'em pire ' comes crashing down on the both of them . The most work I think they ever did in the movie was film themselves and show everyone how important they thought they were.This is a typical case study of how not to run a business . It is a great behind the scenes of who was running the `` new economy '' . It will be no surprise to you after watching this movie why the bubble burst .
 This movie caused me to lose 2 hours of my life , and I want them back ! After seeing this movie , it is obvious that the reason for govWorks.com 's failure is not due to unfortunate stock market circumstances but because the owners just could n't get along ! From the start of the film , it is easy to see that the characters starting this company lack the discipline and true customer dedication to make this company a success . Throughout the movie , Mr. Kaleil tries to impress the viewers with his use of foul language , angry tones , and cell phones.These two obviously do not have a concrete business plan . As can be seen in the scenes negotiating with venture capital firms , Mr. Herman deviates from their original ` vision ' , spontaneously talking about giving people directions to government buildings . They apparently did not have any focus on why people would pay money for their service . Their lack of customer interaction sticks out like a sore thumb - nowhere in the development of govWorks.com do the founders actually perform any market research . They obtain large sums of venture capital , and celebrate without considering what they will use their funds for . They pile on the millions , but make no reference to their NEEDs in their cash flow statements -LRB- if they even had one -RRB- . Overall the video is poorly directed - even for a documentary . There is no narration and the movie is acted out in a series of `` scenes '' taken by a home video . It is very much like `` reality TV '' . All of the steps in building -LRB- and destroying -RRB- their company are implicit through dialog , rather than explained.If you like reality TV or just like watching 2 dimwits trying to start a company , then buy this . But if you are serious about seeing a motivational story or learning something about starting a company , do n't waste your time on this movie . This movie was so bad I sent my DVD on a one-way trip through the microwave .
 I was a big fan of `` War Room '' from the same creative team , but this effort is not a worthy sequel . The guys that start the company -LRB- govworks.com -RRB- seem to be a couple of dopes out of their element from the word go , and all the `` we are n't a business , we are a family '' BS was just flat out stupid - no wonder they failed . That aside , what is really lacking in the movie is a narrative that gives the viewer more info on how the company is really doing when the spaghetti hits the fan at various points . We know the business is running into problems , but no real details are provided - just the two guys screaming into their cell phones . Too bad - better organization and background narrative to go along with the human element would have made this a much better documentary .
 After `` The War Room '' , this documentary is especially disappointing . It suffers from a lack of distance between subject and film maker , and bestows affection on two immature posers who deserve little more than contempt . It focuses almost entirely on these two annoying people for no reason except that they are young and temporarily in control of big bucks.This is a bogus depiction of a dot-com , unless you believe that people flying around and grubbing money is the entire story . In fact , the internet phenomenon was a vast , complex drama , one which is shortchanged in this unfortunate mistake.Anyone familiar with the internals of the dot-com world knows that these `` pioneers '' never were the heroes portrayed in the popular media ; they 're simply jerks . The hambone buddy love scenes provide first class examples of myopic documentarians buying into the hocus-pocus of a couple of phonies . Their audience deserved an honest depiction of their empty souls and their pointless company . Instead , we got `` gee whiz , they 're young and going to be rich ! ''
 The biggest problem with this movie is that after five minutes of viewing , you pretty much were n't rooting for anyone to succeed . I mean , out of the gazillions of dot coms with exactly the same story to tell as govworks.com -LRB- a couple of moderately-bright and over-ambitious young guys with a lukewarm idea hit up their family and friends up for money , get a round of financing , and fall on their faces as soon as it 's clear that the whole thing was rushed into and had a flimsy foundation -RRB- , it is a shame that this movie followed the travels of the two ... in charge . Furthermore , this documentary somehow took footage from a spot on the front line of one of the most bombastic , hectic , and electrifying times in this nation 's economy , and distilled it into a drab and boring story . Trust me , this felt every bit like a documentary -LRB- you know , the bad kind - the kind which every good documentary clearly distances itself from -RRB- . Kaleil Isaza Tuzman was OK but had too big of an ego -LRB- he 'd make a better cheerleader than businessman , use of corporate buzzwords and catchphrases notwithstanding -RRB- , Tom Herman was a creep with a wet-blanket liberal personality , and the prevailing quality that comes to mind for everyone involved in the project is `` spoiled . '' Plus , the movie 's editing job is such that it never really conveys that these guys had to work too hard to achieve any measure of success ; they should have been thrilled to make it as far as they did , given the flimsiness of their game plan , their lack of preparedness for key interviews and opportunities , and the grave errors still in existence at the time they launched . This movie was a barely-watchable dot bomb .
 I really did n't learn why this company failed or even exactly what they were trying to sell , but with over five scenes of him working out in the gym , I sure got to know how really buff Kaleil is . Excellent !
 Startup.com has to be the worst documentary that I have ever watched . I thought that the DVD might be interesting to a web geek who enjoys documentaries , like myself . The documentary is poorly shot and poorly edited . I wanted the documentary to be over much sooner than later . Whoever funded the duplication and distribution of this DVD was probably one of the venture capitalists who funded any stupid idea in the dot com bubble .
 Okay , I was excited to see this movie . I read a few non fiction books on the dot.com bust and thought I knew a thing or two , but when I watched this movie focus on petty relationships and nothing more , I found myself wondering what planet these film makers were from . I mean , WHO cares about these people 's relationships ?? NOT ANYONE WHO IS WATCHING THIS MOVIE ! We care about why and how businesses succeed and fail . This movie sucked !
 I liked the film ... as it is similar in style to The Thin Man and Charlie Chan series . Rod LaRoque does a great job as THE SHADOW . Having said that there are probably better prints of this film on the market .
 `` The Shadow Strikes '' is nothing more than a B-movie detective story . There is nothing shadowy about the Shadow ; the flm has no special effects -- I am sure the budget had no money for any effects . It 's run of the mill style of B movies of the 30s . It 's okay if you have no great expectations of being much entertained .
 The Shadow Strikes , 1937 filmThe movie begins with a man using a magnifying glass to examine a bullet . Can it be matched ? Next two burglars open a safe , but are caught by `` the Shadow '' . The police arrive in time . Randall gets a telephone call for help
 I mainly watch documentaries and informative films and left ` dirty pictures ' thinking , `` what was that ? '' I think the root of the problem is a director who did n't try to direct anyone to make this a film about the Shulgins -LRB- or any specific message -RRB- , and so people started off by describing their own work , and finished with their self-reflections . The result is that everyone in the film is a star , and instead of a flowing story that builds on a central theme you get it all piled up like so many short stories chopped up and shuffled into one deck.Some of the clips were taken from other documentaries that were freely available on the Internet even before this film was released , so some of the Shulgin content in this film is actually being resold at an inflated price . Even the name ` dirty pictures ' is a serious let down , if anything it 's misleading , and at best it 's a title that was used by MGM for a film they released on DVD in 2000 . My painful honesty is pretty much lost on the Shulgins huge and loving fan base ; if you do n't like the Shulgins then you probably do n't like people in general , but this is n't just about them , it 's also about many other people which forces it 's scope to be shallow , and for that the film seems to run too long ; and not far enough into the lives of the amazing Shulgins.I think the worst thing a documentary can do is to move the general public to indifference so for that the film earns one star , but because I have a deep affection for the Shulgins I 'm adding on one star to the film for them actually being in it ; it 's my personal bias .
 I am very interested the subject matter of this film , but the film is terrible . I have read Shulgins ' books and many others . I was really looking forward to this movie when I bought it.This film is one of the worst films I have ever seen.The editing is bizarre and disorienting . The movie does not flow . The movie is basically a collection of video clips , randomly cut and mixed together with no sense of proper timing or coherence . The result is a jarring experience that is hard to watch . I felt it was giving me a headache.Making matters worse , there was no narration or story flow . Some of the clips had no apparent connection to the subject matter.We made it through about half the film before turning it off.Its a shame that such fascinating subject matter was treated with such carelessness.Seriously , this is the worst documentary ever made .
 First let me say that the Shulgins get 5 stars for their lives and all the goodness Sasha has brought into the world . He is a brilliant scientist with the best kind of creative inquiring mind - the kind of person so desperately needed in our messed up world . I am thankful this film was made , as it gives a glimpse into their realm that one might not ever be able to have without the benefit of video.But then I have to say that the documentary is pretty weak . There is not much content , just a rambling walk through their homestead . The scenes seem very random and unconnected . Many times I was wondering if they had just left the camera on by mistake . But surely the editor would have picked the best stuff ... So I am left to conclude that the film was not edited . Just a bunch of footage assembled with no real plan or narrative . Footage from Burning Man , from the Chapel of Sacred Mirrors , some of a raid on their lab which never gets explained . Lots of side stories and interviews with others in the field of psychopharmacology and neuroscience . Some of that is interesting and some of it is a waste of time . Watching the one guy play bad guitar in his garage while he tells you he has never taken psychedelics was the minus three point for me.Still , there are some redeeming moments . I 'm trying to tell myself that the director was French , and so it has a European feel to it - an art film . Not sure if I 'll be able to convince myself of this or not . If you are really into the whole altered states scene and the people who are behind the powders and pills , you should check this out . If you are looking for a great documentary film which follows the typical biographical narrative with concise interviews and cool images set to music and such , this will leave you dissappointed .
 Dumb , terrible film obviously deserved the 5 year shelve-away because of the poor acting , poor editing , poor direction , poor script ... basically , poor everything . The plot , or what little there is , is the story of a retarded boy who was burnt to death two years ago at Camp Paradise and has been summoned up from the dead by his sister to kill all her friends , who she felt were responsible for her brother 's death . Sound familiar ? This film is so incredibly bad that when I watched it with two of my cousins , we cried laughing so hard . This is one of the cheapest -LRB- if the not the cheapest -RRB- slasher flick of all time . It 's the first movie that I 've ever seen that has a full grown man screaming like a small toddler girl ! Also , why is this movie so incredibly 80 's as compared to other slasher movies ? Everyone has a mullet or some kind of bad hair , and they all drive the same , beat-up car ! Excellent for a stomach-contracting laugh , but terrible for a decent scare .
 Such a waste ; what potential this strong cast had . I dunno if it was direction or acting that went sour . And there were more holes in this story than Swiss cheese ... SPOILER -LRB- below -RRB- : it 's said that if someone knows just one person , that link would make a mutual connection to the entire world -- wellll , they sure stretch that coincidence hard to unbelievable lengths in this movie.The accountant AND banker work for the same two mobs ? who do n't know that until the end ? The accountant 's daughter 's got the hots for ` our hero ' ? who does n't know ANY of these guys?Here 's three big holes to ponder , just off the top of my head1 -RRB- the ` Guineas ' come in , acknowledge the cop guarding the hospital patient and in the patient 's presence with the door open , they tell the cop they 're gon na rough up the patient ... and the patient is threatened and ` manhandled ' , but he does n't tell the FBI , his next immediate visitors , that the cop 's on the mob payroll ? You 'd think if you were so afraid that you had a cop on the door , ya might wan na be sure he 'd at least pretend to protect ya .2 -RRB- Ice-T kills the only man who controls his money -- the accountant -- before he finds out where the accountant hid his money ? T knows the accountant skimmed 100G 's , but he does n't worry about the 200G 's cash the accountant supposedly has stashed for him , he just blows it off , and assumes his banker will come up with a million $ $ ? 3 -RRB- Who do YOU know who 'd sign for a million $ $ in a bank and not even look to see if it 's money and not bricks -LRB- or in this case , phone books -RRB- that have been packed in a briefcase?It 's not like this is a Chinese puzzle -- I wondered these things aloud as they occurred on the screen ... and here 's one more stinker -- couriers get ambushed for the counterfeit plates . They and the team that assault them ALL have machine guns . The FBI tries to intervene . Everyone 's shooting at everyone , 3 guys completely protected by a Chevy Van 's door -LRB- musta been the glass -RRB- . And NOBODY on this duty -- courier , thief , nor FBI agent thought to wear a Kevlar vest ?? ARGH . Sorry , I 'm on a roll ... the accountant squeals to DennisH , but does n't negotiate for the 100G 's to cover his `` losses '' ? France 's ` problem-solver ' is so sentimental he lets our hero just walk out ... right ... he 's goose-stepped through everyone else , following the trail to the plates , but our hero * might * have a girl friend , so we better let him go . . Damn , somebody open a window , and air this stinker out ...
 Jesus ' Son -LRB- Alison MacLean , 1999 -RRB- I do n't like Billy Crudup . I 've never been overly fond of Samantha Morton . And I have yet to see a Jack Black movie that did n't make me want to claw my eyes out . So what on Earth possessed me to think that there would be any chance at all that I 'd like Alison MacLean 's Jesus ' Son , which features all three of them , along with a host of cameos -LRB- most of which , actually , are from actors well worth watching -RRB- ? I 'm not sure , but I should have known better.Crudup plays -LSB- censored -RSB- -LRB- yes , that 's the name we know him by the movie -RRB- , who gets involved with Michelle -LRB- Morton -RRB- , and the story -LRB- using the term loosely -RRB- follows the two of them through the ups and downs of their relationship . Neither is a very likeable character ; in fact , the both of them are rather disgusting throughout . Michelle gets -LSB- him -RSB- involved with drugs , and , since that 's the way it absolutely must happen in Hollywood , -LSB- he -RSB- gets hooked and immediately begins a life of crime , then the two try to clean up their act when Michelle becomes pregnant , then we finally circle back to the opening scene , where -LSB- he -RSB- is hitchhiking his way across the country to track down a lead on Michelle ... yeah , it 's kind of complicated , more so because it 's told in impressionist fashion . Minor characters come and go from the script with nary a wave or a nod ; we 're simply on to the next story . The end , I assume , is supposed to be an ambiguous attempt at redemption , but by the time we 've gone through two hours of being around these rather braindead characters , can we trust anyone ? More importantly , do we care ? **
 That line from the film kind of sums up what was going through my mind while watching this snorefest . Okay , maybe snorefest is a bit harsh , but I will admit that I dozed off for a few minutes and definitely day-dreamed through at least a third of the film . I 'm all for movies that remain somewhat plotless but explore more or less human interaction , but ` Jesus ' Son ' was one of those films that did n't explore much of anything . Honestly if it were n't for Samantha Morton 's wonderful performance I may have deemed this a pointless waste of my afternoon , but her performance alone made me happy to have at least sat through this once . Billy Crudup was terrible here . He has done much better in other films but here he just came off amateur.As the nameless narrator Crudup gives us sequences of events that try and tell us who he is as a person but fail miserably to do so . We see him meet and fall in love with Michelle -LRB- Morton -RRB- and then watch them fail to clean up -LRB- their drug use -RRB- . We watch him pop pills with Georgie -LRB- Black in a scene stealing role -RRB- who works as an orderly at the hospital our hero -LRB- should I call him that -RRB- works in . We see him kill some baby rabbits and peep on the Amish woman who lives near him . The problem is that none of these scenes , none of these events really establish any ground or make us care one bit for our narrator -LRB- well , I say ` us ' but I mean ` me ' ... they did n't make me care about him at all -RRB- . The acting on the parts of Morton , Black and Hunter are great but they are not enough to elevate this movie beyond a one time regret .
 Just what I need to waste two hours of my life . A movie about a slacker who uses drugs . And it 's not the drug part that irritates me , it 's the slacker part . This movie is the adventures of a guy in the early 70 's who basically just drifts . He encounters girls , drugs , a stab at a family life , more drugs , rehab , more girls , and well , you watch it and tell me . I 'd say a fair assumption of a movie is that while you do n't have to care FOR the characters in it , you should at least care what happens to him . `` Bugsy '' may not have been a good guy , but you did want to see how that movie ended.With this movie , there is no such caring . The character is not a bad guy . He 's fairly friendly an amiable . But to tell you the truth , I 'd rather have Bugsy over for dinner in the presence of my children than the hero of this movie . At least Bugsy had drive and ambition , which can be channeled positively . But it would be a greater sin to have my kids grow up to be someone who aimlessly just drains society.You want to see a good movie about drug users ? Try `` Drugstore Cowboy '' . These folks may have not had a good lifestyle , but darn it , they worked HARD to keep that lifestyle up.The only reason this movie gets two stars from me is the cameo by Jack Black . The guy just lights up the screen with energy with every movie he 's in , and I 'd actually watch a movie just because he 's in it .
 I 'll start off by saying this is a biased review . I have read the book three times and I absolutely love it . The low rating is because I , perhaps unfairly , am judging the movie against the book . Characters and events are switched around in a way that seems to try making an ordered sense out of the disjointed narrative flow of the book . But I think the disrupted , jump-around style is essential to the FEEL of the book . And I think that 's my biggest complaint about the movie . It did n't have the same feel , the same tone , the same mood , as I thought the book had . To produce a movie by the same name and based on -LRB- roughly -RRB- the same story implies an obligation to faithfully represent the book and it 's vision.As a stand alone movie , perhaps it might be tolerable , but i 'm not sure about that . I had to shut it off after about 45 minutes so I did n't ruin the book for myself . Based on the little that i saw of the movie , you 'd be better off with the book anyway
 I 'm not really sure what to say here.Now , I have not read the short stories that inspired this film so I am not approaching this like a ` Jesus ' Son ' loyalist . I 'm approaching this as a movie-goer who likes to formulate his own opinions and share them with the public.I expected to love this movie . The reason for that is that , as a rule , I am all for this brand of self discovery and or character development . I am far more interested in the human dynamic within film as apposed to a cut and dry plot I can follow . So , the whole disjointed , vignette approach taken here was not a bother to me nor was it something I was wary about . I was thrilled to see it being used and was really hoping to dive right into it . Couple that with the fact that it stars Samantha Morton , who is like a goddess , and you have me waiting patiently on my couch for this experience to unveil itself.Alas , I was hugely disappointed.The film has no plot but instead merely follows around our nameless narrator as we dives in and out of relationships -LRB- well one real relationship and a few acquaintances -RRB- on a journey of semi-self discovery . These are presented to us in a series of sequences that are supposed to reveal some deep meaningful existence here but instead prove to be somewhat empty and unnecessary . Instead of feeling connected and or even interested in our protagonist , we find ourselves -LRB- or I should say that I found myself -RRB- completely detached and rather bored with him . I could care less what he does or who he does it with because he means nothing to me.It does n't help that Billy Crudup does n't have the talent to convey this character properly.I recently -LRB- when speaking of ` Angels and Insects ' and Kristin Scott Thomas 's flawless performance within it -RRB- told a friend that I hate recommending a bad film based on the sole performance by an actor or actress that they really should see . That said , you really need to see what Samantha Morton does here . She gives , easily , one of my favorite supporting performances of the decade . There is such natural earnest honesty in her performance , and it is layered perfectly . I could care less about our nameless narrator , but I wanted so badly to console and or understand Michelle . Morton 's portrayal of this ravaged soul was so heartfelt it pained me to see her wasted on this misguided film.I understand that this film is about drug use and that this film tries to portray the reality of it all , but it just does n't really do that well.Like one reviewer stated -LRB- w/w -RRB- ; `` I thought about mermaids . ''
 I wanted to watch this movie strictly on the basis of Billy Crudup 's starring role . I will never understand why this man did not become a major star . He is gorgeous , extremely versatile , can be endearing in a way few actors can , is able to convey both joy and pain flawlessly . He simply glows on screen with an unmatched elemental charisma . He immediately pulled me into this story which I believed would be a mesmerizing , realistic character study of a man who hits bottom and rises slowly but surely up into a decent life . I thought we would get a front row seat to his fascinating evolution.Instead the movie effects a kind of quirky , jerky ambiance which seems to strive to shock more than tell a story . We never really understand who the protagonist is , why he is the way he is , why he does what he does . We never see him reach the end of his rope , never get to witness the key to his transformation . The supporting characters are really caricatures ; there is a lot of nonsense squeezed in between the grim scenes of drugs , violence and an abortion.Too much is confusing and unexplained -- who is the man for instance who enters the apartment while Denis Leary is dying of a drug overdose ? Why does he enter and leave so quickly ? What happened to the big man at the beginning of the film who runs into the signpost ? What were the circumstances revolving around the man who gets shot ? What happened to the protagonist 's green volkswagen , how do the lead characters reconcile after she throws him out and steals a car ? How does his rescuing of the baby after the car crash impact on him , why do n't we get to see some interaction between him and the survivors?We never get to see him decide to enter rehab or how he gets to work at the nursing home . We never find out what , if anything , will really develop between the protagonist and Holly Hunter 's character . What was going on between the Amish -LRB- Mennonite ? -RRB- man and his wife ? His and Holly 's conversation at the diner where she talks about a dead string of husbands and lovers just seems foolish , contrived , far-fetched . How much more meaning ful if they had had a conversation about each other , asking questions , revealing bits of their souls . The wholeportrayal of the emergency room and the nursing home were like bad sitcom scenes , tooridiculous to take seriously.I DO understand that the movie was SUPPOSED to be strange , off-beat , surreal but that 's not what I wanted . I wanted a straight-shooting , realistic , enthralling , story of a man who reaches the end of his rope and poignantly , thoughtfully , courageously finds a way to hold on .
 I had a problem with this film . The film is based on short stories by Denis Johnson . The movie should have been more shorts with different characters . The flow of it makes you lose characters you grow accustomed to , the drugged out hospital orderly , the AA woman etc , even the Amish women he is involved with in his own way does n't really evolve the way it should . There are many classic and memorable scenes to enjoy . The ER scene where the two characters get wacked on hospital drugs then have to deal with an emergency is extremely well done . The rest is a mixed bag , shaken not stirred of drug abuse , death and perhaps redumption . I 'm sure the book of the same name is a much more valuable purchase .
 ELP is MY group ... yet , the production itself just makes me cringe . As a matter of fact , I sold it after watching it . Here 's the deal - there is a whole lot of footage that was done back in the ` acid-days ' , when the film makers were tripping , and figured everyone watching was gon na be tripping , too . It 's NOT the subjects that is that 's the problem -LRB- it 's the messenger -RRB- . The producers of the DVD do n't even have it together enough to spell-check the cover-art for the DVD case ... they keep referencing ` Mike ' ... what they mean is ` mic ' , as in microphone . -LRB- dufus -RRB- Well ... in this case , it IS a pretty good clue as to what to expect.Save your money . Instead , DO buy ELP `` Beyond the Beginning '' . It has many of the same cuts , concerts , etc. , but not nearly as many of the ones that would make you cringe as an ELP fan . Plus , ` BTB ' has stuff like The California Jam , complete with the ` flying piano ' footage . That particular concert is special for me because exactly one week to the day before , I saw ELP in Memphis , where I sat ' 4th row center ' . Actually , the Memphis show was better than the C-Jam ... -LRB- I have it on cassette -RRB- . Back to this DVD ... . I am a modular synth player , and was quite disappointed that because of the stupid ` acid-crazed ' hokey production ... you ca n't really even see any good close-ups of the equipment . I wonder why the credits do n't give full names ... almost as if they were too embarrassed .
 Take a look at the product artwork on the cover - they 've even packaged this in a color that will detract attention from the RED wash that is evident in the still pics & that permeates this footage with virtually all other colors missing.I think this might 've even been better in B&W. ; They 've remastered the the sound , but done nothing with the depessing dark RED picture . Over-priced too .
 I felt that the movie was low budget and did not have a realistic plot . The movie did not keep my attention and I did not watch the whole thing . It was a waste of money .
 This movie is about some guy who has a one night stand . He owns up his betrayal , to his then , supposed to be future wife . In his guilt he tells her that maybe she should date other people , not thinking that she would actually have the nerve to do it . Boy was he wrong . I 'll admit that after I started to become aware of what type of movie this was and how much it stunk , I `` flipped '' through the chapters . This movie showcases infidelity and sexually immoral behavior . This movie should not only be offensive to just African Americans , but to anyone who has a thread of descency or family values .
 I was one of the real-life hostages , so I bought the movie as soon as I heard about it . I knew it was a made for TV movie , so I was n't expecting Oscar quality . I realize this is only `` based on '' a true story , so they have some artistic license , but they definitely did not capture the mood of the real-life events . It is much more like a mash up of the real event and a 12 year old 's pizza party , which I found insulting . We did crack jokes and try to lighten the mood , but that is something you have to do in order to deal with having a gun pointed at you all the time . I blame the direction . All of that aside , the movie was interesting to watch , even as a watered-down version of the events and I think it would be a good conversation starter for parents and their children . I also give Henry Winkler a hair comb and two thumbs up . `` ehhhhh ''
 This video comes at the issue of occultism from a strictly Christian perspective . While I will concede that the film makers mixed in some factual information with their profoundly biased critiques , I must warn viewers that the video is NOT an unbiased -LRB- or even terribly informative -RRB- documentary . You will find a few interesting comments and clips interspersed throughout , but nothing more.Those of you who are fans of well made documentaries should know that the ethics of proper reporting were not maintained during the production of this video . So , if you seek good , informative , information then you should look elsewhere . If , on the other hand , you are a christian person who wants information on the occult from a strictly christian -LRB- and opinion based -RRB- perspective , then you have found a perfect match .
 This video is one of the worst excuses for a narrative on Cults that I have ever seen , period . Buy the book , it 's ten times better !
 All lies !! First off Wicca is a recognized religion by our government , it 's not some scary Satanic organization as lead to believe by Christians . Wiccans or Witches if you prefer are not Christian , nor claim to be , yet Christian dieties are attached to them by Christians . Satan is a Christian diety.Second , Mike Warnke has been proven to be a liar , too bad people are still believing him . Have you read his book ? It 's a joke . Crazy thing is , Christians are that gullible . They 've handed millions of dollars over if not to him , his publishers and his record company , because they bought into the lie.Think for youselves people . Do some research .
 Cheap production values , hokey plotting & dialogue , and weak actor in the lead undercut efforts of a talented but poorly used supporting cast .
 This is a treu original mystery , best descried like one long twilight-zone mystery than a horror film . It plays with your mind and has less `` shock '' factor , as normal in films of the horror genere .
 Do n't bother watching this one unless you are really bored . The movie starts off good and then falls into a very tried formula and does n't come close to a strong finish . Skip this one .
 TRIANGLE is one of those movies I can take or leave . It tries very hard to be original in plot but ultimately fails to really impress me . The `` time paradox '' or `` time loop '' is decent enough , but the film really does not scare or move me . I have to lump it into that group of films which I 'm not sure I 'm glad to have seen or not . I will give the film credit for all the reflection shots of the main character . Seeing her as double or even triple images really foreshadows the film . The acting was reasonably solid for the most part , but the story itself seemed to hopelessly grind on to the end .
 This film 's only virtue is the cute main character with the shorty shorts . Uninspired story . The only clever thing about it is they were able to make it cheaply by running the same footage , same scenes , over and over as if it 's a mind-bender when , in fact , it is an ineffective gimmick for anything other than making a film cheaply . Save your time and do n't watch this film .
 I stuck it out for the entire movie hoping something in how it ended would make it worth watching the same scene play over and over again too many times . This was one of the most boring and meaningless movies I have ever seen . The last part is slightly more informative than the earlier repeats , so if you decide to watch this movie , save yourself and fast forward when the same events start happening a 2nd time , and go to about 10 or 15 minutes from the end and watch from there . You will miss nothing important and maybe you can make sense of it -- I could n't .
 If you are the type of person that wants to feel good about yourself by making up some kind of meaning to this useless movie so that you feel smart , then you might like it . If you are the type of person who enjoys a movie because the writers actually wrote something worthwhile , look elsewhere .
 It took me a while to figure out what the movie was about . First of all I found it was too slow and needed more editing . I finally realized that she was in hell and doomed to live the same day over and over again . Still did n't make the movie great and wish it had been a real Bermuda Triangle movie .
 This movie tries to do the same thing that Timecrimes did , by showing what would happen if you got stuck in a time paradox but it does n't do it as well . If you want to see it done right , see Timecrimes instead . That 's a five star film .
 this is my first amazon review , and i am writing because this movie is horrible !!! i tried to believe all the the positive reviews , but it was awful . i love psychological movies ... but this was just groundhog day with a horrible plot and no ending and leaves you wishing you had watched dora the explorer instead . seriously . i have never reviewed an item and i am telling you i threw aside my laziness just to save you from this movie . everyone who thought it was good has never seen a real film or is crazy !! DO NOT WATCH IT !!
 Allowing for the possibility that I am just too dense to understand it , this seems as pointless as it is boring . With the same repetitive scenes that make little if any point the first time , any more than the rest . Certainly not plausible , even for fiction , this is bizarre film of a crew that takes a cruise on a small boat , capsizes in the Bermuda Triangle , its passengers rescued by a passenger ship without passengers or crew . One of the woman keeps reappearing , after being killed over and over again , frequently by herself -LRB- a double , triple , etc. -RRB- I watched this my wife who agreed with this . Even the genre is not clear -- not exactly a horror film ; certainly not a mystery , except for the mystery of why it was even made . Do n't waste your time or money .
 The story plot of this movie sucked . It started going on a boat trip it ended going back on the same boat trip . She was in this time still world that she kept re-livin . The question is WHY . The movie did not give a reason . What happened to make her go into this state . It started in the time still state and ended the same way . I will never watch this movie again . I gave it one star because that is lowest grade I can go .
 This movie was so bad . Despite any lack of credibility on my part , take it or leave it , I ca n't in any form of the word consider this movie the slightest bit original , and at no point riveting . My compatriot and life partner both highly agree that any money spent in purchasing/renting this movie as well as time is very much wasted as if someone stared at a box of quaker oatmeal all day . Frankly i do n't even think this movie deserves a review but I considered it my duty as an American citizen to let consumers know in this ever recessing economy to use their day and income a bit more wisely than I did today . Well ... Enjoy !
 DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE !! yOU WILl WaNT YoUR MONeY BACk AnD yOUR TIMe . Please take my advice I stopped watching after the 78 minute mark and I skipped to the end . It does not make any sense like other reviewers have said and its basically like watching the same movie over and over and over . Good thing I did n't pay any money on this vulgar trash its not worth 2 cents of anyone 's hard earned cash . AVOID AT ALL COSTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this movie is so bad it will make you mad that you spent so much time watching it.this is one of those movies where about half way through you smell the ending . there is no real sense to anything that happens since nothing is explained.who are the people who leave good reviews for garbage like this ? the actors do a decent job of it but it wouldnt matter either way.this is the worst movie i have ever seen . please dont waste your time .
 The movie kept getting stuck . It was so annoying to watch . The movie itself was okay . I do n't know if its just me , but I did n't get the ending . I do n't wan na spoil it . I had to think about it , but it just did n't make any sense . The peices do n't fall together as they should .
 The movie was kind of low budget and more like a college film class movie/project than anything . Some disconnects in it where the story did n't make sense . The overall concept was interesting , using greek myth to drive the theme . B movie when you 're bored .
 I found this movie most frustrating and irritating like Groundhog Day - that must be the most awful way to go on and on and on and on ... in a bizarre way the movie makers accomplished the task of getting the point across ! Not a bad movie , just not my cup of tea !
 This movie actually turned out to be more entertaining than I had thought it would be . Still , I would advise people to see it on cable or rent it , rather than spend money to buy it . It is not a movie worth seeing a second time.The title of this movie `` Triangle '' is misleading . Many people -LRB- myself included -RRB- expected a `` Bermuda Triangle '' type film , and this it definitely is not . Nor is it strictly speaking a time travel movie . The title reflects the name of the boat that the characters are travelling on , and I think they should have changed the name of the movie to avoid confusion . This movie reminded me of nothing so much as an elongated `` twilight zone '' episode . During the film , the viewer thinks that it is both , because at first the main characters are ship wrecked by a very creepy and unnatural storm , and then are saved when they board a strangely deserted old luxury ocean liner that cruses past them . One by one they are killed by a mysterious figure , leaving only the main heroine alive . After she stumbles around , in and out of the endless rooms of the ship , she suddenly finds herself looking over the ships rail seeing -LRB- amazingly -RRB- herself and her friends , standing on their overturned boat -- just as they had been several hours before ! Obviously , the heroine has somehow jumped backward in time -- and maybe has a chance to save everyone , right ? Not exactly.We now follow the heroine through a long and convoluted series of actions which she hopes will allow her to escape the ocean liner . It seems as if she is going through a series of time loops -- repeating the same series of events again and again , trying to get a different outcome . -LRB- rather like the movie Groundhog 's Day , but without the wacky comedy -RRB- But at the same time , there is chilling evidence that she is not exactly experiencing a time loop -- at least not in the way that we are familiar with from science fiction . In several places in the movie , she comes across -LRB- impossible -RRB- physical evidence that she has done this same thing , taken this same path many , many times . One of these points was when she falls and her necklace drops off and it falls through a grating . When she looks through the grating , she sees , in the compartment below , hundreds of copies of her necklace ! I thought that this part was well plotted and very chilling.When the movie was over , basically coming in a full circle to begin again , I was put very much in mind of the old `` Twiligh Zone '' episodes . Close to the movie 's end , we see the heroine after having suffered a terrible car crash . And she is untouched , unharmed , even her hair is not mussed . Even if she has somehow returned back through time , she could not have survived that accident . Is she dead ? If so , it is not the common ghost that we usually see in fiction . She seems to be fully flesh and blood . So what is the explanation?Suppose we are not seeing someone trapped in a linear storyline or a time loop ? Suppose we are viewing the sufferings of a damned soul in hell ? What hell could be worse than to forever relive the most terrible events of your life , trying in vain to change them , over and over and over , forever ? That is something worthy of the devil himself!And why would I think that the heroine might be a damned soul ? Well , we see reasons for it in her actions during the movie . She puts on an act that she is devoted to her small son , but the fact is she abuses the child both physically and mentally . And gives herself all kinds of excuses for it . And she is selfish in the extreme , showing herself to be fully willing to sacrifice others to save herself or serve her own purpose . Even at the end of the movie , when she finds herself once again at the beginning , ready to set sail with her four friends in the `` Triangle '' , she does nothing to try to stop the series of events . She could refuse to get on the boat , stop her friends from going , sabotage the boat , push everybody off the dock into the water , almost anything . But she does n't . I know people may say it was because she wanted to take the chance that this time around she could change things , and make her son alive again -LRB- her son having been killed in the car crash -RRB- but I do n't buy that explanation . What about the four other innocent people , supposedly her friends ? She shows indifference to their suffering , their dying . She lacks a core of humanity , and again is selfish . She wants her own way , even though it means her friends will suffer and die in order to serve her purpose . Her soul is rotten . And the audience may be privy to her punishment.At any rate , that is my take on this movie , although I do not know if that is what the writers or directors considered . You have to stick with the film , even when it seems to get bogged down , and stay through all the convoluted plotting . It turned out to be a lot more interesting than I had expected . But not something that I would see again or buy .
 Drawn out ... . one does not need to see the same thing over and over and over -LRB- albeit ` different ' scenes being replayed -RRB- in order to get the `` concept '' . a good 40mins of wasted effort waiting for some ` development ' to occur . Finally get 's around to ` summarizing ' the concept/plot in the last 20mins . BUT again , relies on ` repetition ' to carry the point . Nice/interesting concept , but could use a more creative method ; instead of ` delivery ' by repetition .
 Boring !! was n't expecting watching same scenes over and over ! Next time I will pay attention what I am buying . Comparing to any other movies I would not recommend this movie .
 This was a huge wasteof time . Wow . Read reviews before i wztched andpeop.e seemed to like this movie . Awful this moviegoes nowhere . Booo
 Seriously ???? This movie was jacked up ! Like a Ground Hogs Day only worse . . way worse . I ca n't even explain how bad this movie is . Some of you people rated this 4 and 5 stars ??? What the hell are you smoking and PLEASE send some my way so I can watch this movie again and see is it gets any better !
 Groundhog day without the humor and heart . I watched it to the end to see if it would somehow become worthwhile ; alas no . I felt like I watched the same movie over and over , ridiculous . Guess it 's true that you get what you pay for , thank God Amazon Prime let me watch it for free , they should hav e paid me to watch it ; what a waste of time . Endless .
 I rented this off iTunes , and I wish I did n't . It 's your basic time-loop flick . The acting sucked , writing sucked . The best part of the film was the 30 seconds of CG weather . Do n't waste your money .
 The plot for this film is completely contrived . The entire plot relies on itself for advancement and framework , and does n't follow any sort of universal logic or boundaries.If you 're a fan of mindless suspense , then you might enjoy this film , but if you expect your movies to provide you with a believable framework , do n't bother.The plot to this film is so outlandish and so poorly explained that it made it completely unenjoyable for me.You basically figure out the entire scope of the movie within the first 30 minutes and then just watch what you predict unfold before your eyes in it 's painfully contrived and cliche form.Save your time and watch a different movie . This one is not worthy of your time .
 While i 'm sure this movie has some appeal to a certain crowd it is in the end a frustrating repetition of morbid irony ... So enjoy .
 This was the most agonizingly boring movie I 've ever seen . I kept hoping it was going to get better but it was not to be . Do n't bother .
 this is an awful movie . around the 50 minute mark it started to give me a headache . the same actions are repeated over and over again with no explanations -LRB- or a lick of sense -RRB- . finally -LRB- and inexplicably -RRB- the movie seems to end then start all over again . which i guess is the movie 's point , HELL -LRB- or maybe life -RRB- is a bad movie on a loop . melissa george 's good looks and ragged shirt are the movie 's only redeeming features .
 What the hell ? Weird and beyond disturbing . I had trouble figuring this one out . Did n't care for this one at all .
 I do n't want to ruin the movie by revealing the plot , so all I can say is that if you get annoyed when a movie has large holes in logic , you might prefer to watch a different movie . Still , if you do n't think too deeply about the basic premise of the plot it is an ok movie .
 What 's keeping me from giving this movie 1 star is the assumption that Christopher Smith 's film is simply a drawn-out , exaggerated metaphor for a young mother who continually finds herself trapped by the cycle of abuse that passes from parent to child , from one generation to the next . That would be about the only saving grace that I can attribute to this movie which , if not extended that benefit of doubt , would be a complete and utter mess of abstract nonsense with absolutely no tethers to explanation or common sense.It 's great when a movie throws you more curves and plot twists than a single viewing can be used to comprehend ; Memento , Shutter Island , Inception for a few examples . It 's frustrating when a director gives you an open-ended disarray of contradictory plot movements and ` what the fu . . ' moments and then never bother to even attempt an explanation . You 're just suppose to go with it , reason be damned . Well , that 's just not good enough.Triangle wants desperately to be something provocative and intellectually challenging , forcing the viewer to question what 's happening onscreen both during and after the film plays out . Problem is , the whole idea behind it is so incredibly stupid it begins numbing your brain not long after the first few questions arrive . Instead of drawing you in and making you care about the story with interesting dialog and cleverly constructed plot twists , the script actually pushes you away through it 's own impenetrability . It makes no sense and three quarters of the way through , you no longer care anyway.Don ' t listen to the 5 star reviews , or ones that proclaim they understand this movie . It does n't deserve 5 stars and , other than Christopher Smith himself , there 's no one that really understands it .
 Not impressed , slow moving and not a plot I was happy to watch . Expected something more exciting , but fell far short in my opinion .
 I found I was drawn into the movie and the mysterious story line the longer it went . And actually I thought it was an excellent mind twisting plot , very well acted , and very well directed . But that was the problem . Just when I was ready for the ` cycle ' to be broken and for the movie to come to conclusion , there was n't a conclusion ! It just started over again . Many folks can overlook the ending and rate this movie highly , but I ca n't forgive the ending and how unfullfilled I felt after watching the movie . The ending was such a let down and completely ruined the enjoyment of the first part of the movie for me and I felt like I had just wasted an hour and a half .
 This movie was horrible . If you enjoy crossword puzzles you make like this movie if your intoxicated . But if you just want straight entertainment select something else . I have no problem with a movie challenging me as a viewer , but it repeated the same scenes several times and still did not provide a solution to the main character 's problem . For a suspense/horror this movie was a straight H.A.M. -LRB- Hot A$ $ Mess -RRB- .
 I freakin wasted my precious time watching this movie ugh!I stuck to almost the end because I was hoping it would get interesting in the end but NOPE ! Im still mad at myself . I could 've watched something else . As a bored mother of a newborn I am mad I wasted my time on this . I hardly get to watch a movie since my daughter was born and when I found one I just wasted it on this . I felt like I will go nuts watching the same scene over and over and over smdhAnd oh I am using my fiancee 's account hence the guys name ; -RRB-
 Do n't waste your time watching this movie . It goes around and around in circles to no where . This movie tries to do what classics like the Fog did so well but it failed miserably so find something better to do with your time .
 This movie is horrible . I find it unreal that this movie would have four stars and soem of the reviews of people actually like this . IF you like the same scene 5 time over and over and over . And your mind is warped and like wasting your time . This movie should been shown to prisoners of war over and over . They will soon reveal anything you want . The director is lucky they cant ban you from making movies . IF that would to happen he can always work at that place in cuba where detinees are.Sucks sucks sucks sucks.DOnt waste your time . Amazon needs to put better movies on if they wanting peopel to pay 70 a year
 In general , I love to watch any horror movies that involve the Bermuda Triangle . So when this movie came out , I was really excited to watch it . Like another reviewer on here , I quickly developed a headache that would n't quit , even after the movie had ended.What did n't make sense was how the main female character could have 2 or more versions of herself walking around in the same reality . Nor did she ever once get everyone together in the same room , including the clone of herself , and try to figure this out . She spent more time running around the freaking ship than she did actually talking to anybody . And finally , no explanation is ever given as to how or why she got herself caught up in this in the first place . No explanation in why the ship is out there , nor why she keeps repeating the day/events over and over again . Why was it necessary to kill everyone ? They just never explained a lot of things , and by the end of the movie , I just wanted to trash it.Frankly , I was more upset with the main character 's stupidity throughout the whole movie than anything else . She kept acting like she was zoned out , and that was before anything weird had happened . If she did n't have her memory of the events when she first stepped onto the boat at the beginning of the movie , why is she zoned out?Take my advice . Do n't waste your money .
 The plot and acting for this movie are terrible . The conclusion does n't make any sense . I watched this movie because of the positive reviews . After watching the movie , I wonder if the positive reviewers were paid to review this movie . It is very frusterating to watch because the main character continues to make the same mistakes over and over again . The ending brings no closure . Spoiler
 Told the wrong way , this movie is like a joke . No wait . This movie is like a joke , told the wrong way . That pretty much sums up the reason this movie gets one star . It aspires to achieve an amazing effect , but if falls flat . The problem is with the mechanics of the script . And to all the viewers out there that left shinning reviews , you should change your name to Jack and lock yourself in a hotel .
 If you actually like intelligence with your horror movie , this is not one for you . Watch Silence of the Lambs , or the first Saw .
 This thing I wo n't even call it a movie . Such a waste of time . Science fiction groundhog day with no resolution . Unoriginal , stupid , what can I say . Please do n't waste your time . Had to give it one star for my review . If I could give it - 5 stars I would .
 This movie was really terrible . The same thing keeps happening over and over again , until the end , where the whole thing starts again . Stupid !
 It is quite a shame that they have such world class martial artists and they waste the talent . Let 's start off with the DVD itself . The menu does n't work and you have have to go through each section to reach the section you want . As to its contents , it is more of a demonstration and actual instructional . What you get in this dvd is multiple demonstrations of the xing yi sword by various performers . There is no narration about the fine points of movement , nor is there any slow motion . For anyone with no prior background it would be a complete waste . For anyone with background and hoping to learn more , it would not provide any pointers that will improve one 's learning . Although marketed as an instructional dvd is is merely a demonstration . Honestly , you will be much better off buying a dvd or vcd from china on the same topic with english subtitles . They are more detailed in presenting each action , they will break it down and point out the subtleties . Plus you more than likely pay much less -LRB- 10 $ and more -RRB- . All in all , it is quite a disappointment and you will do much better with other dvds from china that are out there . Quite a waste of the talent of the performers .
 Taking into consideration that the film is a classic , what i was rather angry about was the absence of the ` viewer ' that was supposed to be included with the dvd . I am inclined to return the dvd to Amazon.com , and suggest those who may want to purchase this dvd to not do so for the reason that i did not get what i paid for .
 I ordered the DVD from Amazon based on the description given . The DVD I received did not contain the original version of the film , as was advertised , only the black & white version . This quote is from the Amazon.com description ; `` This DVD does not provide a working replica of the Illusion-O viewer -LRB- earlier copies did -RRB- , but it offers both a straight , black-and-white version of the feature -LRB- no viewer necessary -RRB- and a version with the film 's original tinted scenes requiring the viewer for extra fun . Also included is Castle 's own introduction , in which he explains the Illusion-O technique . -- Tom Keogh '' . I do n't care about the viewer , I 'm interested in the original tinted scenes .
 Some old horror movies are fun -- even if they are not what one would call `` scary '' today . This film , however , emerges as a bit of a bore because it lacks style and suffers from a weak , contrived plot . Moreover , what constituted `` horror '' in the director 's mind in the 1960 's is laughable today . This combination of flaws makes watching this film a chore.Rental only .
 I just received my copy of 13 Ghosts in the mail today & was excited to finally get to view the movie with the Illusion-O Ghost Viewers . Well to my dismay the copy I received is not the advertised version that says it includes BOTH a B&W ; and the Color Tinted Illusion-O version . The copy I received was strictly a B&W ; one sided disc . It did not even have the theatrical introduction from William Castle on how to use the viewers . SO on that fact alone I am giving this 1 star . If you want to watch the no frills , no viewer required standard B&W ; version then this disc would be great for you . This is the 2nd time I 've ordered this item -LRB- once from another company -RRB- & both copies have been the same regardless of the fact that the Product Page/Description states that it is in fact the Illusion-O version . Contacted Amazon & they are sending a replacement disc to see if that will be the correct one . * UPDATE 7/10/12 * Just received my replacement copy today , 1 week earlier than expected . To my delight this is the correct copy finally . If you 're looking for the illusion-o copy make sure when you receive your disc -LRB- before you even open it -RRB- that on the back of the cover after the movie description it lists SPECIAL FEATURES . It 'll then list the Illusion-O version . Also , at the very bottom of case it 'll have a little box stating Side A
 Product is advertised as having the viewers included . Too bad that the viewers are only an illusion . Do n't be like me and order this DVD solely for the Illusion-O effect . The other problem with this DVD is that the `` A '' side is supposed to be the Illusion-O presented side with the `` B '' side being the non-Illusion-O side . Wrong ! It 's flip-flopped . Must have been burned wrong at the company .
 I 've bought two copies of this movie on DVD and each one was missing the ghost viewers . Buyer beware if you buy this DVD ... you may get what you pay for or you may not .
 One star is too high to rate this film . I 'd give it zero stars . This is a very slow moving , boring , turgid film . The setting is during the 1920 's in a dilapidated old hotel , far past it 's prime . Several scenes are truly repulsive - many rooms of the hotel are full of swarms of wild cats , there are rotting body parts full of maggots found in the hotel rooms and the permanent residents of the hotel are comprised of a band of domineering , bossy old biddies . The other hotel residents are in wheelchairs , invalids and pensioners . The Palm Court of the hotel was supposed to be a garden patio bar - but instead is overgrown with wild weeds and overgrown shrubbery.The film is very depressing and has a decayed creepy feeling . The star of the film is a WWI veteran who very poorly acts out the symptoms of battle fatigue/shell shock by squinting every few minutes in a nervous tick . His drippy fiance dies and then he takes up in a very odd , lukewarm courtship with an equally drippy local Irish woman . The plot moves so slowly it is like watching paint dry . I am a big fan of British films and `` art house '' cinema , Merchant/Ivory films - but this is a stinker.The DVD cover falsely advertises Sean Bean in a starring role . He is n't even a co-star , Sean Bean a teensy , tiny role and his first scene is n't even until 90 minutes into the movie . Sean Bean gives a very strong performance as an arrogant yet sexy , British military captain enforcing British colonialism which oppresseses Irish independence/Home Rule . The troop of soldiers he commands are supposed to bring stability , law and order to Dublin , but they wind up exacerbating the situation . In an unsympathetic role , cast as a villian - Sean Bean manages to give a bravura performance in a very bad film . But his part is so small it can not save this film.Unless you are a very hard core , fanatic fan of his work , this DVD is n't worth buying . For Sean Bean fans it might barely be worth watching for the `` Curiousity Factor '' simply to see him when he was an unknown actor at the very height of his early youth before he become an internationally known Hollywood , bankable star.For your money 's worth - you are better off watching Sean Bean in the `` Richard Sharpe '' series , `` Clarissa '' , `` Extremely Dangerous '' `` Lord of the Rings '' `` Bravo Two Zero '' , `` Golden Eye '' even `` Essex Boys '' , which I did n't like because of horrendous , gruesome violence is a better chance to see Sean Bean at his best.The studio/distributors of this film should be forced to change the packaging on the cover of the film . It is false advertising and they are just unethically cashing in on Sean Bean 's international star status to sell a very poor film in which he has a teensy , weensy , tiny role .
 like the other reviewer , I hunted up this DVD as I try to see everything that actor Alan Rickman has been in . Unlike the other reviewer , even Alan could not save this angst ridden foray into melancholy , morose scenery , and melodramatic acting.First off , Rickman fans be forewarned-in the entire 3 part series , Alan is seen in about ten minutes of time . Even with that , I would have been happy to see the always wonderful work of Brian Cox and Kate Nelligan.For the most part the acting WAS above par , but the storyline seemed to bring out high drama in both leads-to the point of laughability . The story itself is one of these dark , maudlin `` classics '' that we 're all supposed to `` get '' , and if not then we must be plebeian . Well , just call me plebe , because watching this was like pulling teeth without anesthetic . By the end , I did not care WHAT happened to Therese or Laurent . They were frankly despicable people who selfishness and depravity were bile raising.I adore period dramas but I 'd rather be hit repeatedly with this DVD than have to watch it again.no stars .
 Joel Hershman 's `` Greenfingers '' , starring the now-famous -LRB- and utterly gorgeous -RRB- Clive Owen and Helen Mirren , is a sweet , cutesy , and utterly empty British romantic comedy . In this forgettable , generic chick-flick , inmates at a British minimum-security prison take up gardening . Initially , they are understandably reluctant to garden . But , get this , gardening ends up changing their lives ! And , after his parole , Owen 's character even commits another crime just so he can go back to prison and garden ! And Mirren 's character is so impressed with the innmates ' gardening that she even has them garden for her ! Wow , where do people get this stuff?Of course , this being a `` romantic comedy '' and all , there is a romance between Owen and Mirren 's daughter that is so incredibly forced , awkward , and contrived that one can not help but cringe as the two actors attempt to gaze lustfully at each other . In addition , peppered throughout are moments of in-your-face sentimentality and supposed `` uplifting moments '' . And none of it works.For all its good intentions , `` Greenfingers '' is as drab and colorless as the cinderblock walls of the inmates ' rooms . It 's all perfectly decent , perfectly inoffensive , and perfectly dull .
 Gardening is actually a sort of an interesting subject for a movie , especially for us in the U.S. where we do n't see it on prime-time television , but this movie is so terrifyingly god-awful that it negates any points for slight originality . And to be fair , you have to wonder if gardening is the only endeavor not yet portrayed on the screen as an unlikely affinity for the downtrodden to raise their station -LRB- all sports have been done , as have art , writing , poetry , and math , Billy Elliot is still on the new release shelves , etc -RRB- . Helen Mirren , who rarely miscues , unfortunately phones in her performance , but even her best would have gone unrewarded in perhaps the worst movie ever made involving prison , gardens , England , people , or hats.Plot summary
 How I wish there were the option of giving this movie no stars . Picture a really bad Tuesday night made-for-television movie , then imagine paying for it . What was most annoying about this picture is that it 's been done before . I am fairly certain that I remembered some of the same footage from one of the 1970 's `` 747 at the bottom of the ocean movies '' -- Airport 1979 , I think it might have been . Bad acting , bad dialogue , unconvincing special effects . I do n't even think you could `` drink this movie good . '' But I think you should buy it , just so you can smash the tape in the middle of the street and keep others from having to suffer through it .
 This movie has the same characters as the show , but it just did n't seem the same . It 's very long , which usually does n't agree with the targeted audience 's short attention span . I did n't find this nearly as enjoyable as the TV show , and my son did n't watch it much while it was playing .
 Perhaps I can stop cackling at the title long enough to write a jerky review ... . nope ... . still cackling !
 When this was first alerted to me , it was supposed to be the Ronald Colman -LRB- 1935 -RRB- A TALE OF TWO CITIES . When it was delivered , it was 1989 BBC.Don ' t waste your time on this one - hold out for the definitive Charles Dickens masterpiece from 1935 .
 Just try sitting through this humdrum , humorless , dramaless lash-up . It is a far , far better thing to rent the 1935 Ronald Colman version . It is a far , better rest you will get while sleeping through this travesty . Masterpiece Theater got the Emperor 's New Clothes instead of A Tale of Two Cities . Madame Defarge as a pin-up model , indeed . Switch her with Miss Pross and you 've got it . Avoid this movie at all costs . 5 stars for putting your English class to sleep , teachers .
 This is probably the most accurate version of `` A Tale Of Two Cities '' but , it 's the worst version to own or watch . Sticking strickly to the plot of the story and historical facts this movie has no spark or passion . It 's an easy out though for the teens to lazy to read the book for English.The movie is extremely long which is part of the problem and the acting is horribly done.I found myself straining to stay awake . The script is something out of the Middle Ages with no modern word adaptations it 's hard to imagine any of the characters are `` real . '' The storyline is straight out the book with no hollywood adaptations this causing part of the problem -- you do n't get any sparks between Lucy and Carton - or dialouge . It focuses more on the war and hardly anything on the romance or passion in the story.All in all this movie in my opinon butchered one of the classic love stories in literature . Tale of Two Cities fans - we know buy the classic it 's always better !
 I dunno about the stand-alone Blu Ray , but the DVD of `` Otis '' has a ton of great extras -LRB- commentary , deleted/alternate scenes/ending , featurette , trailers , etc. -RRB- . This version , however , has no extras whatsoever . I thought the point of Blu Ray was being able to jam more on the disc while maintaining superior picture quality.On the plus side , `` Dr. Giggles '' has never looked better , and this seems to be the only Blu Ray release of that film . Though it 's weird that they 've paired it with a completely unrelated movie made nearly 20 years later.If you 're only interested in the films themselves , you ca n't beat the price . But the lack of extras is irksome .
 Kent Hovind is not a scientist , biologist , or archeologist . He was a Christian school teacher who begain collecting and compiling information and theories about creationism and evolution into a series of lectures and sermons . Some of what he has to say is good , while some is rejected by even creationists . Dr. Hovind is also a believer in conspirarcy theories regarding the UN , the US Government , and 9-11 , and is a tax resister -LRB- which led to his conviction on tax evasion charges -RRB- . While this has little to do with his work on creationism , it does call into question his credibility.If you want to research or study creationism , I recommend that you pass on Dr. Hovind 's work and check out material by organizations like Answers In Genesis and Creation Ministries International . They employ real scientists and are much more reliable sources of creationist material .
 This Movie is an okay film . i found it a little bit boring but interresting . i never knew that a guy Named William Tyndale sacraficed is life so the bible can be Transfered into english . I think it is a very important history story .
 You may like it , I hated it ! Let me tell you why ; the graphics are choppy and blocky . The music is nerve grating and frenetic . The images are very dark on content as well visually . I missed the gracefulness that I 've seen in other DVD of this type and I had to fast forward through most of it as it was giving me one heck of a headache . As I said I hated it , but you must decide for yourself if it is more to your taste . I hope I made it clear why I did n't like so that those of you who enjoy frenetic music and its kind will explore it further , and you who are looking for floating gleefulness and soothing music will Stay Away ! DJ
 When Soft Image was a novelty and 3D construction a really defying task for computers and designers , this work could be considered a reference . It has gone old though . Once the techniques used in the animation are not so complex anymore , some of then are features of today 3d softwares , some so simple that even my young daughter masters , the animation gets very boring and naive looking at some point . Music is not so good to be worth the whole work . Even so , the authors deserve their merit .
 First , let 's get the negative aspects of this DVD out of the way
 The reason I gave this DVD only 2 stars were for the audio and picture quality which are SUPERB , but there are way too many crowd shots . The guys who filmed/edited this concert must not have been music fans . The most annoying shots are when Rik 's singing a chorus and they zoom in on a fan . So , all you see is a fan singing and pumping her fist and they stay on her for 7-10 seconds . And they do this throughout the show . There 's another song where Rik is about to rip into a solo and they instead zoom in on the crowd ! Another drawback is Triumph do n't play any songs from ` Never Surrender ' , yet they play a cover of `` Rocky Mountain Way '' ??? What for?Triumph 's attire for the show was an eyesore , especially the outfits that Mike and Rik wore . I 'm hoping Triumph release this on CD . It 's a great concert sound wise . If they would have filmed with more concentration on the band rather the crowd , this DVD would be worth 5 stars .
 i was so glad that i did n't pay a dime to watch this horrible series , because i borrowed it from the library . but even without paying , i quit after the 1st disk . i 've tried to watch the second one , but simply could n't tolerate it . it 's a torture . just a bunch bureaucrats tried to bully each other with arrogant poker faces with a small chain-smoking softies coded themselves ` the sandbaggers ' , sitting around in a shabby room , ` yes , sir ' this , ` yes , sir ' that to their long faced superior , an often frustrated and helpless bureaucrat , who was trying so hard to keep his small organization survived the shovel or blames from other british powerhouses . a pathetic series tried to cash in the cold war era . there 's little actions but occassionally similar deserted and barren landscape telling you that 's the border to the russian territory . one or two so-called ` sandbaggers ' , most of them were not fit for fieldwork at all , occassionally running in this area tried to escape the chase of some russian border patrols . mucho jargons threw around in the series , cia this , mi5 that , foreign office this , kgb that , you name it . this is not about the cold war between the russia and the west allies or natos , or the spy , the espionage , but the cold wars between the british bureaucracies , tried very hard to ` sandbagged ' one another , blamed the failures , the $ $ $ $ ups to others . there 's nothing worth watching in it at all . i just wonder how could some guys would claim this is the greatest spy series ever made . try to read some of the great titled books amazon.com offered instead : ` there 's no spy ' , ` the spy who got away ' , ` the last spy ' , at least there might have certain spies in them , not just ` pencil pushers ' or ` bean counters ' those field agents usually called their supereiors -LRB- of course , not in their faces -RRB- . i rest my case .
 Totally ruined by the lack of Close Captioning . When will the Brititish learn ?
 Me and my wife -LRB- newly wed -RRB- were given this as a wedding present at my wife 's bridal shower . We thought that it would provide information with respect to enhancing our new found intimacy -LRB- i.e. positions , new ideas etc. -RRB- , a fair assumption given the name of the DVD . We were very sadly disappointed with this series . It was more like a grade 9 sex education video , covering topics like `` what is a condom '' , `` what are the forms of human attraction '' and etc. . Virtually no information on actually having sex , sexual positions or anthing remotely like that . A typical episode features a gaggle of over weight lower class british house fraus sitting around a coffee table discussing penis size and giggling at sex toys , followed up with a group of apparently in-bred cockney drunks at a pub discussing how they feel about penis size or some other such similar topic . A frequently recurring `` sketch '' involves a few recognizable british comedians -LRB- tony robinson being one of them -RRB- dressed as giant penises in military uniforms `` humourously '' discussing a sexual topice . Absolute junk.Bottom line
 This is the worst video purchase I have EVER made . I truly wasted by money ! It was not even the least bit informative or entertaining . Although I would love to get my money back , I know it is utterly impossible . I would not recommend that anyone ever buy this mess . Thanks a lot .
 Kent Hovind is not a scientist , biologist , or archeologist . He was a Christian school teacher who begain collecting and compiling information and theories about creationism and evolution into a series of lectures and sermons . Some of what he has to say is good , while some is rejected by even creationists . Dr. Hovind is also a believer in conspirarcy theories regarding the UN , the US Government , and 9-11 , and is a tax resister -LRB- which led to his conviction on tax evasion charges -RRB- . While this has little to do with his work on creationism , it does call into question his credibility.If you want to research or study creationism , I recommend that you pass on Dr. Hovind 's work and check out material by organizations like Answers In Genesis and Creation Ministries International . They employ real scientists and are much more reliable sources of creationist material .
 I 'm not sure what Beny is really trying to achieve here . There 's a lot of well done modeling and texturing , as well as nice quality rendering , but then it falls short . The result is something that looks like so many of the demo reels that are received by animation and Hollywood effects houses on a daily basis . Many models are used repeatedly , with texture changes from piece to piece , but as a whole , the disc comes across as a hodge-podge of personal tests and experiments , all striving to show as much of each model from as many points of view as possible . Not that the models are bad -LRB- some are quite good -RRB- , but they 're over-presented and animated without any apparent purpose . There 's also too many scenes of objects merely passing by the camera , or simply rotating to show all angles.If the intention was to revisit the look of early computer graphics , then this does come close at times . In the end though , this comes across as the work of an amateur just getting their feet wet with 3D . Kudos to Beny 's persistance though , since there 's an awful lot of animation here -LRB- and on his other discs -RRB- . Being an animator myself , I know just how much work and render time goes into a project like this.I do n't intend to sound harsh in any way here , and in fact , I encourage Beny to keep it up . Unfortunately , if you 're looking for meaningful , polished animation , I recommend the Mind 's Eye series of videos from Odyssey . These are a great inspiration to many animators , and also serve as good reference for demo reels . This video shows what not to do for a demo reel .
 The Call is set to Carnival music and is simply irritating . The scenes are disturbing -LRB- for example a fly eating someone 's head -RRB- . It is also dull . I was neither entertained nor inspired by this . I would n't watch the video again if someone paid me to view it . It is a shame to get a video and immediately throw it away .
 The animation , while quite detailed in rendering , is extremely wooden in its motion , almost disturbingly robotic.The music , though , ... well , it 's the dreadful `` organ stop '' FM sequencing one would only excuse in a video game . I 've no doubt the composer has some keyboard chops , but the music , compositionally , is rather turgid and monochromatic .
 I was really looking forward to watching this , but when it arrived I just did not enjoy it . Selecter has some great songs `` Missing Words '' , `` 3 Minute Hero '' , `` Too Much Pressure '' , `` On My Radio '' , but this concert either captured the sound very badly , or was just not a very good live performance . Either way , I was sadly disapointed and can not recommend it .
 this documentary is an incredible piece of work.if you are familiar with cuban history , or castro 's era , then you will find that this film is a true relic.unfortunately its in spanish with english subtitles.it deals with famous and not so famous political prisoners.you get to see the paranoid mentality of fidel.how he ca n't stand to have anybody out do him , politically , or ideologically.these ex political prisoners story is a glimpse into the disgusting way the cuban government deals with anybody out of step with socialism.you have to read a lot of books on political prisoners of cuba to truly understand what these guys are describing.armando valladares served 22 years in prisons throughout cuba the hell that he went through is unimaginable.he is just one example , just like huber matos , that rejected this system and throughout the 20 or 22 years that they seved this very same system could n't break them.lets be open minded.castro did do some things that were very good , but his psychosis got the better of him and eventually released the animal that he is known for.power is very hard to handle , this is just one example .
 I felt more sympathetic toward the hookers and sex workers in Km .0 and the porn folks in Fluffer than I did with these sad , scheming , nasty theives.They basically drive their uncapable third partner to suicide by being really hateful to him -LRB- even though the father `` loves '' him . -RRB- The only decent character is the young man they recruit to replace the ailing man , who , turns out , has a thing both for women and men . In this case , father and daughter . It could be interesting , but it 's lost here among the artificial-feeling grittiness and endless series of theft attempts , which pass for story.Bascially , I did n't relate to or care much about the characters , who did n't have much redeeming value , and who did n't learn anything during the movie . And they are all really bad to each other.There are lots better choices than this .
 BORING TALE - EXPECTED SOMETHING BETTER FROM THIS FILM BUT I SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS MORE DEEPLY AND NOT ORDERED IT
 `` The JFK Conspiracy '' , hosted and narrated -LRB- very stiffly and awkwardly -RRB- by actor James Earl Jones , is a 98-minute program released on VHS by `` BMG Video '' in 1992 . This program is just dreadful in every respect . Of course , the subject matter deals with the various theories of how President John F. Kennedy was supposedly killed by more than just one lone gunman in 1963 . Multiple -LRB- unsupported -RRB- conspiracy angles are explored in this melodramatic , roundtable-type of presentation , with Mr. Jones serving as moderator -LRB- complete with a token ` clipboard ' in hand -RRB- . James Earl seems rather nervous the whole time and mangles a lot of his pre-scripted lines of dialogue while consulting with the assassination `` experts '' that are on hand here . This whole thing is just awful , IMO . I say this from my viewpoint as a devout believer in the Warren Commission 's `` Single Assassin '' conclusion . But , I 'm doubtful that even very many conspiracy buffs will find this particular program very enjoyable.Naturally , in a program like this one , the participants attempt to rip the `` Single-Bullet Theory '' -LRB- SBT -RRB- to shreds . But I challenge any `` reasonable '' person interested in the JFK case to evaluate the `` conspiracy alternatives '' that would need to replace the SBT and come up with ANY theory that 's anywhere near as credible or believable or logical as the SBT . Any non-SBT alternative theory requires FAR greater leaps of faith and produces MANY more `` unexplainable '' loose ends than does the official Single-Bullet Theory version of events.In probing this `` SBT '' subject a bit further , let 's consider the following ... If the SBT is not the correct scenario to explain the simultaneous wounding of President Kennedy and Governor John Connally , then we are forced to believe that not just ONE , but TWO , rifle bullets failed to penetrate all the way through the neck and back of JFK -- from probably high-powered weapons . Logical?Even if the Conspiracy Theorists -LRB- `` CTers '' -RRB- want to argue that the `` angles '' are not precisely dead-on correct for the SBT to `` work '' or `` align '' properly back to assassin Lee Harvey Oswald 's `` Sniper 's Nest '' window in the Texas School Book Depository -- in my considered viewpoint , ANY conspiracy theory that we 're forced to `` substitute '' for the official SBT falls apart on many , many different levels.For example -- Here 's what certainly MUST have occurred -LRB- via the CT account -RRB- INSTEAD of the SBT :1 . -RRB- Three shots must `` replace '' the one single shot known as the `` SBT '' . There IS no way around this first point here . Because LACKING the SBT to explain the throat wound to JFK and both of the victims ' separate back wounds , CTers are forced to postulate that one of the two following things occurred ... A. -RRB- The bullet that struck JFK did go all the way through him but , somehow spectacularly , MISSED the man sitting right in front of him who was in direct line to receive this bullet and this bullet was then scooped up from inside the limo by plotters after the fact and disposed of AND the damage to the inside of the limousine that was no doubt caused by this bullet was completely eradicated in very short order after the event . Likely -LRB- even in a CT world -RRB- ? Hardly . Especially in light of this WC testimony from Robert Frazier of the FBI ... Mr. SPECTER -- `` Did your examination of the President 's limousine disclose any other holes or markings which could have conceivably been caused by a bullet striking the automobile or any part of the automobile ? `` Mr. FRAZIER -- `` No , sir . '' -- Or
 James Earl Jones butchers the narration of this ` live ' presentation -LRB- he was far worse on the actual broadcast
 The story line is ok but the series sucks!See the Original movie with a fetching young Fairuza Balk as Mildred Hubble.Even my niece who 's 7 hated this movie but loved the original . When she saw that there was a series on tape she made me buy the first one then cried when she saw it and wanted to break it.If you can , skip the music video by Curry and concentrate on the movie . You 'll love it !!!!!!!!!!
 This remake of the original Blob did not do it justice . Maybe it was the actors or the special effects . The original was a superb story in a era of innocence , which made the story believable in its content . The original held your interest , however the remake was over blown with special effects . Too much of anything is not good . Remake should have stuck to a better plot and less of the special effects that we take for granted today . The remake of the Blob seemed to be centered around the psyche of the teens today in terms of getting them to the movies to see this film . Steve Mcqueen possibly would have save this movie as he did in the original if he were around today . None of the actors in the the remake did !
 The original 1958 film , The Blob - Criterion Collection -LRB- which you should see first -RRB- really was n't that bad . I guarantee you watch it and you will get hooked . That is really what small towns looked like , the way movie theaters used to look like and that is what people wore , and the kind of simple wholesome houses they lived in . people spoke politly then.The 1958 , `` The Blob '' had young Steve McQueen in his first film ever and with Aneta Corseaut.A sequel to `` The Blob '' was made , Beware ! The Blob ! -LRB- 1972 -RRB- also known as SON OF BLOB -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , with Larry Hagman , Cindy Williams and other familar faces . Directed by Larry Hagman , he still laughs today at how low-budget it was.For this generation , we have a new modern version , `` The Blob '' -LRB- 1988 -RRB- . Filmed in Abbeville , Louisiana.Noteable cast is
 The 80 's remake of The Blob has much wilder special effects but every time The Blob shows up your stomach turns its not as fun as the 5o 's version when you could n't wait to see more Blob . Characters in this movie are the biggest problem THEY ALL DIE . You ca n't follow anyone cause they die in the next two minutes . And the two chosen characters are less than interesting . Not great . Music by Michael Hoenig . Check out The Stuff its pretty bad too but in a fun funny way .
 I saw this film because I was such a fan of the orignal version . What a dissapointment . This film goes heavy on the gross-out and special effects because the story is weak and full of holes . The original was much scarier because of what you did n't see . The imagination is a powerful tool . We can imagine much worse that what we see . Just knowing the blob was somewhere , without actually seeing too much of it provided me with years of nightmares . I own the DVD of the original and watch it at least six or seven times a year . Matt Dillon was the flavor of the month when the remake came out . His performance was less than remarkable . An earlier review mentioned that Dillon was a much better choice of teen angst/rebellion than was Steve McQueen . Interesting , where the hell has Dillon been since this abortion of a film ? McQueen is an icon and is still much more popular than Dillon . McQueen is also dead .
 It is extremely freaky , I still can not get to sleep without the lights on , but it has great special effects and and a extreme gore factor so I give it 2 stars
 It is a decent DVD , but I would recommend renting it instead of buying ... the chapters are broken down by defenses , runners , coachs , returns , etc. ... but in my estimation , a lot was left out - the DVD runs way short , and many Super Bowl moments are not even there - the additional camera angles and audio makes for a nice bonus , but I would gladly trade that all for some more footage - as it is , by the time you find the alternate camera angle button on the remote , the short scene where it is enabled is over ... The Steelers won 4 super bowls , yet the film on them is limited to a few quick speak-overs and just a couple of plays ... considering that this was produced for a DVD medium , I would have expected 3 hours of programming , instead of the hour -LRB- or less than a hour -RRB- ... very disappointed ... One final thing - I guess NFL Films only does the 4x3 TV films , but it would be nice to see NFL action on a 16x9 widesceen format - I suppose it will take many more to purchase widescreen TVs to develop a market for this - but even when I had a standard 4x3 TV , I would view all my DVDs in a widescreen format ...
 The dvd does not live up to expectations , the details were sketchy at best ... I would not buy another ...
 I am quite possibly the biggest football fan on Earth -LRB- though I 'm sure most of you will argue that point -RRB- . My library of NFL films spans darn near all of them . I received this DVD as a present , watched it once and have never even had the urge to pick it up again . It 's not very exciting , it 's not compelling and it 's basically little more than a droning documentary . It gets two stars just because it 's football .
 `` A Time for Miracles '' is an underrated gem . Showing a bit of American history that is often neglected , and showing Kate Mulgrew as a determined woman who was strong willed , clever , not afraid of anyone , and was fond of coffee . No wonder she was cast as Katherine Janeway .
 This is sweet family fare , but that is what it is -- sweet . Where is the dirt of the 18th century ? Where are the stinks and the vile smell -- even from the Roman curia?Unfortunately this all reeks of one of Kate Mulgrew 's `` Irish Spring '' commercials.Saints are n't usually this nice . They are rebels who seek not only to serve God , but to upturn the status-quo . Mother Seton seems to work with the status-quo quite well . Where is the persecution ? Where is the burning anger a saint often feels?Isn ' t there more?Just too sweet for my taste .
 This is a remarkably uncatholic movie that is supposedly about a famous Catholic . St. Bonaventure said that those who do not have a devotion to Our Lady will die in their sins and be damned for all of eternity . Nevertheless , Elizabeth Seton is never portrayed as having a devotion to Our Lady and indeed , never even says one hail mary that I could see . Other Catholic teachings are notably absent . The acting and production values are lamentably poor . Read `` Butler 's Lives of the Saints '' or `` The Baltimore Catechism '' instead .
 I bought this video grouped with `` The Call '' -LRB- another awful video -RRB- . I am not impressed . These are the worst animation videos I have ever seen and am baffled as to how they made it on dvd.This one is better than `` The Call '' but I still wish I had not bought it . I feel fooled by the cover art and the other customer reviews .
 There is some really great computer animation from this era , a.k.a some of the Mind 's Eye series and the like . But this one was , basically , a bore.First , the music was completely uninteresting and showed little or no connection to the animation . It sounded like half-baked baroque or classical done on a good-quality Casio.I could live with that , though , if the animation really grabbed me . Or , even better , if they seemed to have anything to do with each other . But the animation was , as my title implies , a tease . There were many , many brief moments were something truly interesting appeared only to be immediately abandoned for yet another kaleidoscope sequence . There was a lot of those . No , way too many of those . And I 'm sorry , but I can pick one up at the dollar store if I want to see that . Also , if you hate having things flashed at you , there were a lot of those annoying instances where they transition from one image to the next with a bright flash . Very obnoxious.For really good animation and music , in favor of this I 'd highly recomment Televoid -LRB- music by a mix of Queensryche and Kansas members -RRB- and The Gate to the Mind 's Eye -LRB- Thomas Dolby -RRB- . Both these have much more interesting animation and really great music . As for this , if you already have any 90 's animation that you really like , you 'll be missing absolutely nothing by skipping this one .
 This disc is OK if you really do n't care about quality . The prints they used show alot of wear . For `` HE WALKED BY NIGHT '' , i would suggest you buy the disc put out by MGM . The print they used here for `` TOO LATE FOR TEARS '' looks like the same one that Image Entertainment used . It has several splices and scratches . TOO LATE FOR TEARS was also released under the title `` KILLER BAIT '' which is available in a better quality print in a 6 disc set called `` 5 Killer Film Noir Classics '' . As for `` KANSAS CITY CONFIDENTIAL '' , if i remember right the disc put out by Image is of better quality . -LRB- This review is for the `` Film Noir Triple Feature Vol . 1 '' disc put out by Goodtimes Video '' -RRB-
 Dominik is a mediterranean guy who loves sex . This video treats us to an interview with him , scenes of him trying on various `` sexy '' clothing -LRB- jockstrap , wrestler unitard , et al -RRB- , working out on a treadmill , getting a -LRB- rather uneventful -RRB- massage , and -LRB- finally ! -RRB- taking a shower . And while Dominik is a decent-looking guy with a nice body , he 's hardly captivating enough for an hour-long feature . He has little of interest to discuss during the interview . And while he continues to ramble on while being massaged , the producers apparently decided whatever was coming out of his mouth was so uninteresting that they covered it up with some mellow music.In short , if you 're willing to spend the day -LRB- or even an hour -RRB- with Dominik , you really need to get a life .
 This movie is shameful to say the lest ! If you like Pride & Prejudice , Sense & Sensiblity , Mansfield Park , The Girl is not a romantic story at all . Movie will be a waste of time and money.Hannah is a thief from the very beginning as a child , she commits adultry , profanity is used throughout the movie every now and then . Not worth seeing , but you judge for yourselfBe warned !
 The Girl , based on a Catherine Cookson novel , is a period drama set in Victorian times . While the sets , costumes are actors are all exceptional , the story itself is one of the darkest and disturbing ones I 've seen.While in all probability more realistic to the times , Cooksons portrayal of a young girl , born on the `` wrong '' side of the bed , and her eventual life with her illegitimate father , and terribly sadistic stepmother is very hard to watch . Be forewarned-this is not a `` family '' film , as brutal beatings of children , forced sex , adultery , attempted murder , someones hand almost cut off in a `` man trap '' , and many more throughly unpleasant scenes make up this mini series.In the end , I found no characters worth any empathy , in fact the `` heroine '' herself becomes so sneaky and underhanded that I for one wished she would NOT end up with the hero at the end.A depressing way to kill several hours and one I would not recommend .1.5 stars for the sets and costuming .
 **** SPOILERS **** I normally enjoy the Catherine Cookson movies , but this one was so ridiculous I had to comment on it . I found Hannah to be such an unsympathetic character for being so meek and foolish and full of self-pity . How can she think it was ok to want to marry her half-brother ? She took advantage of the well-meaning Fred and trampled on his hopes without a second thought . In comparison , we see her step-sister Margaret , who also experienced disappointment in love , go out and make something happen for herself . Hannah 's treatment of her husband was appaling . Fred cared for her while she was sick -LRB- after roaming in the rain with another man on her wedding day -RRB- and took her on in good faith . In return she cheated on him and had the gall to expect to inherit all his possessions to use for her lover . Hannah showed a level of callousness and disregard that 's hard to swallow in a heroine . She lacked the courage and steadiness of character that Margaret had . I kept hoping for Margaret and Fred to get together instead . Ned , played by Clive Owen look-a-like Jonathan Cake , could have been better as well . His acting was generally good but a bit over the top in some parts . Maybe the weak script was to blame for some of his dialogue . On the plus side , there 's a strong supporting cast and great production details to achieve the period look .
 Actually the title is , ` The Girl ' . Why amazom.com has it as , ` Girl ' , i ca n't understand . Maybe they need new glasses.Anyways , i was really wanting to see this movie.The film was very well made -LRB- as are most British period films -RRB- , but i was very disapointed . First of all , no one in the story -LRB- set in the 1850 's -RRB- , was very Christian . Seems to me most proper ladies in England , at that time , were much more Christian than portrayed here . I have n't read any of Catherine Cookson 's books , but i think the screenplay must have swayed from the original story , at least in that respect.There was way too much emphasis on sadistic attitudes and adulterous characters . Even the character of the heroine can not be much liked -LRB- unless you 're a modern-day Jezebel -RRB- . You want to empathize with her , but her lack of certain morals makes it difficult . Maybe the family in this story just was n't very Christian , but that 's what makes this film lack , in redeeming qualities.Although the costumes and sets , and the acting , were very good ... overall , the story was not edifying , or even greatly interesting . If you 're a hard-core lover of English period films , you may want to see it ... but if you care more for what a family should be able to view , together , then you 'd be better off skipping this one.I can not recommend it for family viewing . *** For period film lovers . ** For anyone else .
 DO NOT -- I repeat -- do NOT say you were not forewarned if you buy this video !! It is HORRIBLE !! I bought this video in anticipation of visiting Santiago , expecting film footage and information on the shrine . Instead , it contains about 27 minutes of two old men 's comments on their journey through Spain and the surrounding countryside , and only about 3 minutes worth of film or information on the shrine or city itself !! VERY DISAPPOINTING if you are looking for real information , as I was . What a ripoff !! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!!!!
 I think some of the postings here have been less than truthful . This particular DVD is very grainy , the sound is often muddy and there are occasional jumps in scenes . I do not recommend this to a buyer wanting to add some Holmes films to his library . Surely there 's a better offering out there ... and if not , I would suggest waiting till someone offers a digitally remastered version of these very fine old films .
 The quality of the reproduction on this DVD is appalling and I 've had to return this disc as it is unwatchable ! Your other reviewers seem to think that the low price more than compensates for the lack of quality !? This disc is an insult to three ` classic ' films!This disc is really very poor and it 's cost me a lot of good money in returning it !
 Let me start by saying that AIX records is my favorite label . I am a serious surround sound enthusiast , and I am over and over again amazed by the beautiful job of surround sound mixing which Mark Waldrep and his team consistently delivers in each of his DVD-Audio and BR disks -LRB- which are sold directly directly through their web site and at several boutique internet record stores -RRB- . I am very happy to see that his work finally has reached a wider audience through mainstream distribution channels.AIX records is a small label which specializes in recording small-scale local artists who live and perform in the Los Angeles area . Not all of them are equally good . Many of the performances recorded by AIX were a disappointment performance-wise , saved only by a phenomenal recording and surround mix , while others were great in all respects.The disk has ample information about Bryan Pezzone background . He obtain his Bachelor of Music from the Eastman School of music - a college in Rochester , NY , specializing in classical and jazz music - in 1984 . Bryan is a cross-over pianist who performs in classical , contemporary , jazz , and experimental genres . He performs with symphony orchestra associations , tours widely with the jazz group Free Flight , and is known in the Los Angeles area as a freelance pianist for film and TV soundtrack recordings , contemporary music premieres , and chamber music . He recorded several CDs , primarily with contemporary music and jazz.Now about my impressions from this BR disk . First of all - performance . My judgement is based on our family traditions
 If you 're into cheesy horror films , then this movie is a good rental . If anything , you 'll get your money 's worth sitting around with a group of friends and laughing at the cheesiness of it all.Perhaps the only two good things about the film were Chris Harmony 's acting and the gratuitous nudity !
 Set in Ireland of all places , THE DOORWAY is a howler , but at the same time , it 's pretty bad . Roy Scheider must have been on vacation and decided he needed some extra spending money . Scheider 's worst performance , more than likely . But he 's not in it too much , and that leaves us with the likes of Don Maloney , Lauren Woodland , Christian Harmony and the howlingly funny Teresa DePriest . Teresa plays a double role , first as the demon Elizabeth Van Buren , and then her psychic descendant Lydia . Watching dePriest make demon faces while taunting Maloney is hilarious . She looks like a little baby trying to make funny faces at mommy , it 's very very funny.The script is not important ; the sex scenes are obviously used as padding , and are about as erotic as celery and onions . Rent this one , but do n't spend good money on it , though !
 Was this movie meant to be a joke ? I 'm not easily scared , but I do like a good horror flick . However , this was neither a horror or suspense film that I would even call B grade , I 'd call it 7th grade for the fact that it looks like a 7th grade acting class has tried to make a movie.The acting was very poor . When you watch it , it 's like . . how do I describe it , $ # ! % house ! One second they 're scared -LRB- characters -RRB- , the next everything is ok , then they wan na leave but , no one seems to have the will power to act on their own ! instead , it has to be a group desicion to leave , I wonder who holds whose hand when they go to the bathroom?Now , do n't get me wrong , I do n't mind bad special-effects , sometimes they really are corny and lame , but at least they 're plausible ... unlike the pathetic effects of this movie . A so called `` demon woman '' floats into the room and does nothing but smile and float at 1 mile per hour towards the students , then her fingernails grow in 3 frames and she howls pathetically doing the worst job of trying to act I think I 've ever seen . I mean , just watch it if you wan na see what lame acting is . The so-called `` Doorway '' was so scary , I almost did n't realize my shoe-laces needed to be done up . It was a red light in a cupboard in the cellar ... oh how scary . Then they bring in Rob Shnieder !!!!! I still ca n't believe he was in it ... but I bet you wo n't hear him ever promote this movie , i 'm sure he 's too embarrassed to admit being in it , and his demise is lame , lame , lame , lame , lame , lame , lame . The only thing that looked like it had more then $ 10 spent on it was the fiery pit of hell that someone falls into for 2 seconds of the movie.Look , avoid the movie . I payed $ 2 for the movie out of the really , really , really cheap bin . And I still think I should demand my two whole dollars back for the wasted time I spent watching it and never getting those 2 hours back , they should understand my pain , and refund my $ 2 in 1 cent pieces and give me a discount for $ 20 off my next purchase.I would n't recommend you rent this , buy it , or watch it if it was on TV . I did n't even get through to finishing it before I ejected it and threw it in the bin . At least it was only pocket change I lost on this ... Grrrrr ... I so badly wan na use naughty words to describe it but if I did this review completely in my own words there would just be a -LRB- ... -RRB- for the whole thing where amazon have deleted parts of it.This movie is ... Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo India November GSierra Hotel India Tango
 I regret I bought this video because I did n't get what it claims to teach . This only 30 minutes long video can not just elaborate all the topics . I do n't recommend you to buy this video if you are a first time parent and seriously want to learn caring a newborn in detail . If you do n't believe me , you are free to waste your money .
 Obviously Tracey Hogan , of Amazon.com.uk did n't see the original movie . While it 's true that at first this collection may satisfy your hunger for more antics by Mildred Hubble ... This Mildred -LRB- Georgina Sherrington -RRB- needs acting lessons !!!!!!!!! They all do !!!!!!! If you 've seen the original movie , like I have . This series is disappointing to say the least !!!!!!!!! The girl that played Mildred Hubble -LRB- Fairuza Balk -RRB- in the original movie was perfect for this role . She 's enchanting especially when she 's clumsy . Her wit and charm will keep you spell bound . This movie leaves you wanting to know more and wondering what happens next year like Harry Potter you 're intrigued to go on.The girl in the TV Series , however , leaves a sour taste in your mouth . When I bought the first video , by mistake , thinking that it was the original movie , I could not wait to get rid of it . I did not want this eyesore to contaminate my collection.Even my niece who was 7 at the time , hated this movie but loved the original . When she saw that there was a series on tape she made me buy the first one then cried when she saw it and wanted to break it.If you want quality and to have a great time , get the original , The Worst Witch -LRB- The Movie -RRB- and get it on DVD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They made a real big mistake not casting the original actress to play Mildred Hubble maybe that 's why it took so long to make .
 A Brazilian woman in her mid 30s is set to marry a man -- she 's pregnant by him -- and he dumps her . She then finds another man with a house whom , she figures , can care for her child . She marries him . But , as it happens , he 's lazy and wants her to wait on him hand and foot . Still , being a good wife and all , she engages in connubial bliss with him . She 's pregnant again . Kid number two . But her husband is not the warmest of people.The husband has a friend who 's at the house quite a bit , who 's much warmer than the husband and the woman becomes interested in the friend . They enjoy each other deeply and soon she 's pregnant yet again . OK , so because you can count , of course , by now she 's up to 3 kids . Now the friend is really nice and warm , et cetera , but he 's not what you would call sexy.OK . Then in the fields where she works , she meets another guy and this one IS sexy . Oh yeah . So they go to an isolated part of the field and enjoy each other deeply . -LRB- Believe me , there 's a LOT of enjoying deeply going on in this flick -RRB- . Then , you got it , she 's preggers again . Kid number four.OK , so the friend -- who 's already living in the house -- now has to share the living space not only with the original husband and the woman , but also with this new sexy guy AND four kids . So now we 're up to , let 's see , eight people . That 's a lot of people for a small house in rural Brazil . Oh yeah.That 's the story in a nutshell . It was no doubt made as a cry for women 's independence -- i.e. , see , a woman can do these things too ; it 's not just a man who loves sex and can have it with whoever he wants.The point is made repeatedly . I have no beef with women 's lib or a woman being independent or a woman enjoying deeply . I just think a much better movie could have been made with this theme . The two stars are for the cinematography which is excellent , and for the superb music by Gilberto Gil . Buy the soundtrack ; it 's excellent .
 I 've seen quite a few brazilian flicks . To prove the point at hand , it 's just obvious and very slow moving . The plot is not very intriguing . . not what I expected .
 Do not waste your time on this loser about an irresponsible woman who has kid after kid & then wonders why she is poor ! The only thing you can say is `` Please -- somebody get her to a birth control clinic fast before she has another one ! ''
 I love this movie and i received it in good shape , however the shipping was awful , I paid for expedited shipping and it still arrived late / It took a 11/2 weeks to arrive .
 The collection of Dick Tracy movies offered by the Roan Group is much better , and the Roan DVDs offer all of the movies on two discs . This set is not worth spending your money on . You will pay a lot more for a lot less by buying this .
 If you 're into cheesy horror films , then this movie is a good rental . If anything , you 'll get your money 's worth sitting around with a group of friends and laughing at the cheesiness of it all.Perhaps the only two good things about the film were Chris Harmony 's acting and the gratuitous nudity !
 Set in Ireland of all places , THE DOORWAY is a howler , but at the same time , it 's pretty bad . Roy Scheider must have been on vacation and decided he needed some extra spending money . Scheider 's worst performance , more than likely . But he 's not in it too much , and that leaves us with the likes of Don Maloney , Lauren Woodland , Christian Harmony and the howlingly funny Teresa DePriest . Teresa plays a double role , first as the demon Elizabeth Van Buren , and then her psychic descendant Lydia . Watching dePriest make demon faces while taunting Maloney is hilarious . She looks like a little baby trying to make funny faces at mommy , it 's very very funny.The script is not important ; the sex scenes are obviously used as padding , and are about as erotic as celery and onions . Rent this one , but do n't spend good money on it , though !
 Was this movie meant to be a joke ? I 'm not easily scared , but I do like a good horror flick . However , this was neither a horror or suspense film that I would even call B grade , I 'd call it 7th grade for the fact that it looks like a 7th grade acting class has tried to make a movie.The acting was very poor . When you watch it , it 's like . . how do I describe it , $ # ! % house ! One second they 're scared -LRB- characters -RRB- , the next everything is ok , then they wan na leave but , no one seems to have the will power to act on their own ! instead , it has to be a group desicion to leave , I wonder who holds whose hand when they go to the bathroom?Now , do n't get me wrong , I do n't mind bad special-effects , sometimes they really are corny and lame , but at least they 're plausible ... unlike the pathetic effects of this movie . A so called `` demon woman '' floats into the room and does nothing but smile and float at 1 mile per hour towards the students , then her fingernails grow in 3 frames and she howls pathetically doing the worst job of trying to act I think I 've ever seen . I mean , just watch it if you wan na see what lame acting is . The so-called `` Doorway '' was so scary , I almost did n't realize my shoe-laces needed to be done up . It was a red light in a cupboard in the cellar ... oh how scary . Then they bring in Rob Shnieder !!!!! I still ca n't believe he was in it ... but I bet you wo n't hear him ever promote this movie , i 'm sure he 's too embarrassed to admit being in it , and his demise is lame , lame , lame , lame , lame , lame , lame . The only thing that looked like it had more then $ 10 spent on it was the fiery pit of hell that someone falls into for 2 seconds of the movie.Look , avoid the movie . I payed $ 2 for the movie out of the really , really , really cheap bin . And I still think I should demand my two whole dollars back for the wasted time I spent watching it and never getting those 2 hours back , they should understand my pain , and refund my $ 2 in 1 cent pieces and give me a discount for $ 20 off my next purchase.I would n't recommend you rent this , buy it , or watch it if it was on TV . I did n't even get through to finishing it before I ejected it and threw it in the bin . At least it was only pocket change I lost on this ... Grrrrr ... I so badly wan na use naughty words to describe it but if I did this review completely in my own words there would just be a -LRB- ... -RRB- for the whole thing where amazon have deleted parts of it.This movie is ... Foxtrot Uniform Charlie Kilo India November GSierra Hotel India Tango
 I felt more sympathetic toward the hookers and sex workers in Km .0 and the porn folks in Fluffer than I did with these sad , scheming , nasty theives.They basically drive their uncapable third partner to suicide by being really hateful to him -LRB- even though the father `` loves '' him . -RRB- The only decent character is the young man they recruit to replace the ailing man , who , turns out , has a thing both for women and men . In this case , father and daughter . It could be interesting , but it 's lost here among the artificial-feeling grittiness and endless series of theft attempts , which pass for story.Bascially , I did n't relate to or care much about the characters , who did n't have much redeeming value , and who did n't learn anything during the movie . And they are all really bad to each other.There are lots better choices than this .
 BORING TALE - EXPECTED SOMETHING BETTER FROM THIS FILM BUT I SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS MORE DEEPLY AND NOT ORDERED IT
 I watched a pretty terrible movie called Beowulf last night . It stars Christopher Lambert , which is a pretty good indication of the movie 's level of badness . The movie is a futuristic retelling of the Beowulf story , and it does a half-decent job of it until the end , when it suddenly veers into an erotic horror tale . I really do n't remember the Old English version having Grendel 's mom as a hot blonde porn star . I also do n't remember the epic being boring , filled with clich&eacute;ed second-scare , bad cuts between scenes , or Beowulf being such a wooden character.The movie had two good things going for it
 ` Beowulf ' is the hero of an old epic poem , of which name you might remember in the English literature class , -LRB- Perhaps it will be better-known thanks to Gerard Butler , who is to play the title role in the 2005 film . -RRB- Whatever his version may be , my advice about this Christopher Lambert version is this
 I recently saw this movie at a friend 's house , and it was quite good ... for a great many laughs . I usually love post-Apocalyptic movies like the Mad Max series . The difference is that the Mad Max trilogy does a much better job of mixing modern and ancient and futuristic set pieces , scenery and props . Beowulf just screwed it all up on so many levels . The outpost has a PA system and zippered-plastic body bags but no electricity . Some of the people are dressed in armour then you have the girl running around in Doc Martens and torn red thigh highs . My favourite was the porn-queen , crimped hair , succubus with way too much blue eyeshadow . She belonged in a Motley Crue video . Grendel was the least scary thing in the whole movie.I really loved the oversized Barber 's razour `` chopper '' thing at the beginning . At least the person being executed gets a last laugh when they see that ridiculous thing.Now for me to vent about how thoroughly they screwed up the storyline . Hrothgar was not -LRB- NOT !! -RRB- Grendel 's father . Beowulf was not born , `` half of Heaven and half of Hell , '' whatever , that sounds so stupid . He was a Danish king , no more , no less . Lastly , he killed Grendel 's mother in a lake and did not run off with Hrothgar 's daughter.I did have lots of fun ripping this movie apart while watching it so it does have it 's good points .
 To call this version of Beowulf mediocre would n't be appropriate to the level of blandness that it brings to the screen . There 's relatively little to like in this post-apocalyptic recasting of the ancient poem , itself a 10th Century Christianized retelling of an even older pagan myth.Christopher Lambert stars -LRB- which should tell you most of what you need to know already -RRB- and does almost as a good job of acting as he did in the Highlander movies , which is to say not that well at all . To be fair , he is n't given much to work with here and neither is the rest of the cast -LRB- more on them later . -RRB- He pretty much broods around the screen with a perpetual scowl on . He 's also very little like the Beowulf of legend . This version of Beowulf is an abomination -LRB- I do n't want to say too much for fear of giving away the story -RRB- and is thankfully a virtual martial arts master as well . Ironically , for all of his talent he is unable to best Grendal nearly as easily as the original Beowulf who in one fight ripped the beast 's arm off.The cast is mostly a joke . It 's clear that the director felt that recasting the tale in the future would give him more possibilities . After all , in the 10th century there were few women who liked to put their men to shame by kicking more butt then they could . And they also did n't care to dress with as little clothing as possible . As hard as it might be for our culture to realize , there was a time when modesty was a virtue . Also very rare among the 10th century Danes were black men who 's sole purpose was comic relief . But fear not , this movie 's got that angle covered . The king is well cast and is mostly sympathetic . But he ends up being part of the largest disaster to come along in this long , sad line of disasters.Because see , what would Beowulf be without lots of sex ? Oh wait , the original did n't have sex , you say ? Eh , it should have . And this movie makes sure that you know that it 's all about sex . Thankfully , we 're spared most of the details but by the end -LRB- and again , I ca n't say too much without ruining the end -RRB- it 's perfectly clear that no tale can stand up against our sex obsessed culture . Add to this a ridiculous interpretation of Grendal 's mother and you 're thankfully almost to the end of this garbage . As a note to those who are familiar with the poem , the movie does not cover the final third of Beowulf 's story and barely manages to include a horribly mangled version of the middle third . Hollywood still seems obsessed with a `` happy '' ending and so that is what we get , albiet a shallow and absurd happy ending considering the rest of the movie.If techno music , overly-choreographed fights re-using the same moves several times , shallow characters , mediocre effects , and flat acting are your idea of a good time ... then go and pick this movie up . Otherwise , unless you 're a hardcore science fiction fan , you 'll want to stay away from it . For those of us addicted to sci-fi , it 's probably worth seeing once just to say you have seen it . But after that , there is n't much there .
 The epic poem that is Beowulf ranks as one of the greatest pieces of literature man has ever produced . When a reader ponders the ideas found within this wonderful work of art the mind simply boggles at the depth and richness running throughout the poem . Glimpses of the old Europe abound in this tale about Hrothgar , Beowulf , Grendel , and Grendel 's mother , a Europe of drinking halls , campaigns of conquest , human destiny , and dark monsters creeping through the night . Simultaneously , a reader of Beowulf glimpses the stirrings of Christianity , which would soon overrun all of Europe and put an end to the old ways . Scholars of Beowulf never tire of writing articles and books about this piece of literature and new translations of the work continually appear . If you wish to read Beowulf , and I recommend you do so as quickly as possible , check out the spectacular Seamus Heaney translation . Do not , under any circumstances , watch this cinematic version of Beowulf in lieu of reading the poem . Not only does this movie not follow the epic in any significant way , the film also takes a decidedly B movie approach to the whole topic . `` Beowulf '' stars Z movie star Christopher Lambert as the enigmatic hero , another point you would do well to consider before popping this disc in your DVD player.At some point in the future , in a time never elaborated upon by the filmmakers , a fortress stands watch on the borderland between good and evil . The soldiers in the fort , led by a king named Hrothgar and his right hand man Roland , fight endlessly with a mysterious creature who shambles out of the dark each night to claim a new victim . The garrison rapidly diminishes under the onslaught of this malevolent apparition until one day a man rides up to the fort claiming that his destiny involves fighting evil . This man is Beowulf , played with mind deadening woodenness by a bleach blonde Christopher Lambert . The men manning the fort are naturally suspicious of this new arrival , but after Beowulf fights the creature to a standstill the men are more accepting of his presence . In no time at all , Beowulf antagonizes Roland , wins the admiration of Hrothgar , and catches the eye of the king 's busty daughter Kyra . The killings continue unabated until the big showdown between Beowulf and Grendel , the name of the being haunting the soldiers in the castle . A further surprise appears in scenes involving Hrothgar 's dream encounters with a mysterious blonde apparition , a woman who has something to do with the death of the king 's wife and who eventually plays a big role at the end of the film.Initially , I warmed to `` Beowulf . '' Despite Lambert in the lead role , most of the actors did a better than expected job in their roles . The gorgeous Rhona Mitra did an adequate turn playing Hrothgar 's daughter . Charles Robinson , who played Mac on `` Night Court , '' does as much as he can in the role of the fort 's chief weapons master , and the actors playing Hrothgar and Roland did acceptable work as well . The set pieces looked better than average for a B movie , as did the armor and weapons used by the characters . The movie starts with a nice fight scene between Beowulf and a small army outside of the fort , and this too gave me hope that the movie would rise above my original expectations . As the movie wore on , I discovered my interest waned considerably . The CGI effects used for Grendel and his mother looked cheesy and uninteresting , and Lambert 's portrayal of Beowulf tended to grate after the first thirty minutes . The soundtrack contributed greatly to my sense of irritation . The filmmakers saw fit to imbue this project with a booming techno beat , and used it every chance they got whether the scene called for it or not . Sometimes this music does work , but far too often it distracts and annoys . To keep boredom at bay , I began to count how many times Beowulf executed fancy back flips during the combat sequences . In fact , it seemed that the only thing Lambert 's character did after awhile was jump around , strike poses , and mutter cryptic phrases about the evil in the fort . As the final credits rolled , I knew I had just finished watching a typical B movie stinker.The `` Beowulf '' DVD is far from a bare bones sort of release . There is a trailer for the film , along with additional trailers for films like `` Scream 3 . '' A short behind the scenes featurette is also available . The movie itself looks good for a low budget bomb , and you should still have a good time watching the nice looking women in this movie even if you can not stomach the lousy dialogue or abominable special effects . `` Beowulf '' is a must see for those who get a kick out of science fiction cheese films or fans of Christopher Lambert , but all others should stay away .
 If you want to see a true piece of crud , go rent `` Beowulf '' . I actually saw the video version , but ca n't imagine the dvd to be any better . In short , it was what you would expect from Christopher Lambert . I actually rented this movie and watched it with my brother on purpose
 And worst of all was the techno music , which in no way fit the setting of the film .
 I was the only one in my senior English class who loved the epic poem . Several years later I bought a copy of it at a comic book shop.For some reason , I liked Christopher Lambert , and I thought he would be a good actor for a movie based on this classic tale.Man , was I wrong!Aside from the names of the hero and one of the villians , this movie has almost nothing in common with the poem . It 's got nothing in common with a good movie . It 's a travesty!The acting , even with a so-called `` top talent '' like Christopher Lambert , is awful . The setting is almost non-existant , and the plot , ah yes , the plot ... I knew this movie would reek within the first 10 minutes . I mean , I tried really hard to be open-minded , but it was to no avail.Spare yourself the pain and skip the movie . Settle in on a dark winter 's night by a fire , put on some quiet music , and read the epic poem . You 'll be glad you did .
 I agree with the reviewer who said , `` Read the book . '' Or better yet , see Thirteenth Warrior , which is another fanciful rendition of this myth.Yeah , it 's a B movie . It even has glimmers of interesting character development and plot line in it . But it 's also-as one reviewer recognized -- a pseudo video game , an imitation of an imitation of a life . It 's a hostile , cretin , pubescent violence fantasy , festering in a cracked mirror . Beowulf , in the original tale , saved people from the monsters and nobly sacrificed himself . In this moronic film , he is a sociopathic `` swiss-army-knife '' who wants us to feel sorry for him . BEOWULF , the film , is gratuitous violence run amok . Who is the real monster in this film ? Who really cares if the main character gets et ? Everybody , not just mostly everybody , should have died in this film . They were all despicable .
 This is a pretty bad movie . It was only 90 + minutes and it seemed like forever . The sets are pretty good and some of the action scenes are as well . That is about all that is good . The special effects are bad ... laughingly so at the end . There is no character development and most of the actors do n't even bother to act -LRB- such as the king -RRB- . There is n't much plot , except near the end . You spend the whole movie wondering when the actual story will begin . It canabalizes the Beowulf legend to the point where the only thing in common is some monster killing everyone . And while they claim it is a `` technofuture '' its really just a medieval setting with some props forced in -LRB- like a loudspeaker in a stone castle -RRB- . You 'd be much better off watching The 13th Warrior .
 This is worse than a B movie . When my fianc&eacute;e and I rented it , we were n't sure what to expect , but we figured since it has Christopher Lambert , it could n't be all that bad . We were wrong.There is n't much to this movie , other than bad techno music , a porn star , and a bunch of technology that did n't fit anywhere in history except the late 19th century . The only thing the movie appears to share with the epic Beowulf is the name , and a faint storyline of a half mortal , half god being coming to destroy a creature that 's wrecking havoc on a castle.I love Christopher Lambert , but this movie did not do justice to his acting skills . He does n't have any lines that are worth remembering , the movie does n't do much to develop his character , and for being half human , half god he 's surprisingly vulnerable . There 's a short -LRB- five minutes or less -RRB- amount of time given to why he 's half human , half god , and why he 's there to defeat the Grendal.The rest of the characters are pretty flat , even Kyra -LRB- Rhona Mitra -RRB- and Grendal 's Mother -LRB- Layla Roberts -RRB- . There is n't anything special about either of the them , and the only thing Layla Roberts brings to the film are a few dream sequences where she gets to act sexy and porn star like , and Rhona Mitra really does n't add anything.Beowulf really turned out to be a pretty one-dimensional movie , with a lot of bad techno that really did n't fit . Add in one porn star , some technology that 's centuries before it 's time , lots of people who have n't been in a lot of well known movies , and some sword fighting , and you have a step below B grade movie .
 I have to admit to being a fan of Christopher Lambert although I can not say that for a lot of his movies , including this one.Loosley base , to say the least , on the epic poem of Beowulf , this is a sort of fantasy sci-fi , having more to do with sword and sorcery novels than literature.Blood , yes there will be blood , and sex thrown in for good measure , along with mysteriously supplied gas and electricity , and predator style effects for the monster.Despite all of that , it is compelling viewing , although I tired of all of Lambert 's acrobatics which were OK once but not repeated.The science fiction channel exercised their rights to add a little censureship but not too much . Stupid dialogue with many accents did not detract too much and the special effects on the outpost were just silly.Lots , of blood , lots of action , and Christopher Lambert had the hero winning in the end and riding off into the sunset with the girl . As I said , compelling viewing but not the greatest film ever by a long chalk .
 I liked the 13th Warrior , at least they tried to recreate the world that actually existed , but in reality it was based on a novel by Michael Crichton called Eaters of the Dead , not Beowulf . Making a film version of Beowulf in the time it existed would be possible , but with no help from the poem . It 's images of lands and places are sparse . The original poet liked to describe the insides of rooms , gold , gifts , weapons , battles and skirmishes , but the setting is very sparse , the filmmaker must supply his own image of the setting . I agree however , that this was not the setting the film needed , it suffered as a result . F/X ca n't make up for poor writing , nothing can , which is exactly why you should n't see this film . I was disappointed that Chris Lambert would condescend to play such an empty role in a film that is like a small child with anemia , there 's not much hope for it .
 I 'm sitting here reading these reviews and wondering if anyone even read the description on the back of the box about this movie . Over and over people are commenting on the technology that is present in the movie . Well , if certain people had takent the time to read the synopsis on the back cover , one would find that this moves takes place in a futuristic setting . There are some remanants of technology left , but most of it has been left behind in a `` muted past '' . I did n't find this movie to be a masterpiece , but it was enjoyable for at least a night 's rental . Christopher Lambert is just wooden throughout and does his best job at being Mad Max , but just does not pull it off . The character Kyra is tough and really is the only believable person in the movie . What I did like about the movie was the setting , the costumes , the weapons , and overall bleak post apocolyptic vision of the future .
 Here is a film about one great story of the European cultural heritage , and with an actor -LRB- Christopher Lambert -RRB- that excels in that kind -LRB- he was great in the movies Highlander . -RRB- I had high expectations , and as the movie is very disappointing I can not give it more than 2 stars . The dialogues are poor , there is no depth anywhere in the film , the music is awfully terrible and ugly -LRB- pop / techno ... -RRB- , the ugly fighters -LRB- their look , etc. -RRB- do not belong to the dark ages or the Medieval times but to Mad Max , the castle -LRB- seen on the skyline -RRB- looks like a crazy , top-down castle -LRB- should I say postmodern , or &agrave; la Picasso ? -RRB- the mother of the monster really acts like a porn-star -LRB- I really thought I was watching a porn-movie during the sex sequences -RRB- , etc. all cheap stuff poorly combined together.And the mythic , religious , metaphysical dimension of the tale is not explored , not given any depth in the film . Think by contrast of the richness with which John Boorman expresses the pagan worldview in Excalibur -LRB- e. g. when Arthur sees insects moving on the earth while Merlin sleeps , etc. to illustrate the pagan view that the Earth has a soul -RRB- -LRB- and Excalibur had gorgious music , Wagner and Orff 's Carmina Burana , etc. -RRB- By contrast to Excalibur , the materialist version of the Arthurian legend -LRB- the one featuring Sean Connery , I even forgot the name of the movie -RRB- is very poor , no match . But here we have the opposite
 Ok , where to start with this piece of junk . Christopher Lambert sleep-walks through his scenes and the other actors take their queue from him . The soundtrack his pure heavy metal with no real link to the scenes . The set is minimalist to say the least - pipes and natural gas flames do not make a set . Writing was atrocious , directing was even worse if that is possible.This movie is just one more reason that Hollywood should not be allowed to touch a classic written story . Read the classic Anglo-Saxon story , but do n't get this movie . Avoid at all cost .
 Bad special effects . Lambert looked bored at times . The plot has a few holes . Too much cleavage . Bad fight scenes . Beowulf can do multiple black flips and spin in the air and yet the monsters can still hit him ! The fact that Grendel 's mother is pregnant does n't really play into the movie , but they keep bringing it up . It is not the worst movie I have ever seen and I pretty much got what I expected so I 'm not completely trashing it . The weapons were cool .
 Beowulf -LRB- Graham Baker , 1999 -RRB- The best thing I can say about the tragedy that is Graham Baker 's `` update '' of Beowulf is that the first interminable fight scene uses , as its background music , Prodigy 's remix of Front 242 's `` Religion '' , which was the best work that either Front 242 or Prodigy ever did . Of course , if you recognize the names Front 242 and Prodigy , you 're probably wondering why either would be on the soundtrack of a movie set in the eighth century . Now you know where Brian Helgeland got at least one idea for -LRB- the not much better -RRB- A Knight 's Tale.In case you 've somehow missed it for the past twelve hundred years , the plot has to do with Beowulf -LRB- in this case , played by Highlander 's Christopher Lambert -RRB- coming to the aid of Hrothgar -LRB- Raindogs ' Oliver Cotton -RRB- against the monster Grendel -LRB- veteran creature performer Vincent Hammond and a lot of CGI that 's actually pretty decent -RRB- . That , however , is where the similarity to the epic poem ends . The most striking departure , unless you 're a geek like me , is the addition of Hrothgar 's beautiful daughter Kyra -LRB- Doomsday 's Rhona Mitra -RRB- and the inevitable love-theme subplot , this one treated as a triangle between Kyra , Beowulf , and the captain of Hrothgar 's guard -LRB- Der Untergang 's G&ouml;tz Otto -RRB- . Also , the farther along we get , the more ridiculous -LRB- to the geeks -RRB- the plot departures get . Suffice to say Beowulf is no longer King of the Geats , but he may have another throne waiting for him ... It 's everything you 'd expect from a Christopher Lambert movie ; the acting is atrocious , the action scenes are overwrought , the script is ridiculous . Rhona Mitra is always a welcome addition to any bad movie , but there 's only so much staring one can do -LRB- and she 's not always onscreen -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and steer far clear of this monstrosity . -LRB- half -RRB-
 I liked the 13th Warrior , at least they tried to recreate the world that actually existed , but in reality it was based on a novel by Michael Crichton called Eaters of the Dead , not Beowulf . Making a film version of Beowulf in the time it existed would be possible , but with no help from the poem . It 's images of lands and places are sparse . The original poet liked to describe the insides of rooms , gold , gifts , weapons , battles and skirmishes , but the setting is very sparse , the filmmaker must supply his own image of the setting . I agree however , that this was not the setting the film needed , it suffered as a result . F/X ca n't make up for poor writing , nothing can , which is exactly why you should n't see this film . I was disappointed that Chris Lambert would condescend to play such an empty role in a film that is like a small child with anemia , there 's not much hope for it .
 There 's two ways you can watch this movie : # 1 - as a film rendition of the great epic poem of the same name . # 2 - as a cheesy action flick.Once you settle into watching this movie as # 2 , you 'll be Ok . If you expect this to be Beowulf -LRB- `` t ws god cyning ! '' -RRB- , you 'll be severely disappointed , as the movie seems to just borrow a few key ideas from the poem , but goes on it 's own from there.It took me about 10 minutes to stop looking for parallels between the movie and the poem , and when I stopped doing that , I was finally able to settle into watching the movie.I would n't buy this movie , but I rented it , and for $ 5 , it kept me busy for a couple of hours .
 This movie promises a lot - a story arround a classic legend , one of the best actors up to date and a nice fantasy flair . What you get is different . The fact that the creators of the Mortal Kombat Movie did this picture says already a lot . What you get is a superficial techno fantasy movie with a silly story , boring acting , trashy tekkno music , cheap special effects and Christopher Lambert , yet in one of his worst roles cause the plot does n't give him any chance to show up his great acting abilities or even just his charme -LRB- in beowulf everything he says sounds boring and that 's not his fault , it 's cause the dialogues are very flat -RRB- . All that makes you feel like watching a mix of that hercules tv series and the mortal kombat movies . There is no point in wasting money on that one . Those who like simple entertainment should better watch Hercules or Xena on TV for free and Lambert adorers can save their money here and buy the great new `` Ressurection '' where you get that great acting again that made him so famous . You may noticed that i gave 2 stars still - well , Lamberts appearance is at least worth one even though he could do a lot better and the second star is for the dvd menue & extras - they did better work on that as on the whole movie .
 This version of Beowulf is perfect for those who enjoy Sci-Fi movies ; however , if you are searching for a classroom supplement to the epic poem , this selection is not for you
 What a pity ! For once , a kind of historical theme based in the Middle Ages was picked up by the film industry and what is the result
 I 'm convinced that this is the worst movie ever made . I rented it because it sounded like it might have been remotely interesting but it was n't even that . The story was godawful , the acting was worse and the effects were comical . So instead of purchasing this film , do yourself a favor . Take the money you were going to spend on the tape , buy a torch and a metal hanger , heat the hanger with the torch and beat yourself senseless . It would be infinately more enjoyable than watching this movie .
 I think this might be the worst treatment of this classic poem I could have ever imagined.I rented this movie with the hope that the filmmakers tried to adhere to the original story from the poem . Instead , they have attempted an update that completely falls short . The original plot of the story is far and away the best storyline , with a larger-than-life hero with `` the grip of thirty fighting men in his hand '' , fight scenes against bizarre lake creatures and a battle to the death in an underground lair with Grendal 's mother . In an attempt to `` modernize '' it , however , they have thrown out almost every good story element and ruined any chance of creating an engaging and exciting film , one that faithfully portrays the original story . I would challenge anyone to find any translation of the poem and read it ... you will understand my complete dismay once you have . By the way , why do writers and directors -LRB- not all of them , mind you -RRB- think that for a film to work , a sex element must be present ? Sex certainly has it 's place in film , to be sure , but it 's use in this movie makes no sense whatsoever . In trying to follow the Amazon guidelines , I 'll not recount the numerous , numerous `` problems '' in this movie as they relate to the original story ; I 'll just end by saying ... So many missed opportunities to make a great film from a classic story . The filmmakers missed the mark entirely , in my opinion , and wasted , indoubtedly , several million dollars in the process.This movie is terrible ! I 'm glad I rented this before buying it .
 I only saw this movie because Patricia Velazquez is in it . Lets put it this way her small scene in the beging is really the only scene worth watching . I think Christopher Lambart is a first class actor the story is wonderful and so is the sets and music . The audience has to almost help make the story because it seems like the movie is either in future of in the past its hard to say , the movie is based on a 18th century poem and the way people dress and the way they live seems to be from the past but then there is the little thing of having zippers , lighters , and so on and so . I do n't understand either that only one person in the movie has an english accent should n't they all ? In all i found the movie hard to understand you have to watch it a couple of times and read allot about it on the internet to undertstand it .
 Unbelievably stupid and inane . Chris Lambert has the acting ability of a limp dish rag . If you have n't seen a pseudo-martial arts film that spends most of its time having the actors sommersault backwards again and again and again and again to a soundtrack filled with WHOOSH ! WHOOSH ! WHOOSH ! WHOOSH ! , then this film is for you . And the fact that this film is based on what is considered the first English language literary classic is sacrilegious . Everyone associated with this film should be subjected to that huge single-edged razor blade used to separate people shown in the beginning of the film . This goes down in my books as one of the biggest bombs of all time . And Chris Lambert is positively laughable as an actor . Bar this man from acting !! Trash this film or -- better -- use it to prep people in how NOT to make a film .
 I rented this film knowing it would have nothing to do with Beowulf , the book . In fact , I rented it expecting very little , except for maybe a couple good action scenes and some Rhona Mitra cheesecake . There 's one passable action scene in the first few minutes , and Rhona Mitra is appealing in her low-cut leather bodice , but she does n't really do anything in the movie , and frankly , neither does anyone else . This movie is ten minutes of excitement jam-packed into two hours . It 's not really `` funny bad '' in a B-movie way , and it 's not really interesting on any other level . The biggest laugh you will get out of this flick is the `` Mortal Kombat '' rip-off opening credits . If you 're looking for a cheesy B-movie to watch , re-rent an old favorite and do n't waste your time with this one .
 Wow . I really did n't know they made movies this bad . While Lambert has been known to star in a few clunkers this one has to take the cake . The script is just the pits , the soundtrack is an incessant techno-type music that seems out of place , the setting is terribly unconvincing , and the actors -LRB- to the extent that they can act -RRB- are worse than just about anything I 've ever seen.Avoid this film unless you are a connoisseur of bad movies . Otherwise , it 'll subtract at least 5 points from your IQ .
 I 've seen every movie versian of Beowulf that I know of and this is the only one yet that disapointed me . Setting , casting , custumes , props , soundtrack -LRB- WTF ! -RRB- , dialogue and the very story itself were all garbage . It seems as though every character in the story has a differnt accent with no effort put in whatsoever to make it seen like they did n't all come right off the boardwalks of California . Do n't bother with this one .
 Having read Beowulf as a high schooler , I wondered if anyone could do justice to the epic poem . Unfortunately , we will have to wait . I evaluating the dvd , I wish I could come up with something artist or journalistic to say about it in order to sound like a movie critic , but all I can think of is `` the movie is terrible . '' Lambert 's flat , unemotional performance leaves even the best of fans -LRB- I loved the Highlander -RRB- cold . The highlight of the film has is the fight exchanges , and even then , the feats fall flat . In a day when the Matrix and Jet Li -LRB- Romeo Must Die -RRB- have taken fight scenes to the next level , employing the latest and greatest computer aided and stunt techniques , Beowulf takes us back to the dark ages of cinematography . My recommendation
 This movie was , in short , terrible . The storyline was filled with holes and did n't even come close to following the original epic written so long ago.The actors almost seemed to be ashamed of themselves for taking part in this F-movie production . Simply because Christopher Lambert can wield a sword does n't make him right for the part of a warrior as great as Beowulf was meant to be . Rhona Mitra was a waste of a character . As was Gotz Otto . Out of all the characters that were written in the epic poem only two of the original names were used . The rest were changed or omited unnecessarily.The creature they came up with for Grendel was cheap and even silly to say the least . The rest of the special effects were second rate as were the actors.The end scene with Grendel 's mother was drawn out and sad.If you want to see a movie that has absolutely nothing to do with the great epic of Beowulf then buy otherwise save your money for something better .
 After reading Beowulf I was curious how this great epic could be translated into other genres . Part of what makes the poem great is its language . It 's chant-like use of alliteration , caesura and compound wording makes it beautifully nuanced reading . Moreover , the story itself has all the essential parts and themes to keep the reader intrigued . The film adaptation , however , had none of this.I was very disappointed to find that besides ignoring all of the above , the movie created such ludicrous plot twists as a weakly contrived love interest and far fetched psychological melodrama . To treat this fundamentally christian-pagan poem this way is near sacrilige .
 I love the poem Beowulf . I 've read it several times in the original verse and it is one of the greatest epics in English literature . Several years ago when I heard they were making a movie of this classic tale and that Christopher Lambert was scheduled to star as the legendary hero , I thought it was a good thing . However , I was wrong.The only thing BEOWULF shares with the classic poem is the name of the hero , the name of the king -LRB- Hrothgar -RRB- , Grendel , and Grendel 's mother . That 's where the similarities end.The plot of this film is terrible . The acting is lame -LRB- Lambert does a decent job , but his character just does n't fit in this world -RRB- . The soundtrack is horrendous and feels like something out of a rave instead of a castle on the outer limits of space . The special effects are n't too bad , but considering the multi-million budget of this movie , they are rather crummy . The lighting in the movie is terrible and detracts from what little action occurs on screen . The dialogue is really bad too , but I guess the sfx budget kept the filmmakers from hiring decent writers.Overall , BEOWULF is terrible . Not only does it rip apart a classic piece of English literature , but it 's even a disgrace to the sci-fi/fantasy genre . Not recommended at all .
 After that funereal Pistols reunion , only thing missing from the glass exhibition case was a `` rockumentary '' . Here it is , kids
 After 20 + years you would 've thought Temple could have made a film without rehashing swindle . 99 % of the footage has been seen before , the only new stuff is the interviews carried out in pitch darkness - probably sounded good in theory , in reality it is profoundly dull.No complete performances , overdubbed music , endless footage of council flats , endless rehashed footage from Swindle . A complete and utter wasted opportunity.Ever get the feelin you 've been cheated ?
 the director julien temple did n't understand what a great band the sex pistols were . he had all this great film-material of the pistols live-performances . what did he do ? he wripped it all apart . every song is permanently interrupted by some footage that is supposed to illustrate some part of the pistols history . you have the pistols playing a song and after the first chorus it cuts to some actors in an old play or a tv-show with comedians . it is really annoying . this film is more about the director trying to be creative and illustrating his associations with absurd metaphors than about the band the sex pistols . it seems one more example of some filmmakers thinking the only thing interesting about a band is a whole lot of unknown music-journalists talking about them . how sad ! the footage of the pistols on stage looks like it 's great . why did n't they show the footage . why did n't they have them play their songs from the beginning to the end ??
 The Pistols made Punk into the biggest media bonanza since hippie.When Punk came out , to spread out its dirty little wings , the generation caught by the narcotic f**k up of the sixties had a new hope something to fight for , to live , but within months the dream was sold , baught out it was turned into another commodity beacause of bands like The Pistols , The Damned , and the Clash . They can stuff their punk credentials , with all their money up their a ** . ANARCHY IN THE UK WHAT A BUNCH OF BOLLOCKS , what did they ever do to live out that dream.They didnt care about punk , they dont wan na worry about anything . They numb their minds on T.V. , space out on coke and dope they dont want their sh*tty lives to surface . I know its sh*t and u know its sh*t but they wont admit to the themselves that the fun they have all that style they got is the same old sh*t . Their music is a joke . Find some other `` Punk '' bands theirs many and a lot better too . THE PISTOLS , BOLLOCKS !!!
 Punk reared it 's ugly head in the 70s as a reaction to the status quo and as a reaction to the music scene at the time . These guys were talentless fools flaunting their foolish anarchist ideology and claiming groups like ELP , Genesis , Yes and the like were all dinosaurs . The problem with these fools is they lacked any social value whatsoever and I seriously question their influence on music in general . The only thing they led to was the idea that anyone could get up and play in a band if you just knew a few chords and could scream and yell propoganda that stupid youngsters ate up . This music lacks originality , composition , thoughtful lyrics or even a true rock 'n' roll spirit . Instead it is hateful and spewing along the same lines as a lot of the rap crap out now . Yes , millions can be wrong ... including you bozo pedroza ... I will never respect this ... give me a break this is absolute garbage and to make a documentary of this is to say these guys were important ... ha , ha , ha ... they aint making music anymore and they never were .
 I was not happy with this movies . It was nott very well written . Long and seemed like it took forever .
 Although he designed and directed a number of notable films , today William Cameron Menzies is best recalled as the director of the `` so bad it 's good '' 1953 INVADERS FROM MARS . His work with the 1951 DRUMS IN THE DEEP SOUTH might be considered a build up to that ham-fisted style , for it has the same flatness . Sad to say , it has none of the same fun.The story concerns a Confederate effort to thwart Sherman 's advance on Atlanta . Strange to say , however , Georgia seems to have been transplanted to the wild west for purposes of the film , which comes complete with a mesa on which the Confederates desire to plant their cannon and fire upon the railroad below . Throw in a love triangle and some of the most uninspired acting you can obtain and you have DRUMS IN THE DEEP SOUTH.Today the film is best recalled for the presence of actress Barbara Payton -LRB- 1927-1967 -RRB- , a performer who trembled on the brink of stardom in the late 1940s and early 1950s before she self-destructed in a hog-wallow of sex , booze , drugs , and front page scandal . It is easy to see what the fuss was about
 This DVD is of a very poor quality , looks like reel to reel copy , similar to a home copy . Guy Madison is listed as apparently the main actor , whereas in reality , he is fourth or fifth down the line . I complained of this to your company at the time of viewing , but heard nothing at all , not even a courtesy reply . Hense , after generally good service , as your company did not fulfil what I think is good business , I have not purchased anything since . Not much to your company , but still fair expenditure in the past from my end . A pity , but unless things chance , that is the situation .
 I GIVE 1 STAR FOR THE DVD NOT THE MOVIE . JUST TO LET YOU GUYS KNOW THAT PARAMOUNT WILL BE RELEASING A 10TH ANNIVERSARY COLLECTOR 'S EDITION OF MISSION IMPOSSIBLE . SEE BELOW.We 've got a few new DVD announcements to report this morning . First up , Paramount has revealed that they 'll debut a Mission
 Enough already ! This movie was a mess when it was released and it remains a mess . De Palma is a much better director then this so all I can imagne is that he was under considerable pressure from the studio to bring it in under a certain time limit . Please , movie gods , whereever you are , how about a director 's cut so we can see what De Palma could really do with this .
 There is a paucity of live video available of the Four Seasons , so it 's awfully tempting to get this DVD , and I did . However , it is very poor . Turns out , it 's an illegitimate Brazilian pressing to DVD of the Four Seasons ' 20th Anniversary Show in Chicago . The audio is horrible , and that 's the main reason for this low rating . You ca n't hear the singing , and the music is all mud . There is an artificially created Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack , or a regular stereo soundtrack , and both are terrible . The 5.1 soundtrack is unlistenable and worse than the stero version . The stereo version is all mud . The video itself is also of poor quality . It looks like -LRB- and is -RRB- a home-made burning of an old videotape to DVD . This same show is available as a VHS called , Frankie Valli Hits from the 60 's , with a picture of Frankie on the front in a leather jacket . The VHS version has better sound and video , as this is essentially an unauthorized bootleg of that . Stay away from this pressing . If you like the Four Seasons , you will be frustrated by this very poor quality product . -LSB- ... -RSB- This is real poor stuff .
 As a big Bronson fan I do n't know what to think of these `` Family Of Cops '' TV movies . Did they really HAVE to make three ? . I do n't think they had to , but unfortunately they made them anyway . The first one was o.k. , and more than enough , but three is stretching it too far . - The old copper he portrays here is simply not interesting enough . Personally , I 'd much rather have liked to see Bronson play two other final characters in two other final movies , than have this dull cop come back twice . -LRB- The father/daughter-relationship between Bronson and Dana Delaney in the TV movie `` Donato & Daughter '' would 've qualified a lot better as a series of TV movies , actually . -RRB- I 'm afraid absolutely nothing of interest to most Bronson fans happen in this series , and it 's a bit of a shame he chose to end his acting career with this dud and not with a bang . It 's not that I mind Bronson doing a bit of serious drama and less action , especially at his age , but the combination does n't work here . Also , the `` F.O.C. '' movies suffer from the same problem many TV series and movies today face ; they have too many characters , and not enough time to care about them .
 I was really looking forward to getting this video , the first of it 's kind that I have ever ordered . I was so disappointed . It was HORRIBLE ! If I could have selected a negative rating , I would have given it a negative 5 star rating . I ca n't say enough bad things about this awful video.First of all , there was no `` instruction '' in this so called instructional video . The commentator might mention something like , deep breathing techniques will allow for longer orgasms . But they never explained how to do the so called deep breathing techniques . Another time the commentator mentioned the infamous G-spot , but never explained how or where it was located . Everything I have read about female orgasm has stated that women do n't have nerve endings in their vaginas , so the idea of a vaginal orgasm is myth . Yet , these so called `` experts '' did nothing to dispell this myth . They even encouraged idiotic myths such as , having sex on a hard weight lifting bench is fun . Ugh!The worst part for me was the performers . I now have a new appreciation for Hollywood and it 's many techniques for making people more attractive with lighting , camera angles and make up . Most of these people were just plain ugly . Men with freckley , pimply backs are just gross . Most of the women shaved their pubic areas and looked freakish . Yuck!My husband and I have sex an average of two times per day , but after watching this video , we were both so turned off we had to go out to eat , just to distract overselves . I will never again trust the Better Sex video series or order from them again ! Do n't waste your money !
 Why would anyone who had had such a miserable childhood want to memorialise it on film ? I grew up in Scotland during the War but it was not miserable like that . Far from it . This movie depressed me and I would recommend that it be burned and forgotten forever . Most of the time you wonder what is going on . Were it not for the sleeve notes I would have no idea . This is not entertainment . As for accuracy , the boys never wore a jacket . There are precious few days in Scotland when you can go out without a jacket or coat . Those boys would have been shivering most of the time . The fire they lit at the beginning with a few sticks and 4 lumps of coal would not have burned for half an hour after which they would have frozen to death . Night time temperatures in Scotland in houses with no central heating , were at or below freezing . What those other reviewers saw in this movie I have no idea . I saw nothing but bleakness , bleakness and more bleakness . Poetic and musical ? Which language are we speaking ? All the poetry of a wet paper bag and all the music of a death wheeze .
 Ever stayed up late one saturday night and been flipping through the channels aimlessly ? infomercial , infomercial , wait ? what was that . somethin catches your eye . it 's griffen drew in a seductive pose with that orgasmic expression on her face . to say one thing ms. drew has those expressions down pat . The storyline is a bit flakey with random lovemaking scenes -LRB- which are , quite exquisite -RRB- and not-the-greatest actors . It 's interesting to see what Edward Albert has done since The Fool Killer -LRB- a much better film -RRB- with Anthony Perkins . Ah well , an entertaining movie at best `` masseuse '' can only be labelled as one os those 1:00 AM eye catchers .
 AS A HISTORY BUFF , I WAS DISSAPOINTED WITH THIS . IT 'S CHEAPLY MADE AND NOT VERY IN DEPTH . LOOK FOR SOMETHING BETTER .
 This is by far one of my all time favorite movies . My wife always loved it , so has my 3-year old boy . So we went ahead and purchased this movie on DVD . However , how annoying is it when the DVD does n't allow you to skip the previews of other insignificant movies before you actually get to see the feature film . This thing locks up your DVD player control completely -LRB- disables functions of menu / stop / fast forward -RRB- and forces you to sit through previews of five movies before ever getting to the Babe feature . It is simply the most offensive and intruding thing my family has ever experienced in DVD 's and VHS.I have a lot of words to describe those folks at Universal Studio , I will try to be gentle . Let 's just put it this way - your limited creativity in marketing really must be the ultimate lowest of all .
 Commercials on DVDs are nothing new . Annoying though they are , you can always skip them with a click of the remote , right ? Not anymore . For Babe , a title targeted at kids no less , Universal saw fit to make the commercials non-skippable . They start as soon as you put the disc in , and the `` Forward '' button on your DVD player wo n't let you bypass them . The `` Menu '' button has no effect either . Even the `` Stop '' button wo n't work ! Once the commercials start -- including one for the dreadful Cat In The Hat that 's nails-on-chalkboard offensive -- there 's no escape from them ! Shame on Universal for ruining the long-awaited widescreen debut of this wonderful film . My solution
 Babe , a 5 star delight of a movie , is more beautiful than ever in widescreen . The single star is for the Universal DVD . I have always supported the notion that the best way to make money is to sell a quality product . Universal does n't seem to agree . The disc starts off with 5 minutes of forced advertising -LRB- some marketing ` genius ' at Universal deserves to lose a job over that idea -RRB- . The special features are the poorest I have ever seen for a special edition and include a ` making of ' that is a downright lie ; 5 minutes of computer graphics about how they made the animals seem to speak . I prefer to buy DVDs because I want to , not because they are the only choice , but if you want to see Babe this is the only choice .
 First and foremost
 The movie is fine , but the DVD has previews of other movies that can not be skipped over . Please do n't pay money to support this practice . If you pay for the movie , you should n't have to pay again by watching ads .
 One of the benefits of DVDs is the ability to skip to any part of the movie easily . This benefit is exceptionally true when you have kids and they want to watch a movie . Normally , you can skip the trailers and head right to the movie or at least the main menu . This DVD makes you go through each of the many trailers before you can get to the main menu . You ca n't fast forward through them or skip them . You must wait until the trailers have completed then select `` Play '' from the main menu . Because of this , we would have rather bought the VHS version of the movie . With a tape , you can at least fast forward through the trailers !
 What was Universal thinking ? One of the great thing about DVDs in the ability to skip the previews at the beginning of most VHS tapes . The first thing this DVD does is disable all controls so it FORCES the viewer to watch ALL of the previews , including one for that horrible ` Cat in the Hat ' flick . The only button that works is EJECT . That 's right , you ca n't even select STOP !
 Here is one of the best movies ever made , but with 1/3 of the image missing . Do n't buy this one , folks , wait and buy the wide-screen version .
 This film , which was nominated for the Best Picture Oscar in 1995 , is fabulous , on both the DVD and DVD-DTS versions now available.But why in the world would Universal Home Video take one of its golden movies from its great library and slap it onto a DVD in a full aspect ratio -LRB- TV Land -RRB- format ? The video and audio quality are terrific . Otherwise , the `` no-widescreen '' decision does n't make sense at all.Is this a `` trend '' adopted by some home video divisions at the studios in California to accommodate the still larger group of non-purists who prefer seeing movies in the dumb pan and scan or what I laughably call the `` HBO format ? `` Go over to AMC and Turner Classic Movies on cable and the trend over there , for people who are movie purists , is in a completely opposite direction . More of their films are being shown on cable in the widescreen format . `` Babe '' is the second major crtically acclaimed Universal studio release on DVD that is being offered without the widescreen format . The other , and you 'll choke on this when you hear this , is `` The Sting , '' the intricate `` con '' film that WON the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1973 . Even more puzzling is Universal Studio 's decision to release the sequel , `` Babe
 Several previous reviewers are dead-on . Babe , is of course , a clever , funny , touching movie . It 's one of the few movies that I and my 3-year old can both enjoy over and over . But the marketing jerks at Universal have seen fit to force several lengthy advertisements on you every time you try to watch the movie . What 's more , they 've coded them to be non-skippable , so you MUST sit through them every time you want to watch the movie -LRB- you can fast forward , but you ca n't skip over them -RRB- . This is offensive and intrusive in any dvd you 've purchased -LRB- and arguably fraudulent as it 's not disclosed on the package -RRB- , but it 's even worse with a movie like Babe that 's targeted largely at kids . First , it illustrates that Universal has outright contempt for parents ' rights to decide what types of films are , or are not , appropriate for their kids . Second , if you have a small child who really wants to watch Babe -LRB- or whatever -RRB- , it 's difficult for them to understand why they should have to sit through 15 minutes of Universal 's marketing crap before the movie starts -LRB- something that 's not true with numerous other children 's DVD 's -RRB- . Shame , shame Universal . I 'd encourage you to rent , download , pirate , or borrow this DVD rather than buying it , at least until Universal ceases its offensive , dishonest marketing tactics .
 The movie is great . This disc will end up in your trashcan in pieces unless you have the patience of a saint . Universal pictures has decided that you are paying them for the imperative privilege of watching ten minutes of previews . / Dumb / previews , through which you can not fast forward and from which you can not access the main menu . Buy the movie elsewhere or pirate it .
 I tried probably 8 times ! i love this movie ! i was really upset . I made popcorn and was all set with a cozy blanket and then i was heart broken , I followed all the directions ! I even tried disconnecting and reconnecting my internet nothing helped . I guess I ll be sticking to dvds from now on .
 I rented this movie several years ago , played it on a VHS and regular TV and thought it was excellent . The story , cinematography , special effects , and setting are superb -LRB- and I 'm 58 years old , not a kid -RRB- . Recently I upgraded my audio/visual home theater set up to the tune of -LRB- $ -RRB- which included a new Sony 34 '' widescreen HDTV -LRB- incredible -RRB- . Building a DVD library , Babe was one of a number of DVD 's I wanted to include.Come to find out it has only been released on DVD in Full Screen -LRB- Standard -RRB- - 1.33:1 format , not widescreen . What a disappointment . Come on Universal Studios . Whoever made that decision , IMHO , is a dolt . Fire that guy and issue Babe in widescreen anamorphic . A beautiful film squeezed into Standard format , what a shame.Some older films -LRB- DVD 's -RRB- , like Casablanca and Dr. Strangelove , I watch often on the widescreen TV , even though they are the standard aspect ratio . But these were originally produced in that aspect ratio , Babe was not.In widescreen anamorphic Babe is without a doubt 5 stars . In DVD Standard it 's not worth watching on a widescreen HDTV because what nags at the back of my mind is how beautiful it could really be .
 I was disappointed with this show , especially the ending . There did n't seem to be a point to the story . Sure , Babe was cute , and it is kind of sweet to see the animals talk , but I do n't think this movie would hold much interest to those over 10 . If you want a really fantastic pig movie , watch Charlotte 's Web .
 I just got done watching this movie and am really disgusted.If the writers intention was to make kids and adults cry and be horrified , well thumbs up.After giving each animal personality , they got killed off.this movie went from bad to worse.The kids were so upset by it , i turned it off 3/4 of the way through and tossed it in the trash.I kept fastforwarding over sad parts , thinking it had to get happier , only to have something more awful happen next.It had potential to be wonderful , with the animation and scenery , but they made it a movie that animal lovers can not stomach .
 I 'm sorry , but my eyes were filled with tears through the entire movie !!! Sure , it 's nice seeing the animals talk , but it 's SOO ` darn ' sad ! It 's just another depressing animal movie.If you love animals and want a good bawl , this movie 's for you .
 This is the WORST movie I have EVER seen . We had to see it in our class one day . The teacher said that I HAD to watch . Reluctantly , I sat down . I hated it . She fast forwarded it to the middle so we could see the end . Even that part was bad , and I did n't see all of it ! I 'd give it -10 stars for horrible scenes , cruelty to animals , and lack of trying . DO N'T SEE IT EVER !!!
 This is the worst movie ever!I can not explain in words how bad this movie is.I give Babe 1 million points for really bad aciting , really bad charters , and really bad story.It 's hard to belive this movie won an award.I ca n't belive I wasted my life watching this bad film .
 This is the WORST movie I have EVER seen . We had to see it in our class one day . The teacher said that I HAD to watch . Reluctantly , I sat down . I hated it . She fast forwarded it to the middle so we could see the end . Even that part was bad , and I did n't see all of it ! I 'd give it -10 stars for horrible scenes , cruelty to animals , and lack of trying . DO N'T SEE IT EVER !!!
 The pre-roll ad is unskippable . And long . And obnoxious . I paid for the DVD , I should n't have to wait through a 2 minute commercial to watch it .
 The movie is a classic , but I would n't purchase this DVD again . You are forced to sit through 10 minutes of previews , some of which are inappropriate for kids . There is no way to skip through the previews .
 When placing Babe in the DVD player I was not able to fast forward , jump to the main menu , etc. until _ after _ all the movie previews on the DVD were played . My daughter actually stood in front of the TV and started to cry because she wanted the movie to start . Shame on Universal for ruining what is supposed to be a fun experience . I 've paid for the DVD - I should have full control over what is shown and not be forced to watch yet more advertising . I 'll be asking for my money back on this DVD .
 I have seen some pretty bad movies in my day but this has to be the worst . From beginning to end the plot was mindless and the acting was horrible . If there is anyone out there who actually liked this movie I think they may need to spend some time in therapy .
 This movie opens with Crocodile Dundee blowing things up in the New York Harbor and instead of getting arrested , the Coast Guard -LRB- or is it NYPD -RRB- laughs because he 's just another whacky Australian engaging in antics . Because after all , no one that strange would ever be in New York City so they should give him the benefit of the doubt or something.It just gets worse . As Croc decides to get a job dealing stationary , the girlfriend 's old boyfriend/friend/who cares he 's dead 10 minutes after you see him anyhow gets pictures of drug dealers shooting people . He 's shot but not before getting the pictures to her . Oh yeah , and the drug dealers seem a little more like drag queens than big time dealers . But then again , these are Hispanic actors and it would be years before Robert Rodriguez did any movies that anyone would want to be in , so they took the dealer roles because La Cage Aux Falles was n't hiring . There 's also the big white guy with the ponytail who would later go on to Hong Kong and get beat up by Jet Li in a dozen movies , but he 's pretty inconsequential here.And when the Crocodile Dundee gets a `` gang '' -LRB- although real gang members do n't wear mohawks because their friends would beat them senseless for it . Nor do they cultivate a Boy George look , unless they have discovered new things in prison -RRB- to help him break into the dealer 's house and rescue the girlfriend , the tamest version of Wild One comes on the soundtrack and you know that Iggy Pop should sue whoever convinced him to give the rights over.And the less said about the cowboy junk at the end the better . Although it 's not as awful as the rest of the movie , you are cheernig on the bad guys by this point , if only it would mean that the movie would end sooner.So if you remember watching this movie as a kid and you are tempted to buy it now , do n't . Let your memories lie dormant without trouble . This is not even a bad movie that you can enjoy -LRB- like Showgirls -RRB- . This is just bad .
 My ex-boyfriend Jeff and I rented this movie a while back and we had very different opinions . I thought the movie was childish , stupid and just simply not dope . Jeff on the other hand thought it was a great movie . I feel it takes a very warped individual to like this movie . This may be why I have since dumped Jeff and moved in with my new boyfriend Jermaine .
 Although the set is advertised as being from 2009 and in new condition , the DVD 's that arrived in the set are NOT FROM 2009 . Rather it appears to be a compilation of mismatched inventory with cases showing shelf/friction wear . The workbooks are from 2003 and the DVD 's have a copyright 2004 - 2007 . -LRB- On the second set , one DVD label stated it was from 2009 , while the case said 2006 -RRB- . In both sets , two of the other DVD 's have a different copyright year than that of the respective case cover -LRB- 2005 Disk in 2006 case , 2007 disk in 2006 case -RRB- . The mismatch has me questioning if this is a `` new '' set ... definitely not a set from 2009 . I returned one set thinking it was a returned copy and received another mismatch of inventory on the second set.In the neck DVD -LRB- 2009 DVD/2006 case -RRB- the training and video technology was extremely well done ; camera on the techniques , indexed well , and has picture inserts that add clarity . If the rest of the DVD 's were of the same vintage , technology and quality of training then I would have rated it 5 stars for the DVD portion . Unfortunately , this technology only occurred in the neck DVD.The other DVD 's -LRB- 2004 - 2007 -RRB- have less technical and training quality . At times and at times the camera is focused on the back of the instructor 's shirt instead of showing the technique . The workbooks have copyright on the cover within the 2009 year , on an inside page there is a statement that the handouts and material is copyright 2003 , and the pages have yet a different copyright date.Each DVD and case -LRB- 2004 on up -RRB- provides a link to download a free PDF course manual to accompany the DVD . The web page resulting from the link , states that the DVD 's are coming in the fall ; however , it does not specify which year to expect it to be available.I would like to know if the others received the advertised product or old inventory . The inventory question has been raised on multiple occasions and goes unanswered.On the plus side the series of techniques are effective and a great start or addition to a practice . On the down side , the product received is not a release from September 10 , 2009 as advertised ; nor do the links lead to the downloadable course manual as printed on the cover and disk .
 OK , me being from Germany and grew up in the eighties , the prime time of Heavy Metal , my expectaions are high.I first got in contact with Helloween , when they recorded a sampler -LRB- along with Grave Digger and others -RRB- for Noise Records . I was overwhelmed , heavy , fast , agressive , everything I could ask for . Their first mini album was absolutely awesome , I say , a must have along with the following ` Walls of Jericho ' album , both deserve 5 stars . When Helloween dicided to have Michael Kiske take over the vocals , it was still very good . The music became more complex and melodic , but still heavy . Than came the breaking point . Kai Hansen , the lead of Helloween left and all went down the drain . Helloween did not have a good album ever since and Kai 's new bands never quite hit it big time either.Watching the DVD , along with the absolute annoying cuts in between the songs , put tears in eyes . What happend to the band I have seen and adored in several live performances . Poor , the `` highlites '' are ` Future world ' and ` Dr. Stein ' , two weeker songs from their past . Michi Weikart stage performance is having a cigarette in his mouth and plays the guitar bored out of his mind . The rest tries but even the fans are somehow not to much into the concert . We can not bring the old times back , but everyone who had the chance to see the band during their ` Keeper ' Tour and before that will agree , that we have lost one of the greatest and most talented bands ever come out of Germany , Europe and this planet .
 It 's actually a zero star . In product details , it says it has English subtitles . And even on the back of DVD case , it says both The Butterfly Effect and The Butterfly Effect 2 have English subtitles . In reality , the former does n't provide the subtitles . New Line Home Video studio just conned me , other customers , and sellers . I 'll have to return it .
 Instead of watching this video , go to the library and read a list of the Kings and Queens . You will receive the same information , almost . The information in the library will more than likely be correct .
 Kent Hovind is not a scientist , biologist , or archeologist . He was a Christian school teacher who begain collecting and compiling information and theories about creationism and evolution into a series of lectures and sermons . Some of what he has to say is good , while some is rejected by even creationists . Dr. Hovind is also a believer in conspirarcy theories regarding the UN , the US Government , and 9-11 , and is a tax resister -LRB- which led to his conviction on tax evasion charges -RRB- . While this has little to do with his work on creationism , it does call into question his credibility.If you want to research or study creationism , I recommend that you pass on Dr. Hovind 's work and check out material by organizations like Answers In Genesis and Creation Ministries International . They employ real scientists and are much more reliable sources of creationist material .
 I 've long been a fan of Robert B. Parker Spenser books but , even though I watched them , I did n't really care much for the Robert Urich `` Spenser for Hire '' series . Too ` goody two-shoes ' and ` television-ized . ' That 's why , when I found these Joe Mantegna movies , I enthusiastically thought that someone made some Spenser movies that were a little more ` raw ' and true to the books . What a disappointment ! The stories were accurate enough , but Joe Mantegna as Spenser ? A former cop and boxer ? I do n't THINK so ! I found him , and the actors filling the roles of Hawk and Susan to be completely unbelievable and wrong for the parts . These movies really made me MISS the Robert Urich series !
 Purchased this video to see WW2 combat aircraft -- the aircraft seen are almost incidental to the video which is mostly about the US Fleets . Bad title for the video !
 I was looking forward to it because the previews make it look so good . I waited over a year to get this movie . Very dissappointing and depressing ... too uch time spent on Robert DeNiro 's time getting to the kids ... . very depressing story .
 This film is quite good , but the original Italian film , is a thing of pure beauty.Again Hollywood tailors a great idea , for an American market.Don ' t get me wrong , this version is ` fine ' but the original ` Stanno tutti bene ' is brilliant .
 Robert Deniro is good in this movie but the content is depressing . It is funny in some parts but I would not see it again .
 because I believe in God through Jesus Christ and DeNiro curse God . I though to give to the library , but I did not agreed with it because it was not a solution so I break it and trash it .
 As a christian
 I 'm dismayed to realize that this film was written by the same folks that gave us `` Waking Ned Devine '' , which was a warm and funny film , and a fun story . This movie is like `` About Schmidt '' the Lite Version . Like Jack Nicholson 's character , DeNiro 's Mr. Goode is recently widowed -LRB- although the wife passes before the movie starts -RRB- ; she 's the one who kept in touch with the kids . So , alienated widower dad goes on a road trip to visit each of his kids , with an envelope for each ; and nobody knows he 's coming . Surprise!Well , Surprise on him actually because one of his sons is in trouble , but no one wants to tell Dad . And , Dad 's afraid of flying so he starts out on a train bound for NYC , and there we learn that he made the PFC covering for the wires that run along the track , the road , and all over America . At that point the viewer begins to suspect this movie was conceived on a commuter train as the writer , or someone , watched the gently swooping visual rythym of the wires running alongside the tracks . Then , as much of the plot is advanced , and the audience brought up to speed with what was set in motion before we got in front of the TV , by way of telephone conversations we -LRB- the audience -RRB- overhear while the camera focuses in on the overhead wires , we began to think that this whole plane phobia is also a plot device.So , Dad shows up and nobody can spend any time with him , because they 've all got plans to go out of town , including one of his daughters , who is headed to Mexico to find their brother . But no one tells Dad . Dad , meanwhile gets his heart meds crushed , which one immediately suspects is also just another plot device , and sure enough , he ends up in the hospital after refusing the sensible idea of going to a pharmacy and getting another Rx . Now he has a dream of his aged , widowed self , at a picnic table in his back yard , with his kids , as kids , but explaining why they never tell him the truth about anything , and the audience is finally as much in the know as pretty much anybody else.So , Dad goes home . By plane . Why not ? We do n't need the wires anymore . There 's a bit more , but you 'll want something fresh to nibble on if you watch this.My partner and I both come from similar families . Mine wo n't talk about bad news , his simply says `` Everything 's Fine '' even if someone just had a heart attack . But even with that personal connection this film just does n't work as anything more than fluff . Again , I point to `` About Schmidt '' where a similar character , played by Jack Nicholson , in a similar situation , heads out in a motorhome he and his wife bought for vacations he never wanted to take ; to see his daughter as she prepares to marry a truly flaky fiance ; but the mother in law is a hoot . Along the way Jack nearly becomes a homewrecker , in a trailer park . Things happen , people do n't work out . In this film a nice little romance is suggested and then abandoned . He hits all the conventional spots along the road -LRB- except for Seattle -RRB- and ... yawn ... the movie ends with , well I ca n't tell you that.There are a lot of terrible movies out there . Anything with Adam Sandler , for example . So this is n't Bad , it just is n't very good either . Like Kool Aid instead of nice fresh juice . I 'd put it off so you can see the stuff you 've been putting off , and if you forget about it , well , so be it . Or maybe watch it with Shirley MacLanes `` Carolina '' , which is slightly better , Kool Aid with Seven Up . They would make a nice shut-in afternoon , this winter during a storm , or this fall in a hurricane shelter .
 The DVD 's sound track was defective which made watching the movie challenging . The sound would come and go . The movie itself had a good story line .
 A set of very unusual dysfunctional grown-up children who seem to be incapable of relating to their father . The story proceeds as if it 's being written as it was being filmed . Unfortunately there 's really no character development behind any of the people involved , so we do n't know why they turned out the way they did . It 's a sad movie and I 'd recommend avoiding it .
 I loved `` Waking Ned Devine , '' which was written and directed by Kirk Jones , and greatly enjoyed `` Nanny McPhee , '' which was also directed by Jones . So I felt confident that `` Everybody 's Fine , '' both written and directed by Kirk Jones , would have humor and heart.I was dead wrong.I 'm tempted to list a few -LRB- trust me , VERY few -RRB- spoilers to show how barren this film was of ideas , or even a real story . I could describe everything that happens in a single sentence ... but I could n't tell you why any of it would be considered entertaining , enlightening , moving , or meaningful.In fairness , I 'll say that the first five minutes or so of the film were deceptively good , and DeNiro made me care about his character in that short amount of time . But once he hit the road to see his various children , the production went over a cliff . Characters turned into caricatures , and the few stylistic flourishes only served to show how mundane and unimaginative the other 95 % of the film was.I 'd love to know if this movie really turned out the way Kirk Jones wanted it to , or if the Hollywood system somehow corrupted a story and vision that was originally worth sharing . In any event `` Everybody 's Fine '' decidedly is n't .
 Say what you will , and cast this review aside if you must , but Hollywood has an agenda . And this film drives that agenda all the way home , pardon my alluding to the final scene.To make my point , I challenge anybody to find a `` chick flick '' i.e. romantic comedy released in the last 10 years or so that does n't have some overt promotion or acceptance of homosexuality . I suspect you will come up with only about one in five . It is part of the LGBT public policy targeting.Well , Kirk Jones certainly has placed that in this story -LRB- although not a romantic comedy -RRB- , particularly in the character of daughter Rosie played by Drew Barrymore . But more than that , just as this group of siblings constantly lies to father Frank -LRB- Robert DeNiro -RRB- , Mr. Jones is misleading his audience about fatherhood and family values . Sadly , this too appears to be an Hollywood agenda . DeNiro 's character is very clearly an average Joe , indeed an amazingly everyday average guy . He worked hard in a factory , then around the house , etc. and `` pushed '' his children to apply themselves so as to become successful adults . Instead , ALL of the kids are a mess , and father 's pushing is to blame.Frankly , if all the fathers in America were as Frank Goode was in this film , we would be a far better place I am sure . Instead , we are like the dysfunctional family who has come home to gather around the table seeking acceptance for what they have become , and in that acceptance will they finally lay their blame of dad and his strict values to rest.In presenting his agenda film , Mr. Jones couches it all in what I must admit is an astonishingly well acted and directed work . There is not a wasted bit of footage here . DeNiro is incredible , as are all the actors including those who play the `` flashback '' kids . I am saddened that Jones has wasted all this to lie to us , just as Frank 's kids lied to him .
 This movie can serve as an illustration of how Hollywood corruption works . Obviously , all Hollywood fare is not_pure_evil ; the BKs who run Tinsletown would n't make enough money to come near slaking their insatiable avarice if they_only_put out movies like `` American Pie '' or the `` Saw '' franchise . Everyone knows that family movies -LRB- rated PG-13 , PG and G -RRB- bring in the most money . However , these evil men who control the movie industry just ca n't resist inserting at least a smidgen of their poisonous values into even the most innocent movies . We 've all noticed it
 I liked the actors in this movie , so I was curious about it . After watching it , all I hope is that I will forget it quickly . It was n't just a drama -LRB- not a comedy at all -RRB- , but a sad and depressing drama that left me feeling yucky after watching it . Aside from what I believe about heaven , I struggled with how this film used it -- it is simply a convenient mechanism for the story to tie together . It was also painful for me to watch how the children related to their father and vice versa . There seems to be so much blaming who we are on our parents -- and that 's essentially what this movie is -- one long , long story about blaming who they were on their dad.I do n't recommend watching this movie . I think there 's a lot of other movies that are far better to watch -- both in terms of acting and script .
 Do n't let the cover fool you ... these characters do n't smile for long . This movie is not a family comedy . It is sad and depressing .
 What a waste of a good cast . This could have easily been a 1970s ' ABC Movie of the Week . Substitute Ed Asner for Robert DeNiro , Connie Selleca for Kate Beckinsale , and so on and you get the idea.The ending was predictable and pedestrian . You never got a sense that these people could even be remotely related rather than sisters and brother and father.Also , for a road-trip movie , the settings lack authenticity of place . Why would Denver be the home of the Northwest Symphony ? Did the screenwriter and director both confuse Boise for Denver ?
 It 's not fine ! It 's totally boring . I ca n't believe I paid full price for this lame film . Robert DeNiro , who would have thoughtNo one is fine ! Everyone in this movie will put you to sleep . The story is long , drawn out , and a total bore . With a great cast who would have guessed . To be honest I could n't tell you what the movie is about . All I can remember is I had to watch it twice because I kept falling asleep . The holidays are n't the same since Deniro 's wife passed so he sets out on surprise visits to his children . He seemed to be an unexpected intruder to his own children . The movie could 've been better if it were humorus instead of dramatic . This movie was not fine .
 We watched this movie last night and I kept saying to my husband , this very manipulative movie constitutes a de facto argument for gay child-rearing . This De Niro character seems a ball of horrible parental cliches rolled into one . To such an extent that it seems unfair to straight dads . He is at once unconsciously nasty , disempowering , clueless and self-righteously proud of the misinformation that fills his head . Surely nobody has quite the bases covered in such a throughly even way . That evenness of blunderbuss emotional inappropriateness is what tells you that this movie was from the get-go conceived as a very manipulative affair . They were hoping to have a sort of parent-child Pavlovian effect on as many people as possible and make some dough out of very serious and tender issue . It is pretty disgusting . People who would make a thing like this are probably beyond shame . But for consumers it is worth noting that films as an `` art form '' have apparently made a significant negative progression . They always contained manipulation , but some fellow-feeling or sense of decency prevailed somehow . They tugged at heartstrings to bolster commonly accepted healthful emotions . Or when they did horror it was horror , and calculated to fulfill other psychic needs of certain age groups . But here is a new low . It tries to spread the psychological complexity so throughly and recklessly that it will likely effect everyone , and then , amazingly tops it off with a cherry of even more blunderbuss misunderstanding . On this note the best scene is when the father character is in a dream sequence at a table with this kids as children , but they are all are spouting adult insights . Naturally , per the sledge-hammer manipulation of the director , the father character is treating them all like children . But the scene seems consciously modeled after Alice and Wonderland sitting at table with the Mad Hatter and other characters . Except that whereas that famous scene offered artistic insight , this one is like a bull-in-a-china-shop 's attempt at a weird and unlikely table decorum . In other words , it is not the insight that comes from absurdist exaggeration , but the absurdity of pornography , emotional pornography . As if to confirm this very fact the movie ends with the most pornographically absurd moment of all . Having just learned recently that one of his kids died of over-dose , and that he was lied to by his kids who do n't trust his maturity one bit , he is moved by all this into even more emotional prevarication . We knew he was not even remotely judging the facts of life accurately when he visited his musician son who is now the percussionist for a major symphony orchestra in Denver . In case anyone is not aware of the classical music world , which is sadly the apparent presumption of the makers of the film , being a percussionist in a major orchestra is a very big deal . And Denver , though not the Boston Symphony , would certainly count . But the father character who is intended to be more a spectral presence that anything emotional real , bizarrely chides the son for settling for `` playing the drums . '' Well , this is just hilarious . And by the way I can well imagine virtuoso timpanists , on whom virtually every great symphony ever written rely , just shaking their heads in disbelief , and wanting to strike the gong in their percussion battery if like the gong-show it would get the father character to be pulled off the stage . But no , he has yet greater emotional misprisions to perform . But none as great as the final lines where he tells himself `` Everybody 's Fine '' . Though a significant percentage of his family fineness is inconvenienced by the fact of being quite dead , he asserts his right as paterfamilias for delusion . It is such a ghoulish performance all the way around that it really does make you wonder if it is meant to set the mind wondering if there might , perchance , be an alternative to this hyperbolic emotional recklessness of a man like this . Might it be in gay people who are famously , allegedly , more in touch with their emotions . Who knows if this was even in the background . Probably they just wanted to make money . And they found a newly low way to do it .
 As a big Bronson fan I do n't know what to think of these `` Family Of Cops '' TV movies . Did they really HAVE to make three ? . I do n't think they had to , but unfortunately they made them anyway . The first one was o.k. , and more than enough , but three is stretching it too far . - The old copper he portrays here is simply not interesting enough . Personally , I 'd much rather have liked to see Bronson play two other final characters in two other final movies , than have this dull cop come back twice . -LRB- The father/daughter-relationship between Bronson and Dana Delaney in the TV movie `` Donato & Daughter '' would 've qualified a lot better as a series of TV movies , actually . -RRB- I 'm afraid absolutely nothing of interest to most Bronson fans happen in this series , and it 's a bit of a shame he chose to end his acting career with this dud and not with a bang . It 's not that I mind Bronson doing a bit of serious drama and less action , especially at his age , but the combination does n't work here . Also , the `` F.O.C. '' movies suffer from the same problem many TV series and movies today face ; they have too many characters , and not enough time to care about them .
 From the cover , I expected a loving approach to better sex for couples but after viewing I felt this dvd was very close to being a straight out porn video with no plot or purpose just sex scenes . Will not purchase any additional series or volumes . This is my only my opinion .
 I just do n't get it . A just-barely-OK lengthy take of `` Interstellar '' with footage including some weird -LRB- not at all in a good/interesting way ... I mean weird that anyone decided that it was relevant to the Floyd -RRB- faux-psychedelic documentary about London circa ' 66 / '67 interspersed with precious few live clips -LRB- again , not that bomb ... some footage finds PF looking about as enthused as a kid in church -RRB- and you have this perplexingly disappointing release . This is almost bootleg level in terms of editing quality and intention as a piece of art but that besmirches the good name of the better quality bootlegs I 've enjoyed in my life . This so totally sucks and was probably only vaguely authorized by the band . It certainly seems designed to slip into the `` gim me everything '' filterless , fanboy bloodstream . Which is a shame . Do n't waste your money . Even if you 're hardcore ... it just might make you angrier ...
 The infamous Sam Hell returns , only this time , instead of out-of-work wrestler Rowdy Roddy Piper , the film 's star is played by B-movie hero , the living punchline , Robert Z'Dar ! You may remember him as the title role of the three MANIAC COP flix or as the villain of TANGO & CASH ... actually , I think it best that none of us be remined of TANGO & CASH , so let 's forget I said anything . This time , Sam and his fellow Texas Rocket Rangers must go back to Frogtown and free there co-worker Lou Ferrigno , known best for his work as the title role in the `` Incredible Hulk '' TV series ! Here he is once again , in green body paint as Sam and friends must save him from the newly roboticized Cammander Toadie and his hopping minions . Will they suceed ? Who cares , I came to see the frogs baby !
 the very first disk was defective and i called the company and they told me `` tough ''
 AND THAT IS BORING AND SNOBISH ! I watched the first two hours of this and coud n't keep awake . The narritor 's voice was monotone . I wanted to shout at his pompous , snobish demeanor SHUT UP !! In my opinion is not the proper way to educate is to entertain at all god 's peoples . With the narritor , granted he is educated but does he have to shove his creditals and his attitude from the gecko . When you take people on a educating journey -LRB- such as nine hours long -RRB- invite them like you would invite into a warm a loving welcoming home . I felt with his demeanor and atitude felt beat up and like I was crawling on my hands and knees through out the first two hours . I am not watching the rest of the seven hours and returning this DVD set back to the library and saying `` Check Please '' .
 I would just like to thank the Sinclair Institute for robbing me and the other 4 million people who bought their videos of our money.I can not believe that someone would produce something that is this terrible.Let me save you some money . This video reveals no `` SECRETS '' to sex and no `` AMAZING '' positions . The Doctors that give the advice provide a lot of Medical Mumbo Jumbo.Let me save you some money . The video has bad actors filmed in a terrible setting . It looks like a bad 70s adult flick . Yes a 70s film . Nothing from this millennium that 's for sure.As for an overall synopsis
 I purchased the Better Sex Videos with my boyfriend because we were looking for something new for our relationship . Well I purchased this DVD with their Sexual Positions For Lovers - Beyond the Missionary Position.What a mistake . When the DVD arrived I noticed that the couples are not attractive -LRB- turn off for both of us -RRB- , the quality was terrible , and the information provided was basic information that everyone knows . As for the positions , they are general positions that anyone knows.This company claims that they have sold 4 million videos . I wonder how many returns they have gotten out of those 4 million.I would give this and the Sexual Positions For Lovers - Beyond the Missionary Position zero stars if I could . Do n't be fooled . Save your money.If you are looking for a great sex position DVD , try
 I ca n't hear the great Sills , I 'll recommend her roberto in cd instead . Wolftrap has bed accoustics . I was there , and Sills was great . But the recording is badly miked . She sounds thin and can hardly be heard .
 I 've purchased many concert music DVD 's -LRB- and other things -RRB- from Amazon and am very happy with prices and fast delivery . I 've never taken the opportunity to review an item , until I watched this one.This DVD package contains two , dreadful one-hour documentaries which were horribly pieced-together from various other documentaries . In that regard , the title `` Masterpieces -LRB- Collectors Special Edition -RRB- '' makes sense , but there 's nothing here close to an Eric Clapton masterpiece . Even if you paid nothing -LRB- instead of the high $ 25 price -RRB- and got free shipping , it would still have cost you two hours of your time.If Eric 's guitar playing and singing is what interests you , get his One More Car , One More Rider and Live in Hyde Park dvd 's . -LRB- You can probably buy both here for the same price as this useless item . -RRB- Then , you 'll be hearing , seeing , enjoying , real Eric Clapton masterpieces .
 Not a masterpiece . There is much better footage out there.Don ' t waste your money .
 I 'm a big fan of Eric Clapton and his music dating from the Yardbirds forward . He 's done a tremendous body of work . Unfortunately you wo n't find much here worth buying . The overall content and quality are pretty poor . Rather than masterpieces this more like the stuff left -LRB- for good reason -RRB- out of many other DVD 's covering his work .
 I have no idea how it did in the theater , and further , I do n't much care.Even with the acting potential of Terry Farrell -LRB- Star Trek , Deep Space Nine -RRB- and Parker Stevenson -LRB- Hardy Boys , Baywatch -RRB- , this just plods along . A group of military criminals are given one last chance -- go on a mission to occupy a space-outpost , held by enemy forces . Unfortunately , something is loose , and killing everyone nearby.The acting was wooden , everyone seems capable of two emotions -- fear and anger . There are no light points , no comedic moments , no gentleness in the movie . There are no low moments that are necessary to the increase in tension . As a result , the tension never really gets going , and the entire movie falls flat.It 's not really even worth one star , but Amazon.com has that as a minimum . I 'm glad I rented it . I 'd probably try to return it if I 'd actually bought it .
 Terry Farrell , Rick Springfield , Parker Stevenson , Corey Feldman are the `` headline '' actors in this flat and slow moving Sci-Fi Channel exclusive . None of them are directed to their potential in this excuse of an `` Aliens '' wannabe . Poor storyline also contributes . Only buy this if you are a deranged fan of one of the actors and you want to throw away a hundred bucks .
 this would have been a really good movie if they had n't hacked out half of it . I 've only seen the real one once and it was great . in this they hacked out Toshiro Mifune and a bunch of other characters . The cutting is worse than when they -LSB- messed -RSB- with the battle of the bulge or when they lopped out the corral sea battle in midway . if they left in this footage it would make much more sense . I bet Ted Turner 's crew was reponsible for these cuts .
 This is actually a little painful to watch . The production feels exactly like `` Thorn Birds '' or `` Shogun '' . Sure the sets and costumes are all first-rate . Sure the supporting cast know their lines and do n't bump into the furniture . But ... hmmmmm ... The TV feeling gets more obvious and annoying the longer you watch . You just want somebody to grab the camera and DO SOMETHING ! ARRRGH ! And there 's Peck , walking here & walking there . Looking at this & that . He 's acting 's first rate considering he 's acting for television -LCB- -LCB- groan -RCB- -RCB- . Though Peck was such an introverted actor , it 's interesting to see him saunter about with most of his face covered up . Introverted actors generally need closeups to show their mental wheels turning . It would 've been better to have a director like Franklin J. Schaffner , or just ANYBODY besides this `` Jaws the Revenge '' turkey . Arrrgh ! If it were n't for Peck , the whole thing would have the cinematic consistency of bubblegum & sandpaper . But even he ca n't save this beige disaster .
 In my review of the Midway ` Collector 's edition ' DVD I asked the question
 Some of your reviewers must have been watching a different movie to me . This one is a shocker with bad production values , wooden acting , mistakes galore but I loved the final scene after the carrier has docked . Take a look at the couple of hundred people they rounded up in the background.They all seem to be still dressed circa 1976 and anyway which navy would let civilians anywhere near a naval base in the Pacific in 1942 ?
 The overall presentation of the Midway campaign is accurate but this movie was made on the cheap and it shows . The plight of Heston 's son and his Japanese American girlfriend shows a real problem that existed but is poorly integrated into the plot.The real problem is the combat footage , almost all of which was stolen from elsewhere and stuck in with no sense of responsibility . First , do n't use recognizable footage from one of the best WWII films made , Tora , Tora , Tora , especially using the very recognizable P40 , an army plane not used at Midway , taking off against a mountainous background just after you 've used a long shot showing that Midway was a flat atoll . Second , pay attention to what you just showed -- do not show a single seat fighter crashing just after you 've shown the interior of a three seat plane getting shot up . Do n't mix dive bombing -LRB- steep angle -RRB- and glide bombing -LRB- shallow angle -RRB- shots and do not !! show an extrior of the plane pulling out of a dive and then flip back to a studio shot showing the cockpit still pitched at a downward angle.Finally , the Yorktown was not hit by a kamikaze so do n't use the footage of the USS Franklin getting hit late in the war.You do n't have to be the type of military buff who can tell the different versions of a plane by small details to notice this kind of corner cutting . Instead of competing with Tora Tora Tora , the makers of Pearl Harbor should have remade this one .
 midway is not a bad film ... but the dvd is done in one mono channel only . . when the film was made it was in sensurround . . and i thought the audio would be at least surround . . but is it not and the video is still not what it should be ... so go vhs and enjoy a pretty good film but not one of charlton 's best ...
 What a crock!I bought this DVD in the -LRB- vain -RRB- hope it contained the entire 2:45 minute movie not just the stupid love scenes -LRB- which I really do n't care for . -RRB- The long version -LRB- rarely seen on TV -RRB- of Midway with more detail -LRB- among the missing scenes
 Do n't get me wrong -- this movie is , overall , a good movie . However , the Coral Sea footage should 've been included in this so-called `` Collecto ' r Edition . Also , the contribution of the Army Air Corps should 've been included -LRB- for example , 4 Martin B-26 Marauders went in and attacked the Japanese carrier force . Each B-26 carried an aerial torpedo slung under its belly . Only one B-26 made it back to Midway , and just barely . For further information on this , read `` The Ragged , Rugged Warriors '' by Martin Caidin . The info on the B-26 attack is at the end of the book -RRB- . Also , anyone who has seen `` Tora , Tora , Tora '' will recognize the scenes which were taken from it and used in `` Midway '' . Why ca n't Universal release this movie with the Coral Sea footage in it ? For that matter , could n't some more extra footage showing the B-26 attack be specially filmed?My husband told me about all this when we watched it recently .
 I had watched this version when I first got it but must have missed the missing Coral Sea parts for some reason . It jumps from the scene where Rochfort has told Garth about Operation AF -LRB- Coral Sea -RRB- to where they are telling Rochfort that they had a rough time at the battle!Some really great scenes are missing in this verison . Hope that they release a full version sometime soon . Its a shame that this movie was so downgraded from the original.Bottom line
 The battle of Midway , considered by most historians to be the turning point of the Pacific War , is one of those subjects that scream `` Great movie material ! '' Almost six months after Pearl Harbor , a small U.S. fleet of 3 aircraft carriers , a handful of cruisers and destroyers , a few submarines , and a motley crew of land based aircraft , faced off against most of the Japanese Combined Fleet . Outnumbered in almost every category , the U.S. Pacific Fleet triumphed at Midway , ending Japan 's expansion and forcing her to go into the defensive.Jack Smight 's film , released in 1976 with the gimmicky Sensurround sound system , should have been a good movie , since the story of Midway has so many Hollywood-ready elements
 Another great film , ruined with two channel audio tracks . Wait to buy this one in surround sound . Maybe Image will get the hint , and use the technology available to them .
 Bad movie except for a few performances -LRB- notably Hal Holbrook -RRB- . The movie stole a lot of footage from ` Tora Tora Tora ' excetra , and added a few extras such as Heston 's ` Matt Garth '' character -LRB- never existed -RRB- as well as Edward Albert 's role of his son who is in love with a Japanese American girl . Oh please !!!! If you must watch this movie , make sure it contains the Coral Sea battle -LRB- which is good -RRB- and Heston 's relationship with his girlfriend which will shed some light on his character for later in the movie . ' A Brdige Too Far ' is a better `` rentle '' than buying this .
 If someone had thrown $ 20 million at Ed Wood -LRB- `` Plan 9 From Outer Space '' -RRB- and said , `` Go make a movie about the battle of Midway '' , this is what you would have gotten . Or something pretty darn close.What 's not to like about this movie , which sets out to depict the `` Miracle of Midway , '' the carrier battle that turned the tide of the Pacific War ? And was one of the first to use big-sound woofers brought in special into theaters ? -LRB- Whump . Whump . -RRB- As it turns out , lots .1 . The Americans . Charlton ` Moses ' Heston gets to play a square-jawed naval commander and reprise his role in dozens of movies from `` Omega Man '' and `` Planet of the Apes '' , being the stern hero type , able to both command , and in a pinch when the Americans are running low on pilots -LRB- hm ... do n't remember this in the books -RRB- actually jumping into a plane and leading the charge . Hal Holbrook was great as Mark Twain but his `` Jim Dandy '' intelligence officer demeanor is annoying here . Henry Fonda is in his `` Asteroid '' cipher mode .2 . Artificially Embedded Love Interest or AELI -LRB- see `` Pearl Harbor '' as a reference point -RRB- . Thankfully instead of Pearl Harbor 's indeterminable two hours of dreck we only get about fifteen minutes or so of the duet of Heston 's pouty-lipped aviator son and his Japanese-American fiancee . When Heston upbraids his son as being a complete chowderhead for considering marrying this woman , my reaction was , ` yeah , right . ' She looks like a million dollars but talks like a Brooklyn Dodger , which leads me to ... 3 . The Japanese . Where did they find these kanaka boys ? It?s a bit of a cold bath to see all these healthy corn-fed Japanese youth when they open their mouths and ... they sound just like the staff at the Malibu Surf Shop . Holy cow . Japanese icon Toshiro Mifune is here , but they force him to speak English and goggle at all of the surf shop staff .4 . Stock war footage . Like Ed Wood , the producers of this movie love stock wartime footage , 'cause it 's free . Color , switch to black and white , back to color ... But Midway -LRB- except for the Wake Island bombing -RRB- produced little stock , and certainly none survive of the first attacks by flights like Waldron 's torpedo squadron , which was wiped out . The planes do n't match . Particularly bad are stock scenes of Japanese planes diving into American carriers . No such kamakaze attacks occurred during Midway . Midway was fought by first-string veterans of Pearl Harbor and they did n't go in for this sort of stuff .5 . Special effects . The non-stock footage , apart from the pretty good large scale model work of the Japanese carriers -LRB- which is probably Toho stuff -RRB- is cheesy . It all looks like actors on a grey cardboard soundstage , and we get to see the same explosions over and over again . This movie could just as easily been done in 1945 . Maybe it was.So ... `` Midway '' is an OK kiddie film for ages 18 months and up , very little blood , no sex please , we 're the Navy , and the sailors do n't talk like sailors - especially Hal -LRB- `` hot jiminy '' -RRB- Holbrook . Otherwise , go out for sushi instead . Maybe join the NRA .
 This is an absolutely terrible film . Avoid it !!
 This film was just like the battle of midway ... long drawn out and a waste of time .
 This movie is bad because of two reasons
 I was disappointed by the inaccuracies and vulgarity of the language portrayed -LRB- although that part may have actually been accurate to the day -RRB- . Additionally , the acting/directing done in this movie was not up to par with the caliber of the actors present , in my opinion . I 'd look elsewhere for a good war-movie -LRB- if possible -RRB- .
 The DVD freezes on the first chapter , that 's the reason I chose this rating . The movie is a great movie itself . Just this DVD sucks . I would recommend the movie but not the seller .
 Continues to freeze movie and my TV . Will not purchase streaming movies again . Useless . suggest no one get this .
 I expect a good buy but when it still is n't Blu Ray , they have cut much of the original out , I 'll wait . Either do it right or do n't do it at all . Not interested in being taken anymore by corporate America . And Blu Ray should n't cost any more than a regular .
 Big names + poor history + silly storyline + idiot dialogue = world war 2 garbage time . Avoid it .
 MIDWAY is one of the very worst movies ever made . There really was no imagination used in its making . Many of the fight scenes were from Tora!Tora!Tora ! The war footage had too many scenes from the late war period . Whoever wrote the screenplay is clueless about the facts of the battle . Like a good fiction writer , he never let the facts get in the way of a good story . If we were as inept as the the producers and directors then we should have lost the Pacific War to the Japanese .
 If you loved watching this on TV as a child you will be surprised at the language in this version . If you are sensitive to profanity - do n't get it .
 This DVD only plays volume if you have surround sound .
 Not even close to history . What 's worse , is thay 've taken an actual , heroic moment from our history , and turned it into a 1970 's , Carter era , peice of schlock . I really like the japanese girlfriend subplot ... what PC crap!But the worst part , was the horrid piecing together of footage of the wrong aircraft , at the wrong times . The wrong planes , the wrong ships ... The only saving grace is Heston , he could add a touch of class to a Hillary Clinton/Rosie O'Donell lesbian scene ... Oh well , I 'll stick with `` a wing and a prayer '' , real airplanes , real carriers , and closer to the truth ...
 While this version of `` Midway '' has a lot of extra features , some of the original movie scenes are not there . Even my husband , who 's only seen it a couple of times , realized this . I would gladly trade the extras for the entire original movie .
 Hate to say it , but I found this movie to be a disappointment , for several reasons . I first saw this as a teen in the 70s and liked it then out of naivete ' ... but now I can not recommend it.I think it was produced with the intention of following on the coat-tails of `` Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! '' which was an EXCELLENT film . What I disliked about `` Midway '' :1 -RRB- It borrows too much from `` Tora ! '' and from actual WW2 footage . That last may sound unusual , since you 'd think real footage would add to the picture - but it just did n't seem to fit to me .2 -RRB- After `` Tora ! '' I had a mindset of who and what the characters were - and the `` Midway '' actors did n't fill those roles .3 -RRB- It had an absolutely unnecessary love scene . I think this was done as a deliberate calculation to `` fix '' something that was missing in `` Tora ! '' - for boxoffice $ $ purposes . But it was poorly done . The Japanese girl and the young American officer looked distinctly late 1960s-70s-ish . It looked like an obvious gimmick .4 -RRB- Above all , there were WAY too many veteran actors in the film . And that tends to lead to too much over-acting , which is what happened here . . It may appeal to some people , but it was a miss with me . Just did n't like it ...
 Agree with the previous reviews in that if this is collector 's edition why would we be missing any scenes from the original in theater movie released in 1976 ? The missing scenes bring more background to the event and Captain Matt Garth 's character . Until these are restored this can not be considered a collector 's edition . When they add them then I will purchase it .
 Good movie , except they released the DVD like the VHS tape version , all cut up . The entire battle of Coral Sea is missing . The restored and full length version is currently being aired on TNT occasionally .
 This is not a movie for anybody who is interested in Naval history or has any knowledge of the ships and aircraft types that were actually in the battle . Besides Hestons ' usual overblown acting , the movie is spoiled by outakes from actual combat footage shot long after Midway was a memory , involving aircraft types that were not in service at the time . Overhead views of modern -LRB- 1950 's & 60 's -RRB- U.S. carriers only needed an Apollo or Gemini spacecraft bobbing in the water to complete the fiasco . This movie is one anachronism after another . For a far better portrayal of the events at Midway , I would recommend the television mini-series of Herman Wouks ' `` War and Remembrance '' , starring Robert Mitchum et . al. . Although built around fictional characters , the historical research was better and skilled use of good models was better than bad use of inaccurate video . Skip this movie .
 I 'm talking about the VHS version here.I 've seen the film both on the big screen and on television . Ca n't remember if the theater had the Corral Sea segment in it , but the television version definately did.I have a copy which I taped from TV in my library , and would like to buy a commercial copy , but ... will not until they release one with the footage from the Corral Sea contained in it.Seriously , this is a flaw in the commercial tape release . That particular footage explains much of what is going on in the film later . The cut version is only 2 hours long -- I ca n't see why it 's such a problem to include a full length version on tape -- other films have been transcribed to video in excess of 2 hours playing time . Hopefully , a future DVD release will have this footage on it . -LRB- remove one star for not having the battle of Corral Sea -RRB- On the show itself . I must say I enjoyed the picture . I 'm not a Navy man and ca n't say how close the film comes to actual Naval or historical events , but I got the feel that I was watching the US Navy in action . I personally felt the acting was acceptably good for the most part -- though Matt Garth 's son was not a well acted part.On the down side , if you 've seen Tora , Tora , Tora ; you 'll recognize some of the scenes as being reused . Shame on the producers ! Are we that desperate for material that we must ` steal ' from another picture ? Additionally , some of the scenes taken do not appear to fit with the theme or plot of the movie -- they 're just there -- to fill up space I suppose . -LRB- Remove one star for reusing another films scenes - remove a star for misplaced and unnecessary ` stock ' footage -RRB- This is not the film it could have been , though it is enjoyable to watch . Buy the VHS version if you just have to have it now . I myself , however , will wait until they release a DVD version with all footage intact . Recommend you do the same .
 This film offers an interesting historical look at a very decisive victory in WWII from both an American and a Japanese perspective . The use of actual footage from the battle and an attempt to get into the heads of our Japanese adversaries makes this a must see for history buffs . From what I know of the battle , this film gives a fairly good account of the action and tries to explain some of the mistakes the Japanese made . Mistakes that gave our American troops a decisive victory despite being heavily outnumbered . A treat for film and TV buffs is the number of budding personalities that have appearances . The most notable are Erik Estrada -LRB- `` CHiPs '' -RRB- and Tom Selleck -LRB- `` Magnum P.I. '' -RRB- . I have to say , however , from a cinematography perspective this film is a relic from earlier days of film making . While this film was made in the mid 1970 's , it plays as if it were made 20 years earlier in the 1950 's . The endless blue screen shots of flight decks and air battles are flat and uninspired , reminding me of the 1942 John Wayne film , `` The Flying Tigers '' . The acting is rigid and unremarkable and the plane rocking effects are so flat that one wants to just skip these scenes to get to the more interesting live battle footage . Another throwback to the earlier days of film making are the one dimensional characters for whom motivation can be distilled down to a single moral value , such as love of country . On the positive side , the model work used to illustrate the destruction on the Japanese carriers is appropriate for the period and is actually quite good . In summary , this would have been a worthy entry into the world of film had it been released 20 years earlier . The battle scenes and a glimpse into the motivation of the Japanese commanders make this film worth watching for its historical value . But if you are looking for a good example of war films made during the 1970 's , you would be better off with something of merit like `` Tora ! Tora ! Tora '' -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , `` A Bridge Too Far '' -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , and of course `` Apocalypse Now '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- .
 I was in the US Navy , and I found this movie absurdly unrealistic . First of all , no one as old as Charlton Heston was ever involved in actual battles in WW2 . His acting , as usual , was lousy , his age betrayed the film . I find elder actors degrading the heroes of WW2 repugnant . I gave this video away to the local Goodwill store .
 ` Midway ' on DVD while we 're still waiting for ` The Longest Day ' - somebody 's got to be kidding . This one really sucks . Here we go
 This is a standard-issue 1970 's Universal movie -LRB- think `` Airport ' 75 , '' `` Earthquake , '' etc. -RRB- It has a cliche-ridden script , cardboard characterizations , blink-and-you 'll - miss-them cameos by older stars and it seems to have raided the stock footage of every studio in town . The great Toshiro Mifune is rather obviously dubbed by voice actor Paul Frees . All that said , they did get most of the facts right , and if you can get past the cheese factor , it has an interesting story to tell . I just think that the pivotal naval battle of World War II deserved a more documentary approach , ala `` Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! ''
 This would-be epic '70s retelling of the Battle of Midway tries the same methodical approach as `` Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! '' yet falters in the dramatic department . It 's a bit too talky , although war buffs will probably appreciate its step-by-step delineation of the grand strategies and little quirks of fate that allowed the Americans to win this pivotal naval engagement . The clash at Midway took place in the summer of 1942 , less than a year after the bombing of Pearl Harbor , and was itself a response to the Allied air raids on Tokyo and other targets in the Japanese homeland . The stunning victory shifted the balance of power in WWII , allowing the Americans to stalemate Japan in the Pacific , and concentrate their efforts on more decisive actions in Africa and Europe . The problem with this film lies mostly in the light-handed direction of its star-studded cast . The back-slapping he-man bonhomie of the Naval brass falls flat in scene after scene ... but when you pin your dramatic efforts on an actor as wooden and insincere as Charlton Heston , well , what do you expect ? Henry Fonda , however , is solid in his role , and Glenn Ford , Robert Mitchum and James Coburn all do their bit , as do Pat Morita , Toshiro Mifune -LRB- as Admiral Yamomoto , naturally -RRB- , and a slew of notable supporting actors . A socially liberal subplot involving a Japanese-American girl in love with a young American fighter pilot also falls flat ; it 's interesting to see an early critical look at the internment of Asian Americans , but again , the drama revolves around Heston -LRB- who can not convey true emotion -RRB- and the actress in question is actually a worse actor than he is . This film is n't great , but it does a good job explaining the significance of the historical events . Worth checking out , but slow and mechanically directed without much attention to the actors .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my husband -LRB- retired Marine -RRB- . Although I have seen the movie several times , I did not watch this particular copy . My husband thoroughly enjoyed it !
 Looks like they forgot to include the other hour and fifty minutes of the COLLECTORS EDITION ! The sound is mono ... yes mono!They forgot the movie portrays history!They also forgot that this is cinematic history as well.For years , I enjoyed watching this movie with my dad and brothers.It was one of the few subjects my dad and I could talk about for hours.Universal has short changed everyone looking to buy the four hour version.I hope they see the error of their ways by the poor sales of this version and begin to re-store the long sought after four hour version on dvd ... they owe it to the veterans -LRB- of which , I am one -RRB- , and history buffs .
 Why wo n't someone put out a complete version of this movie on DVD or even VHS . It is a much better movie when complete and you almost never see it that way . TNT seems to be the only one who shows it that way and they almost never do so , TBS and TCM also show it but in various cut down versions . If the people who put these DVDs and VHSs out are so fond of the cut down version , why not release a two DVD set with the cut and complete versions on it so us werdos who like to watch complete movies can get our fix .
 I saw this in the theaters when it first came out in ,76 . I was so excited -LRB- I was in the eighth grade -RRB- . But as I got older and wiser , the cracks in this movie started to show . Over time , those cracks seemed to me to be gaping maws . I do n't fault the actors , most did fine , I still think . It was the filmmakers . They assumed that audiences were either stupid or that they would n't notice things . In short , they were lazy and had no respect for the audience.For example , `` Midway '' uses stock footage from three films . `` Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo , '' `` Away All Boats '' and of course most heavily , `` Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! '' And of course , documentary footage made during the war . `` Thirty Seconds '' supplied the Doolittle raid sequence -LRB- which opens `` Midway '' -RRB- , `` Away All Boats '' supplied the scene with the Zero crashing into the `` Yorktown , '' and of course , most 90 % of the rest came from `` Tora ! `` During the real battle , the Navy used Wildcats , but in the movie , Hellcats are seen frequently . But to me , the most egregious error is that Charlton Heston 's character , `` Matt Garth , '' a fictional creation -LRB- I do n't like fictional characters playing major roles in actual historical events -RRB- , flies three different planes for the last mission to attack the final Japanese flattop , `` Hiryu . '' He boards a Dauntless , takes off in a TBM Avenger and crashes in a Helldiver -LRB- or a Hellcat , it 's been a long time since I 've last seen this movie -RRB- . You do n't have to be anal to notice these kinds of things . It was 1970 's Hollywood at its laziest and frankly , worst . I can take stock footage , `` Midway '' was hardly the first film to make use of it , but it was the manner that they did it . Just because the footage was made during the war does n't always mean accuracy . There 's plenty of footage of Dauntlesses and Wildcats taking off from carrier decks . But the editors seemed to just throw anything in with the attitude of `` Just put something in , the audience wo n't be able to tell the difference anyway ! '' Which is insulting.So , this movie has aged rather badly , which is a great shame . The Battle of Midway deserves a good filmed treatment . Sadly , this is n't it .
 Bottom line
 The pivotal Battle of Midway really deserves a good , no , not good , great movie . Unfortunately , this one ai n't it . This is pretty much the only one out there , but if you want to really know what happened at the Battle of Midway , skip this cheesy Hollywood dreck and read Walter Lord or Gordon Prange , or Parshall and Tully -- from those descriptions , you will have , in your mind 's eye a much clearer picture than the confusing and chaotic hodgepodge that the producers and directors of this awful movie offered up . Really , this movie would be better classed as one of those early '70s big mega-star disaster flicks except that in this one the `` good guys '' win . The shoddy way they tried to cut corners is an insult to the men who the movie supposedly celebrates.The producers of Tora Tora Tora got dinged because their $ 20 million depiction of the Pearl Harbor attack -- despite being as accurate as they could make it -- was a box office flop . They must 've decided it was because there was no love story . So , in Midway , they combined that formulaic Hollywood love angle with an Ed Wood-style work ethic
 I purchased the Collector 's Edition with the high hope that the Coral Sea sequence among others would be included . They are not ! The extra scenes they 're talking about deal with Charlton Hestons love interest and not the battle sequences ! This puppy is going back REAL quick !
 This movie could n't decide if it was a soap opera set in WW II or a docudrama . Heston / Sullivan romance adds nothing to the movie . Albert 's character is winey . If you start watching the movie at the point where the American carriers leave Pearl Harbor is not a bad movie . The scenes of the air attacks on the Japanese carriers is interesting and has a degree of accuracy . Most unforgiveable and annoying thing about the movie is most of the battle on Midway Island is lifted from the attack on pearl Harbor in Tora , Tora , Tora . I know special effects were expensive but that 's a trick worthy of a bad B movie .
 An irrelevant , dopey , unbelievable subplot involving dad/son/Japanese girlfriend and other personal stuff , along with overacting by Heston and an inexplicably silly performance by Hal Holbrook , is very nearly cause for avoiding this half-baked war movie . I received this edition from Amazon as a gift from a relative . One previous reviewer noted that if the original movie 's 30-minute intro section on the Tokyo Raid and Coral Sea had been retained for the DVD , this would have been a `` much better '' release . No way . Besides material stolen from Thiry Seconds Over Tokyo , Tora Tora Tora , and even John Ford 's 1942 Pearl Harbor documentary -LRB- ! -RRB- , you have a shot of a swastika-clad German Bf109 being shot down by the Japanese -LRB- Messerschmitts at Midway ? Mmm , no , I do n't buy it -RRB- ; on a carrier deck , a pilot climbs into a 1942 SBD Dauntless and takes off in a 1945 Hellcat ; in a sequence of quick shots of AA batteries aboard a Japanese carrier shooting at American planes , you briefly see a shot from an American carrier firing at kamikazes off Okinawa in 1945 ; a shot of a Jap carrier is labeled `` The Kaga '' , but is another unnamed Japanese carrier , looks like the Soryu ; there are plenty of shots of larger American Essex class carriers beyond CV-9 , none of which had been built in June 1942 ; and there 's lots of color carrier action news footage that 's easily recognizable as film shot during the Marianas campaign in 1944 . It 's a shame , because by 1976 there existed more than enough authentic footage from early WWII to make three versions of this film . This movie does , probably by accident , have several seconds of slightly colorized b & w footage that was actually shot during the real battle of Midway . In case no one noticed , almost every American naval officer in this movie , and some of the Army personnel , are out of uniform . The 2 stars of charity I give here are for the last half of the film , which sticks at least fairly accurately to real events , though it short-changes some important ones and ends before the real battle did . The producers might at least have used WWII footage of PBY Catalina patrol planes , but the PBY 's shown here have post-Korea paint jobs . Near the end , the film does accurately depict some of the serious horror and blood of carrier warfare . But overall , `` Midway '' does n't come close to giving us the full import of this battle , which historians class as one of the most influential battles in naval history - - a list that includes Marc Antony 's defeat at Actium , the sinking of the Spanish Armada , the Battle of Trafalgar , and even the Battle of the Coral Sea -LRB- which preceded Midway by less than a month , but which is cut from this DVD release -RRB- . On the other hand , Amazon 's price is almost reasonable if you count the battle sequence and added features . But do n't expect too much from the battle scenes -- expect even less from the movie 's first hour . Low budget or no low budget , this is not a fitting tribute to the meager but brave force that stood up to a huge enemy navy in the early , desperate days of the Pacific war .
 Ok I love war movies but ... I like them to be -LRB- realistic -RRB- this movie is loaded with flaws -LRB- big flaws -RRB- . First someone please tell me why the Japanise are speaking english in this movie ? It looks so cheap and goofy . Japanise dialoge with subtitles would have been more realistic . Next their is a sub plot with an American Pilot who falls in love with a Japanise woman who is in an American Isolation camp . I am not un romantic person but it had nothing to do with the battle at Midway -LRB- and the acting was bad and melo dramatic in this part -RRB- . Next this movie uses footage that was recycled from the movie TORA TORA TORA -LRB- A MUCH BETER MOVIE -RRB- now thats cheesy ! . All in all this movie looks like it was thrown together and Mr Heston deserves beter .
 It 's pathetic that perhaps the greatest sea battle in U.S. history generated such a lousy movie.This movie stinks on many levels . It uses outtakes from Tora Tora Tora , so the viewer sees interesting things like battleship masts at Midway . The actors , except maybe Henry Fonda and Hal Holbrook , do lousy jobs . Charlton Heston is particularly irritating - you get the impression that he was running the Pacific fleet and Admiral Nimitz just came in on the weekends to read his mail.The `` romance '' angle in the movie just slows it down and somehow makes you wonder if these people 's personal problems were bigger than World War II !
 I fell asleep during this one , watched again , drank much coffee , then wished I had fallen asleep instead of watching it . Young men fought and died at Midway , not tired old actors . I wonder what they could do with it today , with better acting and realistic younger actors in the parts ?
 Movie was alright some over acting though . The explosions were over done . Has some dorky parts in that do n't make sense .
 This has to be one of the worst war films ever produced , with terrible acting , tenuous historical accuracy , and horrendous ` special effects . '' The action sequences have to be among the worst ever put onto film , with segments from `` Tora , Tora , Tora '' , -LRB- a much better film -RRB- , spliced in with grainy , poor quality film from WWII , often showing totally incorrect aircraft , and ships . In some instances , someone takes off in an F4F , then is shown flying an F6F - not in service until 1943 ! Charlton Heston , who appears to be in some sort of pain the whole movie , meets his demise in a crashing Helldiver dive bomber , not in service until 1943-44 . It appears that the producers , and director just did not care that they were putting out such an embarassing product . This battle , one of the most important in our history , deserves so much better than this slapdash turkey .
 This story is set in June 1942 , six months after the Pearl Harbor attack on December 7 , 1941 . Includes the all-star cast of
 This movie is so poorly done and the footage from old movies like Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! , 30 Seconds Over Tokyo -LRB- which are all much better movies -RRB- and old WW2 stock footage are way over-used . Acting is pathetic and the overall product is a stupid movie . A movie about such a great victory should 've been the greatest movie ever . Avoid this awful excuse for a movie .
 `` Midway '' was the decisive naval engagement of the Second World War -- decided by a handful of bombs hitting the Japanese carriers over a period of a few minutes . It is a riveting story that has been well told in several movies and innumerable books.Not here . Relying upon outtakes from `` Tora Tora Tora '' -LRB- and the wonderful Japanese cast of that film -RRB- what we have here is a pedestrian outing that should be avoided at all costs . Quite honestly ? The best version of the battle of Midway was Steven Spielberg 's original `` Star Wars '' -LRB- before it had Roman numberals __
 What would you get if you took a bad script , uninspired acting , WW2 stock footage , scenes from Tora ! Tora ! Tora ! , and put it in a blender and mixed it around ? The answer
 I think everyone has summed it up pretty well . I give it two stars for the actors if not anything else . Too many senes from tora , tora , tora . Above all too , too much is left out of the movie compared to what was at the movie theaters , especially the battle of midway itself . Who ever edited this movie for the DVD must have pressured into doing so . Remembering what was in the theater it seems alot was also cut beacuse of politics and our relations with Japan -LRB- Japan does edtit our WWII films weathet true or not and dictates what should not be shown -RRB- .
 ... This one ... has a better car chase and a terrible plot . Popeye Doyle becomes a heroin addict , but then has to get rid of his habit and nab drug dealers . Sounds like a goood plot , but weakens through out the whole film . Character devlopment is pretty good , but is counterattacked by the plot . It only costs about $ -LSB- money -RSB- , so buy it if you want the sequel also , but do n't expect very much .
 The film played on countless `` dusk till dawn '' horror bills at drive-ins through the early 80 's , and this disc does a pretty good job of taking th viewer back to those long gone days of cheap thrills . The picture and sound quality are only about average , just like the drive-in , the only other thing you need is for someone to park their car outside you living room and honk thier horns during the nude scenes . And the movie ? Well it 's about average as well . The plot concerns a plot to get an inheritance and a bunch of greedy heirs . A true B movie on all counts , but not without a certain trashy value , those who spent warm summer nights watching this flick when it was paired up with the likes of `` Do n't Answer the Phone , '' and `` Point of Terror '' may want to give this reasonably priced disc a look .
 BLOOD MANIA features an old man who is sick and slowly dying . His daughter , Victoria , lives with him but the two ca n't seem to stand each other . The man 's doctor , Dr. Cooper , is blackmailed by a former colleague for $ 50,000 . It is money he does n't have and has no idea where he will get it . Victoria has a thing for Dr. Cooper and agrees to give him part of her inheritance if he 'll help her get rid of dear old dad . But , there is another daughter , named Gail , who returns home for the reading of her father 's will and as it turns out dad leaves her most everything and Victoria just enough to live upon . Well , Victoria goes crazy and Gail falls for Dr. Cooper and things just turn nonsensical . Characters and key subplots -LRB- for instance , Dr. Cooper 's wife who is featured prominently in the beginning of the movie -RRB- disappear as though they never existed . There 's very little blood or gore . The dialogue seems like it was written by a native-speaking Chinese person who tried to translate bad Spanish into English . Oh , and the acting is atrocious . The ending does have a bit of a twist , but like most of the rest of the movie it does n't really make any sense either . The movie is good for a few laughs , but that 's about it .
 Blood Mania -LRB- 1970 -RRB- features surprisingly little blood and not a whole lot of mania , either . The film does not even have an opening credits scene , so obviously the title 's relevance to the story was not overly important to the filmmakers . There really is not a whole lot to Blood Mania , but to its credit it does manage to throw in a little surprise at the very last minute . We start with a grouchy old man confined to his bed , trading verbal shots with his daughter Victoria , with whom he seems to share a hate-hate relationship . The father 's friend , colleague , and personal physician Dr. Cooper finds himself owing $ 50,000 to a blackmailer for some of his youthful medical indiscretions , and Victoria vows to help him and thereby win the equivalent of his up to now unrequited love . Her plan for getting the money involves claiming some of her inheritance , the only snag being the fact that her father is still alive . Of course , things are never as simple as they seem , especially when prodigal daughters return home after seven years for the reading of a father 's will . Basically , we have a set of characters who hold some degree of power over each other in turn , the weakest link in the chain being , of course , Victoria ; she adds what little mania there is to the story , while everyone else offers up nothing more impressive than ambivalence if not outright boredom.This film retained my interest throughout , but as I said , there is really nothing special at all about anything that happens . The film looks its age , the plot is unoriginal and by and large predictable , the several nude scenes are just weird and the opposite of erotic , and there is far from enough blood here to qualify this movie for anything resembling its self-proclaimed Blood Mania status . Inconvenient Frustrations might be a more appropriate title .
 This movie is a complete nasty . Its a total shocker . Wont ramble on , but if you want any satisfaction out of this , just see it as a comedy and nothing else . And what was the story behind that carnival sequence ???? . My friend and I were in complete hysterics laughing on the floor because it appeared to just be chucked in amongst all of this nonsense . A definate no no .
 So I decided maybe I 'll give this exploitation thing a try considering I love gore , violence , and horror movies . The reason I give it a 1 star is because it just is n't that good of a movie . It 's VERY boring for most of the movie . About the first 20 or so minutes few words are even said . Then the guys just rape this woman several times , then she comes back for a very unsatisfying revenge . It 's very slow paced and does n't live up to the hype . It is n't all that gory , and it is n't scary either . Also , the rape is n't that convincing . I 'm not saying I need everything shown in detail , but the acting is so bad it makes it seem as if its not even a big deal . Oh , and the woman gets revenge on one of the men who raped her ... and he was practically mentally retarded . The guy really just fell in with the wrong crowd and they convinced him to do something bad . That is not grounds for what she did to him , which in my opinion was the worst of the killings . Anyways . not that good of a movie , do n't let the lure of sleaze and violence make you think it will be worth your time because its not .
 `` I Spit on Your Grave '' may well be the kind of film that might be given a four star rating by people with sick minds.Last I checked , I 'm the complete opposite.Sure , I love horror films.Horror films with good taste.After viewing this movie , there are no doubts in my mind that I should have had my head checked.I should have been locked up in a loony ward for buying this ... A young woman is raped a few times by a group of men who later get their just desserts.Everything in this film is really bad.The acting.The castration scene is one example of bad acting.My question is why did this girl just leave when they were harrasing her?This is not a horror movie.This is not a movie at all.I know a great horror film when I see one.I Spit on Your Grave may have been the kind of film I would have rush to rented on video fifteen years ago.Guess I smartened up .
 Oh boy ... . where do I start ? Never has a motion picture presented me with such moral delemas ... I pray the feminist movement groups do n't get their hands on this . This is a gruesome , disgusting , worthless piece of trash that deserves a star simply because it aims to be disgusting , worthless trash and succeeds . If you want to see a much better , similar themed movie , see The Last House On The Left .
 This movie is sick ! Just the title of this flick gives me shivers . The plot
 There 's really nothing to watch there . There 's nothing to like . Do n't get me wrong - I hate violence in all its manifestations in life although I like it on screen , but here we ca n't even empathize this woman ` cos the movie is just sooo bad . The acting is terrible , characters do very strange and unexplainable things . You ca n't feel with a character when you see everything in the film is false and naive . Do n't believe the taglines - there 's nothing shocking in there . It 's just one big waste of time . You 'll feel cheated and robbed . If you hate violence in cinema , I guess you are not reading this right now and if you like shocking movies , do n't bother with this one , there are plenty of others that are much more shocking and I assume you already know them all by names . Go and watch `` Irreversible '' for god 's sake .
 Geez ... Get over it people . What is most offensive about this piece of trash if not the rape footage , but rather its ability to manipulate us into thinking this is important in any way . It is badly done , strictly manipulative and in no way worthy of discussion -LRB- see , I am being ironic -RRB- . If you want to witness the true horror of rape , see Kubrick 's ` Clockwork ' or ` Better Days ' . C'mon -- kitsch is kitsch and trash is trash and this definitely falls in the latter category . This is offensive not because of its IQ-reducing and blatantly ludicrous aesthetic , but because it is still in the repetoire of horror films -LRB- ??!! -RRB- And the little critique from Cannes speaks volumes to the paucity of good films and postmodern French sensibilities in reviewing films . Let this piece of crap die on the slaughterbench of history -- please !!
 I watched this film hoping for a great revenge flick , in which the victim of a brutal rape enacts the revenge on her assailents like they deserve . Unfortunately what I saw was a film about a woman who gets raped , the details being the main focus of the movie , and a bit thrown in at the end about her getting revenge by killing the guys . Only the bath tub guy gets what he deserves . The other guys all get relatively quick and painless deaths . They should be killed like the victims in `` Saw '' , but they actually seem to get off pretty easily.The fact that the rape scene is around forty minutes long proves the misguidedness of the film makers . It 's like using the movie `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' to say that murder is wrong . It just does n't work to throw the subject in our face and force us to stare at it.I just feel like this movie screams to be remade , with the rape being downplayed , and the revenge being emphasized . It could have been done far better .
 I had been wanting to see this `` notorious '' movie for a long time . Now that I have seen it , I can honestly say `` What 's The Big Deal ? '' . Other than the fact that the Camile Keaton gets attacked 3 times , and makes a lot of noise while doing so , I did n't see what 's was so horrorible about this movie . The one thing that I found bothersome was the sound . Other than the commentary tracks , there is the original mono audio track , and the new dolby 5.1 surround track . I listened to the latter . It sounded like someone had put the microphone up against another tv to record the sound ... This movie is unbelievable because Camille Keaton is raped & sodomized by several men on 3 different occasions , and within a day or so she able to walk around like nothing happened to her .
 I 've got ta tell you people - you 're really missing the point . I 'm sure by now you 've read a million other reviews telling you what this movie is about , but let 's recap
 The plot is about as bare-bones as an exploitation film gets
 Interesting footnote
 I 'm a keen horror fan and thought wow this movie looks really scary . But here is what I saw : A woman comes to stay at a house by the lake.She gets rapedShe seeks revengeThe end.If I look it from a horror perspective then yes it certainly has the gore and terror we all expect in a standard horror . The deaths are all done within about 15 minutes , which leaves just over an hour to get bored and lose interest.This movie may have been more entertaining if the story was more padded out and had more of a back story . We do n't know anything about the people in it , they are just thrown into a situation and there you have it ... a pointless story . For example in a horror you often get told why the killer is murdering teens - he does n't just turn up and kill people for no reason.I guess if your into classic banned nastys - you may like it because its so outrageous but I just could n't get anything from it ... it was pointless .
 This is the absolute worst movie I 've ever seen there 's absoultly no music , or plot for that matter . The acting is horrid . Stay away from it at all costs . END
 Back in 1978 its easy to seek what a shocker this film was causing in controversiy over rape -LRB- one clearly sodomy on closer viiewing -RRB- as it is n't a feel good revenge film But it now feels horribly dated . The sound quality was bad at least on Netflix.Call it irrevant even if I 'm female but the lead actress is uncomfortable to watch . because she is in the anorexic spectrum . Skinny as that she still seems to have a baggy butt ... some kind of normal if not magnificent body would have been sufficient on aesthetic grounds .
 Yes , there is realism in this flick -- the brutal gang-rape of the main character , which goes on and on until your stomach is ready to leap up and throttle your brain . I 'll give it that , hence its one and only star . But that 's where the realism ends . After that , it is one of the most poorly acted , far-fetched pieces of tripe you 'll ever see . The reactions to the rape are completely unrealistic , and the revenge killings are so stupid and ham-fisted you 'll wonder if Zarchi even bothered to think them through before rolling the camera . One victim actually walks into a noose and is hanged while being seduced by the woman he just raped . Give me a break , people . It 's just too stupid to even be funny.Attempts to justify this movie as a feminist commentary on society -LRB- somehow empowering rape victims by turning them into murderers -RRB- all fall flat . Zarchi fails where Wes Craven succeeds in `` Last House on the Left '' -- mostly because Zarchi missed the point in favor of shock value . His characters are flat , emotionless , and unmotivated . Therefore , we do n't care if any of them live or die , which is a real shame considering the subject matter.Watch Ingmar Bergman 's `` The Virgin Spring . '' That film shows how otherwise `` good '' people can be driven to acts of extreme brutality . Bergman shows us terror , desire , grief , rage , ambiguity , and transformation -- all the things that make us human . Zarchi and his lot show us a lengthy rape scene , and some lame movie blood . After seeing the subject handled so much better by others -LRB- Bergman in particular , but Craven 's no slouch -RRB- , Zarchi can only be taken as a cheap , exploitational insult to the intelligence of even the lowest of brows .
 As a criminal justice major I viewed this movie to find out if this was something worth debating , I was grossly offended not only by what took place in the movie but the way justice was inflicted , I by no means permit what happened but it does n't excuse what the woman did , and the fact that it was based on a real criminal act makes me question the judicial system .
 this movie was n't horrible but I guess I expected too much . . the acting is pretty good and the production is good but the rape scene was crude and went on for too long and seemed misogynstic ... after the rape , the events seem kind of hard to believe -LCB- Keaton seducing the rapists -RCB- . . I ca n't really suggest this one to anybody
 When I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE was initially released it was one of the most talked about films of its time . First you had Ebert & Siskel on their weekly show discuss how terrible and disgusting the movie was . Then , once released in England on video , the film became notorious for being one of the original `` video nasties '' there -LRB- if you have n't heard of them google them . They make for an interesting mix of films -RRB- . So was there a reason for controversy ? Was the movie truly that disturbing ? Having just watched the blu-ray release of the film I can only say yes , a feeling I had when watching it for the first time years ago.I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE -LRB- originally released as DAY OF THE WOMAN -RRB- was one of those films that you heard so much about that you had to find it and watch it . Controversial movies have always had that effect on the viewing public . It does n't matter if the movie is good or bad , you find yourself drawn to it because of the word of mouth surrounding it . What surprised me this time around was that after over 30 years since its first release -LRB- 1978-80 depending on where you look -RRB- , the film still has that punch in the gut effect that it had the first time around.The story revolves around a young woman , Jennifer Hill -LRB- Camille Keaton -RRB- who leaves New York City for a month in the country to relax and write her first novel . She stops to get gas at the local station and meets the station owner , Johnny , and his group of friends . It 's a casual meeting with no names exchanged and little happens . Later on she meets Matthew , a dim witted young man who delivers groceries , not knowing that he 's friends with Johnny and his group.When Johnny and his friends get together , they begin talking about how attractive Jennifer was . After talking long enough , they decided that they want her and will indeed take her . The next day while she 's in her boat on the lake , they grab the rope on hers and speed off with her in tow . Once they land , the group savagely takes turns raping her with the exception of Matthew.Jennifer leaves them behind , bruised , scraped and bleeding . As she makes her way through the woods , they find her again and brutalize her once more . They leave her behind here and she makes her way home only to find the group waiting for her . Matthew now among them , they convince him to follow their lead and he rapes her as well . Rarely has the violent act of rape been so convincingly played . This is brutal and animalistic . There is no chance that someone would find this erotic , unless they find something nice in rape . And it 's these scenes that are the most brutal and disturbing of all.Matthew is sent in to kill Jennifer but ca n't bring himself to do so . Surviving the ordeal , Jennifer is now a changed woman . No long content to sit back and be taken advantage of , she plots her revenge on each of the group . Matthew is the first , seduced by the lake and then left hanging from a tree.While it 's weird to say this , Johnny gets the most deserving act of revenge and one that will stick with you long after watching the film . *** SPOILER ALERT *** Jennifer seduces Johnny back to her place and while sharing a bath with him , reaches out , takes a butcher knife and cuts off his ... well think of John Bobbit and you 'll know what she does . With little or no special effects save for a well placed sound effect , this scene will make you cringe just like the rape sequence . Jennifer does indeed finish her revenge and the movie ends.As with films like HOSTEL I tend to find no pleasure in watching what is commonly known these days as torture porn . Anyone easily disturbed will find this movie incredibly hard to watch . Yes , the victim in the movie does have her revenge , but the fact that we 're watching this forcible rape time and time again does n't offer entertainment at all but leaves one feeling the need for a shower.Is it worth watching at least once ? Perhaps . If you can stomach the scenes described above then sure , especially if you want to see it as a piece of film history . Amazingly the film , while made on a low budget , does offer some decent photography and is well acted for being made with unknowns . The transfer makes this movie the best looking version that 's ever been released.As I said , I 'm not a fan of the genre . But as I watched I found that while disturbing it offered a better story than I first remembered . For a low budget film it was quite well made , written and directed . But it still leaves you with that unwashed feeling.I know many people think that movies have to push the envelope now and then , to go further than they did before . That may be true at times . Then again sometimes pushing the envelope does n't add anything to our way of life . And to call it art to me just denigrates art . You can probably tell I 'm betwixt and between on this movie . Its one that you have to witness and make your own mind up about .
 If your the kind of person who likes to see women get abused and then come back for revenge , then this movie is for you . This woman was on vacation when about four sick perverts rape her in her own home and also in the woods . I enjoyed the part where she individualy comes back and kills each one after inflicting pain upon them for a few moments . This movie is not for the squeamish , and not too bad .
 I Spit On Your Grave , Kids , A Clockwork Orange and Showgirls . What do these movies have in common ? They are all a part of the great chain of CONTROVERSY . I spit is most likely the worst of the Rape-Victim-Revenge films and probably the only one that has no regard for dignity . I really advize parents to keep thier children away from seein this film as I saw it when I was 15 or 16 . Hell , I just turned 18 in February and I 've seen all the above films that I mentioned . I 'm not proud of this fact but I 'll tell you what , education can come from all mediums , even the most explicit .
 I Spit on Your Grave -LRB- Meir Zarchi , 1978 -RRB- Meir Zarchi took Craven 's idea -LRB- with Last House on the Left -RRB- and paid homage with a film that , while not all that good , is a sight better than Last House . It 's also become something of a cult classic for reasons that I 'm not sure I understand -LRB- nor want to -RRB- . Again , the plot is simple and savage
 Camille Keaton plays a writer who moves to the country , to finish a new book . Soon after moving , she is abducted by four men -LRB- one is retarded -RRB- and gang raped . After she apparently escapes , she is attacked and raped again , and again , and again . When the rapist 's blunder , and decide to send the retarded man to kill her , and he chicken 's out , we are now left to see the second half of this horrible trash , her revenge on the four men . What is so disturbing about this film , is that is considered by many to be a cult classic . Okay
 I have seen this film several times and I still cringe at the thought of ever having to sit through it again . The rape scenes are pretty explicit , the acting is terrible , there is really very little story , and the revenge scenes left me unsatisfied . Granted , I watch a lot of horror films so I can take bad acting and bad story writing , but you at least got to give me something I can sink my teeth into.Perhaps if the revenge scenes had been more thought out , maybe I could justify watching this movie . Instead , I just get left feeling like crap.DON ' T BUY !!!
 I first heard about this movie about twenty years ago and had always wanted to see it.It 's been banned in the UK for many years and decided to use the u.s. mail service to get myself a copy.What a bad , bad decision ! This is without doubt the most boring , tedious , badly acted movie i have ever witnessed.My Dvd copy is now used as a coaster!David / England
 I had some friends that told me about this movie and how great it was , well I obviously have a severly different taste . This was the worst movie I have seen . The acting is awful , the story is thin at best and the movie moves soooo slowly . Do n't see it !
 WHY is this considered a classic ? The script was imbecelic , the revenge scenes were amateurish and unbelievable and the rape scenes , which were supposedly what makes this film so `` horryfying , '' while somewhat disturbing , were n't nearly enough to generate the rep this film has . Her reaction was almost laughable . Last House and even Death Wish were far , far better films.Don ' t fall for the hype . save your bucks . Rent it .
 I watched this when I was a young girl & it still haunts me to this day . If you enjoy watching a woman get viciously raped for almost an hour then this is the movie for you .
 A pretty lame `` shock '' movie . I wanted to see it because growing up it was always talked about in such verboten tones . It was n't well done at all really ... and there have certainly been movies done about rape and revenge that were much much better , but this was made in the seventies so I guess I can understand why it was so offensive and shocking to people at the time . Basically a waste of time from any objective or artistic point of view .
 I saw this UNCUT version back in 1983 or so ... I was 16 at the time . I could still remember how disturbing it was , and how I felt afterwards - It stuck with me for a few days . The bathtub scene is NOT the one I remember the most , but the brutal rape scene . . True , not much was shown - But the idea is most certainly there . I found it rather discusting and still do to this day.This is NOT a horror film , nor is it scary . . So , if your looking for a horror film , dont look here - Actully , if your looking for ANY kind of film - Skip this one entirely.The only GOOD thing that comes out of this film is that it makes other tastless movies look not so bad after all ...
 bought the `` DVD '' millennium edition and watched it on -LRB- a now old -RRB- DVD player a few years ago.This evening I tried to watch it again on my new-ish PS3 and it would not get past Dolby ad.Windows 7 laptop stalls one third the way through . . While this is not a film I love to see , I didwant to watch it once more as a re-make is out soon . Shame , my comparison is spoiled by what seemsto be a bootleg , bought on Amazon . Beware .
 Just read the storyline and background . This low budget piece of junk is n't worth 2 seconds of your great time in life . This movie has got ta b one of the worst films ever .
 I love horror movies and I am fan of most of them and will watch almost anything because I like the genre . For the first time I have witnessed something that I felt went beyond the accepted boundaries of art and certainly moved into the realm of films that feature unforgiving scenes like animal abuse -LRB- Cannibal Holocaust comes to mind -RRB- . I would love to give this five stars but I will not because in my opinion this film has no place in cinema or on the video shelf . If anything this film should only be released as part of an art-house circuit or as film lecture material . I certainly believe that this film should not be available to all adults and should be accompanied by some sort of a follow-up lecture in which a professional explains to the viewer the problems that this type of film has on society . Sure it is daring and bold and tries to show us what is beyond our acceptable standard but it also presents an unpardonable and excessive amount of sexual violence towards human beings , especially women . I hope a film like this is never made again.The film has pretty low production values and is a bit of a mix bag in terms of the quality of the acting on display . The sound is not very good and the execution of most of the dialogue is pretty poor . Where this film outrivals most for its type is in the brutality and its horrific chauvinism that reaches its peak in a very graphic thirty minute gang rape sequence that gives this film its notoriety . That actual sequence is made all the more brutal because one of the gang members has a mental age of about ten.The premise is simple . Our protagonist is a young writer , played by Camille Keaton -LRB- Buster Keaton 's grand-niece and the wife of this film 's director -RRB- who journeys out to `` redneck '' county to write a book . There she is accosted by four hillbillies who proceed to do the deplorable with her in a very disturbing way that is often as violent as it sexually distressing . The problem with this sequence is that it lasts so long and in so many different locations as they drag their victim about the place . One could only imagine what purpose all of this serves and if the film is not just catering for a very unbalanced and criminal type of viewer . At the same time we can say that this is `` just a movie '' or `` art '' but it does go beyond that - especially when bottles are involved.The question that is poised at the back of the mind when watching this -LRB- and it is not a very pleasant experience -RRB- , is if this is just exploitation material or does it have some moral or underlying philosophy to explain its actions or why it should have been made in the first place ? Maybe this is exploitation cinema just testing the limits of what it can do ? Well the film makers have done just that , however the director has said that he made this movie to show the ugliness of its theme . Who does the director think he is fooling ? This film is exploitation through and through with one true purpose - to abuse the protagonist , disturb the viewer and to provide the splatter for the gore hounds - nothing more , nothing less . This is not `` The Accused '' or `` Irreversible '' . It is not even `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' or `` Last House on the Left '' . This is akin to `` Cannabis Holocaust '' or `` Cannabis Ferox '' . Not only is this movie prejudiced , sexist and down right cruel it also seems like potentially dangerous material for the more unhinged elements in our society.The second half of the film concentrates on the victim 's revenge for the crimes committed again her and this is really where the entertainment can be found in a short of female version of a Charles Bronson/Clint Eastwood vigilante retribution movie . To be honest the film would have been much better , and acceptable , if it cut down on the intensity of the sexual violence at the start of movie . Certainly there are a number of interesting segments , one involving a shopping delivery that plays itself out in a very strange way . One of the deviants also tries to justify his actions by blaming the victim instead . Another scene involves a very shocking dismemberment in the bathroom -LRB- very realistic -RRB- . All in all the second half is quite interesting but the first half is revolting and disgusting and like I said , probably dangerous material in the wrong hands.In short this movie has no place in cinema or in the video shelf . It should be part of art-house circuits or film lecture halls , period . I think this is the first time that banning a film makes sense . This is a rape movie that is unpleasant for most but gratifying for the maniacs that will enjoy it ... over and over and over again.This movie is just plain wrong . Wrong , wrong , wrong .
 I watched this movie sometime in the late 80 's . It disturbed meto the point that I 've never forgotten it , and never will.Take my advise and do n't fill your mind with this trash . It willstain your soul . If you like to see lots and lots of violent rapethen this movie is for you and you need help . I ca n't imaginewhy anyone would make this movie . There is enough of this typeof horrible stuff in the real world without adding a fantasyversion .
 Based on a true story ? If this is true then it is more horrible than being a fictional fantasy . Did anyone witness this woman being raped ? People are just going on a murder 's word that she was rape by these men . They did n't have the DNA Test back then and when it did come about a lot of women were found guilty of lying about being raped.Since when is it all right for anyone to take the law into their own hands ? I guess it was 1978 when it started for women or maybe before . You would never say it was okay for a man to murder a woman no matter what she did to him . This is sexist and sick .
 The attackers -- the so-called attackers -- in this film could have avoided all subsequent revenge -LRB- or even problems with police , courts etc -RRB- if each had said to the woman , `` You better get some ice on that '' after completing the act . That admonition -LRB- some might call it counselling -RRB- renders inoperative all suggestions of rape or assault , allowing the perpetrator to skate away free -- and even , in some instances , glean widespread support from society , as happened in one particular Arkansas rape case . In this film , however , the perpetrators did not skate away scott free . Rather , they experienced justice.It was startling to find this film cast in DVD format , as it would normally be considered one of those old cheap throwaways , but obviously the producers thought otherwise . Enjoy -- and always remember the magic everything-is-okay , no-problem-at-all phrase following such an assault
 I 'll give it an extra star for being so extreme and awful . Not that I necessarily * admire * that , but it made it vaguely interesting as a curiousity . There 's no question the film is in poor taste , if you will , but it feels more dated , amateurish and goofy than explicit and disturbing . I see no reason for a ban -LRB- though I never see any reason for a ban . -RRB- Anyhow , it 's generally an awful film with nothing to engage you other than the fact that it 's so terrible and willfully tasteless .
 I put reality because this is a very strong depiction of what rape is and how men can be . It made me nauseous just watching it , and I read the other reviews on here about it and was very offended by the guy who wrote `` if your a man the bathroom scene will make you squirm '' . Well , the man in the tub had brutaly raped this woman and deserved what he got , in my opinion if your a man watching this film what should make you squirm would be the scenes of the rape and just knowing that you are part of the male species that commit this horrific act . Dont watch this if you have ever been raped , it will bring flashbacks .
 `` I Spit on Your Grave '' is a film that has been the subject of far too many people 's attention , and mostly for the wrong reasons . They either loathe it , or rabidly defend its `` artistry '' . Well , it certainly has little to recommend it , unless you enjoy watching a naked woman being raped , degarded and humiliated for almost a whole hour . Still interested ? The films standpoint as a `` revenge '' film gets a little lost after devoting this much time to the rape spectacle , and with convincing acting by Camille Keaton , it is a harrowing experience for the viewer . But the revenge ? A brief bit of knife waving over a bubble bath , and all the male movie reviewers are screaming and clutching themselves . Get real ! The male victims in this sleaze-orama are not even good enough actors for you to care about their fates . At least the outdoor scenery looks lush and beautiful , but all other aspects of the film are ugly and depressing . Worth watching for curiosity value , but it 's unlikely to merit a second viewing .
 If you are looking for something shocking , do n't bother with this movie.rape scene
 After no word for three weeks I was sent a message that I had been sent notice that the product was unavailable . Not true . The message arrived the day after the last day that I was to expect it . I would have appreciated a timely message so I could look somewhere else . Instead the import CD wasted three weeks of my time .
 Maybe the WORST movie ever made , or at least the worst that I have seen . Do n't waste you 're money or time .
 It is a movie so sick , reprehensible and contemptible that I can hardly believe it 's playing in respectable theaters , such as Plitt 's United Artists . But it is . Attending it was one of the most depressing experiences of , my life.This is a film without a shred of artistic distinction . It lacks even simple craftsmanship . There is no possible motive for exhibiting it , other than the totally cynical hope that it might make money . Perhaps it will make money
 Well ... where do I begin ... I think it 's a little well played , a lotta gore , . do you wan na know why I give this Movie a 2 out of 5 rating?Because of the blood scenes !!!! That is all !!
 I recently saw it on Netflix instant and it 's not the rape scenes or the horrible acting and plot that makes me hate this flick.It 's the ideas Perceived and not perceived ; You have a ugly feminist `` Author '' who goes to the backwoods and would n't you know she gets into trouble.Nevermind that she was skinnydipping in broad daylight and doing the typical `` fem '' thing of that era , you know all liberated . -LRB- It 's worked well huh ? Spread of std 's , Families nonexistent , Morality is nilch.GreatJob Liberalism -RRB- . So then what happens anyone with a brain can tell you , they do horrible things that she does not deserve , then of course she flips it out -LRB- liberals are all peace and love except when they are part of the SDS or Manson -RRB- and ironically she is taking the law into her own hands ! -LRB- I thought Liberalism was about peace not fighting , she goes all out even killing the Kid who basically has Mental problems.No mercy there . -RRB- And the movie ends , The Message-it 's not a horror movie nor even your typical slasher flick no it 's Yeah , Let 's take it to Men in this Movie that should be on AutoRepeat on Lifetime , Perfect for the Woman who does not shave her Armpits .
 thi s , of course , is one of the worst movies of all time ... my favorite part is that the chick is naked through almost the entire movie , which ultimately lowers wardrobe costs so more money could be spent ... on ... what ? ... the script ? ... nah , no script ... between scene changes new dialogue was written on the back of candy wrappers and distributed to the ` cast ' ... after a while , a way was found to save even MORE money -- just have the `` actors '' make up the dialogue as they went along ... and the fact that it was obviously shot using just one camera lets us get away from all those annoying multi-angle shots that normally saturate a real movie ... if you are ultimately looking for a `` movie '' without absolutely NO redeeming social value , THIS IS IT !!! ... btw , is there a rating LESS than 1 star ?? ... just asking ...
 I really have to question the intelligence of anyone who would rate this movie five stars . But i think i got my answer when i read one of the five-star reviews
 I got hold of a copy of this movie in the UK . A friend and I watched it up until the first rape scene , being well rounded induviduals we were utterly sickened by what we saw and turned it off . Admittedly banning movies is not a good idea but are movies like this really needed ? AVOID .
 I was intrigued by the synopsis of `` I Spit on Your Grave '' , because I love movies about women getting revenge , like `` Kill Bill '' , and `` Sleepaway Camp 2 '' . I had been contemplating on weather renting this or not , beucase it 's soppousedly soppoused to be so shocking and graphic , that you ca n't bare to watch it . Well , I was able to watch the whole thing with my eyes open . And it 's only sort of shocking . The death scenes are no gorier or violent than those in the `` Friday the 13th '' movies . Now , even tho I love films with women getting revenge , I did not love this . I only sort of liked it . The problem is is that it just did n't have enough to it . It felt like there was something missing . And it 's shown in such a monotonous slide-show way . Like , okay , lets see her get raped . Now she cleans herself . Now she kills this guy . Now this guy . Now this guy . Now this guy . It makes the film feel so much shorter , and uncomplete . Now , Camille Keaton ; I real liked her acting in this movie . She says everything in a really cool way , but at the same time somehow makes everything she says funny , mostly when she 's talking to the guys before she kills them . Overall , I do n't reccomend this unless you have to see every horror film on the shelves .
 I REALLY FELT I WASTED MY TIME WATCHING THIS MOVIE/THIS MOVIE REALLY DOESNT BECOME A HORROR MOVIE UNTIL SHE GETS RAPES THEN TAKES A VERY BRUTAL AND BLOODY REVENGE/THE BAD PART IS BY THE TIME THAT HAPPENS YOU ARE DEAD TIRED OF IT OR ALREADY ASLEEP/A VERY GOOD ENDING BUT OVERALL TERRIBLE WASTE OF TIME
 The early to late seventies took horror movies to new disgusting highs , one having to outdisgust the last . Do n't confuse the `` I Spit On Your Grave 's '' or `` Last House on the Lefts '' with George Romero 's `` Dawn of the Dead '' -LRB- his `` Night of the Living Dead '' sequel -RRB- or even , say , `` The Exorcist '' . They told great stories , where the majority of the genre in that era tried to outgross each other , and in that this movie ranks -LRB- pun intended -RRB- very high . Only a psychotic would find any of this move `` awesome '' . A worthwhile watch maybe . Disturbing definitely . But there is not cinematic splendor on these reels . Merely a rape avenged by brutal murder . Movies like this ignited the chain reaction of slasher flicks that petered out in the early to mid 80s with the likes of `` New Years Evil '' , `` My Bloody Valentine '' or even `` Terror Train '' before being resurrected with the Freddy Krueger 's of the world . This one drew crowds based merely on its gore . This is not an awesome or great flick , even given the numbness today 's society has to violence , relatively speaking . It is worth watching if only to try and experience the mind of the director and what was he thinking . A study in theatrical psychology . I would n't recommend watching it at home alone ladies .
 From the name of the movie you will think that you will see real good horror movie . In fact the story was so bad ... it is not worth it to waste your time and money ... !
 Much has been made of this movie for all it 's violence and sadisam , but when all of the hype is out of the way this is just a bad film.The movie is about a women who travels into the woods to stay at a house on a lake is attacked and brutally beaten and raped by four men . After they leave her for dead she recovers and comes back to get her revenge.The movie is just a revenge movie plain and simple but that style of movie has been done befor and with much better results than this one.One thing I will give the film is that the four men never at any time feel anything for the four men becouse we saw what awful things they did . However it 's just an excuse to show sickness in all it 's glory . Compared to some movies this sick film is not one of the worst in violence -LRB- remember though i 'm talking about movies like Cannibal Holocaust , Zombie , and Dead Alive -RRB- but for it 's time it must have been very shocking.I Spit never lives up to the hype . Roger Ebert said this was the one film he hated and I must agree with him on that point .
 The people who made and starred in this film must have been slumming for a paycheck . How original - a nieve city girl decides to get away for a while in what looks like the inbred capital of the world , and is followed and eventually attacked by some real ugly rednecks . Do n't be fooled into thinking this is something shocking or controversial like the cover would have you beleieve -LRB- banned everywhere , blah blah -RRB- it is just plain crap . If you want GOOD low-budget horror , go get Evil Dead , Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Dead Alive , etc. . This is for people with no lives to fulfill their rape fantasies .
 I Spit on Your Grave , more like I spit on this movie . How anyone can like this movie is beyond me . I personally like violent movies , but movies of class and style , such as -LRB- Goodfellas , Halloween , and The Exorcist -RRB- , but I Spit on Your Grave has neither , just a woman getting raped in the first half , and her revenge in the second half . Mabey the reason critics hate this film -LRB- HA-HA -RRB- so much is because it really does suck . Their really is no bacic story , and acting that deserves turkey awards for the entire cast . Come on people quit wasting your time on a movie that no one can even say -LRB- this is a horror movie , a suspence movie , or a drama -RRB- because honestly I do n't even know myself . But I do know that this garbage should be banned from the public peroid ...
 Forget Plan Nine , forget every movie you ever heard was the worst ever.This is it.A sick and depraved exercise in rape and revenge.Thats it , a woman gets raped and gets her revenge.No character developement neccessary.Just a girl and 3 rapists.The movies brutal depiction of the plot is ultra realistic , almost in a supposed snuff film way.I do ` nt know who 's idea of entertainment this would be , but it 's not even worth it for those who live where the thing was banned.No one should watch this it 's just sick . The one good thing about this is it 's an excellent reason to buy a DVD player.If any company would waste time releasing this on DVD then the floodgates must be opening and everything you can think of will be coming soon .
 I saw this recently -LRB- Picked it up at random on a video renting spree -RRB- it was in the `` Horror '' section ... which is odd because it was clearly meant to be a Porn movie . You know the plot -LRB- the other guys have only repeated it about a million times already -RRB- . One thing is that this film is totally non-memorial . I did n't even remember the main character 's name before reading these reviews ! Second is that it , as stated , was obviously meant to be porn . This is because she was raped repeatedly , and throughout the movie is usually either < a > completely naked or < b > in very little clothing . The acting is terrible . Ok , its not - bad - they act realistic and with almost no screw-ups , but I do n't find any of it convincing . Some of the things she does are disturbing , even to me -LRB- and I watch Horror movies often -RRB- like the bathtub scene ... whihc I wish not to remember . -LRB- Offensive comment coming up -RRB- This is a like-it-or-hate-it film . In particular leering perverts are known to love it .
 Cut from the same mold as Last House On The Left , this is another highly disturbing & unsettling hour and a half of a woman being savagely raped & humiliated . I could n't recommend NOT buying this more . Rape scenes have always disturbed me , but to make it even worse is the fact that the woman in the film is raped for what seemed like an endless ten minutes by one guy , then another five to ten minutes by the next & so on . Five dirtbags , one after the other raping the woman & the rapes went on for a good twenty to twenty five minutes . The only reason I watched to the end is , as horrible as it was , I wanted desperately to see them get what they had coming to them , & they did , but it is no consolation for the gratuitous nightmare that poor woman went through . Really sick flick . Not entertaining on any level .
 this is one of the lamest movies i have ever seen , the plot , acting , action , drama , all could be summed up as a teaspoon full of good in an ocean of horrIBLE ! they should burn this movie , in a big pile with all the other lame flicks and save the disc they burned it on . really people , you could solve world hunger with the money these people make on lame A@@ Sh & * t like this . i hate the guy who recommended this movie , and may god have mercy on his soul !!!!!!!!
 I saw this film on it first release in the UK at the age of 25 , shocked at the time yes . On seeing this again so many years later , the base degradation is still there the amature direction and production is still there , but the impact is not , how the world progresses ! The sound and vision quality on DVD is on a par with VHS not bettering but equalling . The content although has the same macho / sadistic impact that denies women the right to say no , until you tip the scales . The final comment , women are the equal partners of men , but misuse or abuse and , well ? watch the end of this . but if you abuse you deserve .
 This is a very low budjet film and really is nothing special . After seeing the exorcist I thought to myself I should start to get into these Banned movies . When this came through my door all that was in it was rape and more rape that should not be allowed to be seen in any country . It is not a horror or thriller but just more like a old cult film gone wrong . If you are looking for a film with a story line that is banned buy A clockwork orange .
 I ordered this movie with great anticipation of seeing some good old fashioned 70 , s gore . BOY WAS I DISAPPOINTED . This movie shows very little in the way of graphic scenes -LRB- most of it you have to imagine -RRB- and falls way short in the story department as well . Its only claim to fame , the rape scene , was ordinary at best . Save your money .
 It was 6 years ago and i had finally purchased my first DVD player for 250 dollars . Pretty good bargain back then . I was staying with my Pops back then and he had brought home his first DVD purchase , It was `` I spit on your Grave '' . Imagine my chagrin . `` Its got a hot chick on the cover with a knife '' he said . Then we sat down and watched one of the most horrific Rape and Murder movies ever . First the acting is atrocious , the story is so silly and the Director really got his jollies off of overextending the softcore rape scenes that were more laughable then horrific . Not that rape is in anyway laughable but if you plan on tackling a serious subject then have some class . If you want to see a brutal and TOTALLY realistic Rape and revenge flick then track down the French film `` Irr&eacute;versible '' . Now that film will make you squirm , cry , scream or a combination of all three . Just stay far away from this trash unless of course silly violent sex flicks are your cup of tea . If so , watch away !
 Also known as
 I rented this movie about a year ago and it was so disturbing I had to cut it off ! I have watched a lot of bad movies in my lifetime but this sick twisted film took the cake . I love shocking horror movies and always have , but this movie was too much even for me ! And if I ca n't make myself watch it , then IT 'S GOT TO BE REALLY BAD !!! Whoever made this distasteful movie needs help ! And anyone who can sit down and enjoy watching this crap should get help ------- AND FAST !!! I did n't even watch all of it , it was that damn distasteful !!! The story focuses on an innocent gal who is relentlessly attacked and raped numerous times by a gang of perverts ----- one of whom is retarded . After raping her , they leave her lying nakad in her cabin . They think she 's dead , but she 's not and stalks them and kills them off one by one in gruesome ways . Do n't buy this B.S. Do n't even rent it , unless you 're as perverse as this movie is !!!
 Part 1
 Abyssmal garbage that looks as if it were made on bad 16mm on one heckuva shoestring budget.Everything fails , bad acting , poor filmmaking , this one bites ! Terror at Lake Tenkiller was better !
 Extremely violent horror/thriller about pretty young woman travelling to an island only to be beaten and raped by a gang of young holigans . Terrible film is banned in most countries and is an absolute abomination . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I Spit on your Grave is first and foremost , an awful title for a film . The word `` art '' should never again be associated with this contrived and melodramatic film . The rape scenes are filmed from the rapists ' point of view , and are FAR too long , in the sense that after 20 minutes , they lose their power , thus it becomes pornography . According to this sexploitation movie , revenge is a churchoing solution to violence . Something unforgivably dull about this movie is that there is NO soundtack . You would think they would learn that music is powerful after the harmonica scene , but unfortunately not . `` I 'm telling you -LRB- the town -RRB- it 's too peaceful '' is an example of the laughable dialouge that painfully ensues.Save yourself the misery and instead buy the powerful , artistic rape film `` Last House on the Left '' which is great whatever you classify it as , horror , rape , revenge , or 70 's darkness . But sadly , I Spit works on no levels , so do n't waste you 're money on it like I did.Last Note - I Spit on Your Grave shows the rape victim get dirtier as she is sexually assaulted , and she is olny clean when she kills her assailents ` gloriously ' . In Last House on the Left , it is the killers that become dirty and discusting after destroying their victim 's innocence and lives .
 This is quite possibly the worst movie I have ever seen . The acting is so over the top , it 's like a William Shatner Acting school troupe . The story ridiculous . The lighting bad , the sound bad , the rape scene entirely too long . This movie caters to the lowest common denominator . The only good thing about this movie is that it eventually ends . Dull , banal , sate , misogyny !
 This is one bad film . It has all the style and charm of a 1970 porno flick but with none of the benefits . Okay there me sex and violence , but is that enough ? As that is n't even done well I saw no . All in all this is one Nasty Video .
 The only people I can see really trying to get this flick are poor souls in the UK who are curious as to why it was banned . I 'll tell you why it should have been banned . Unfortunately in Britain they still censor and ban films , which is a joke , and people become obsessed with these `` nasty '' flick , most of them being just plain bad . Save your money , American or British , and pass over this poor excuse for a film .
 This is not a pullpit . This is not a soundoff for people with issues telling me to be horrified for being a part of the male species that commits the crimes depicted in this movie . Yes , sadly , some poor maligned soul actually wrote as much in one of the reviews here . This is a review of a horror movie . On to the review then shall we?This is a somewhat disturbing film in that rape , for most , is a disturbing subject . As a graphic , . bloody horror movie , its pretty ordinary . The personal violence inflicted upon the main character , however , elevates the terror . A female writer decides to finish a book in a secluded cottage . Only its not so secluded . Close by is a small town inhabited by a bunch of red neck good old boys . They decide to savage the woman one day while she enjoys some time out boating . The scenes that follow are overly long and graphic . I 'm sure the audience could have got the message with shorter and less revealing clips . Alas , the makers of this wanted to deliberatly create a stir . And so they have . They leave the woman for dead but she comes back and plots her revenge . The kill scenes are pretty lame . Nothing to creative here . A hanging . A stabbing . Creative use of boat propellers . but not enough of the red stuff . The killings are implied more than shown . Sometimes this works . In a movie like this , it doesnt . This is the kind of film that should run red in rivers . The movie spends to much time on the sodomy of the woman and doesnt know if its a horror pic or a drama . It tries to be both and fails .
 Can a movie get any worst than this ? My finger was on the fast forward button throughout most of this movie . Way , way , way too many rape scenes and the only good part was when the movie ended . The acting was way below medicore as was the directing , acting and camera work . A five year old with a home video camera could make something better than this .
 I gave this movie at least one star because the woman got revenge . I was so digusted and shamed by this movie -LSB- ... -RSB- This is a sick , sick movie about a horrific experience that women face everyday . This movie is basically rape porn , so if you enjoy that then rent it , but if you are a normal human being and are sickened by the act -LRB- which is very graphic in this movie -RRB- then avoid this -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Be honest people , this is not a horror movie or a scary movie ... this is just pure garbage . What cinematic value does this movie have to offer ? ZERO . I am all for horror movies , but this movie just is not horror , scary or even shocking ... it 's just lame ! It is about the raping of a girl and she gets revenge . WOW , what a worthless ... waste .
 Under the title Day of the woman this was movie is said to be a femenists statment , Please calling this movie a femenist statment is an insult to women everwhere . I mean someone get me gloria alred on the phone I think this could be grounds for a class action lawsuite here . but I digress this late 70 's piece of explotion left me feeling in need of a shower .
 Im not going to lie to you , but you do have to be slightly disturbed and/or sick to actually enjoy this movie . What can be enjoyable about watching a girl getting gang raped numerous times ? And to say this is not worse than the likes of Deliverance is insane . Yes , there is a male rape scene in Deliverance , which again was not at all enjoyable to watch and i shall not be watching again , but the scene in that movie is far shorter and far less graphic than the rape scenes in I Spit On Your Grave . So basically , if you have any sanity and/or morals you will not enjoy this movie as there is absolutely nothing in the movie to enjoy .
 I 'm all for a disturbing film , but this one just made me sick to watch . The savagery that was committed in this film and the lack of inspired and cheesy revenge made this just a complete rip off of last house on the left . At least last house was done with some taste , some depth to the characters . There was no merit to this movie , and the only reaosn I gave it 2 stars was becuase it did what it set out to do , which was disturb the viewer with violent images .
 This movie is 100 minutes of nothingness . Those who lambasted it might have overeacted ; those who praised it were surely misguided . The fact is this movie is a complete waste of time -- both in watching it , and in giving it a split second of thought afterwards . Some of those who find themselves liking it seem to like it because `` well , it was n't as bad as some critics said . '' What a compliment.This movie will satisfy NO movie fans . Fans of exploitation horror flicks will surely be dumbfounded by the filmmaker 's inept attempt to inject `` seriousness '' to the material . Those who looked for violence a la Scream or Friday the 13th will be disappointed by how little the amount and uncreative the effort . Those who hope to see some soft-core pornography will surely be let down -LRB- in more ways than one -RRB- because the realistic way those rape scenes are filmed simply is n't designed to titillate the viewer -LRB- those who enjoy watching them must be sadists or potential rapists -RRB- . Some praise the realism of the rape scenes -LRB- attributable to Camille Keaton 's all-too-real performance as the victim -RRB- and the supposedly feminist subtext in the scenes where the victim kills her rapists for revenge . But let 's get real here . Does the movie back up these important real-life topics with any semblance of substance and intelligence ? It sure as hell does not . The story is of moronic simplicity ; long , meaningless scenes fill the gaps between the rapes and the revenges . The director simply counts on the mere images of a woman being raped and her rapists being maimed and killed to fulfill his highly questionnable purpose . Such shallowness inpires the viewer to think
 I just did n't like this movie . I like Camille Keaton 's performance , as well as the performance by Eron Tabor . With the exception of Johnny , the bad guys are insanely stupid and cruel . The movie made me angry and I was certainly happy when Jenny gets her revenge , I just wish she had tortured them a little longer . I 'm glad I finally saw this so I can cross it off my list . I do n't think I ever need to see it again .
 Based on a true story ? If this is true then it is more horrible than being a fictional fantasy . Did anyone witness this woman being raped ? People are just going on a murder 's word that she was rape by these men.I made two previous attempts to try to explain my point but as I started reading the other reviews I found one that explains everything I was trying to say . One review stated the following : I gave this 5 stars because men who rape women deserve an awful death.Why ? When is it justifiable for a man to take revenge by killing a woman ? This movie was a fantasy and I feel sorry for a person who thinks it represent reality . To state that anyone should have the right to take the law into his or her own hands is a crime . To defend your self is one thing but to intentionally want to kill is simply murder . The fictional female character -LRB- not the actor -RRB- in that story should be sent to prison for life for her alone deciding to be the Judge , Jury and Executioner . I also despise movies where the man does the same thing . But , it is only a movie.I gave this movie 1 star because you have to give it one . Yet , that one review makes my point about the majority of these kind of movies . Movies should stick more to reality when they are doing a film about something that could happen.If this movie really is based on a true story than it is sick .
 This movie is just fake snuff . Thats it . Its boring , laughable , and not scary or disturbing in the least . Watch Last House on the Left , now thats scary !!
 it wasnt that bad of a movie . not to say it was a great movie either . and lets be honest noone would even be interested in it if it werent controversy . i know thats the reason i watched it , was to see what all the hype was about . its an okay movie . i dont think it deserves to be considered a disgrace to the film industry . and it isnt some great symbolic movie either . just take it for what it is . zombie trash .
 If a guy made this kine of film , people will say he is a porn star . What it wrong with that female actress ? Does she have a low selfasteem or what ? Maybe she is desperate for money .
 Eve Plumb seems to be the only former Brady that 's made anything of herself that is n't totally focused on the Brady-glory-days . She 's an established artist ! The 2 stars are for her alone . Seeing her with her art work was worth watching the disk ... but not worth owning it.Oh , Ann B. Davis is really cool too ! She 's a stage performer now.If you 're a Die-Hard Brady Fan and ca n't get enough of 'em then this disk is for you . Sure , you 'll see some of their home movies ... they say `` Never before seen footage ... '' But , none of it was a real big suprise to me . I 've seen their home movie footage on several TV Tabloids , encluding E True Hollywood . Their playful banter with each other seems VERY scripted and phoney.Personally , I 'd like my Brady Memories to remain with the show that made them all famous to begin with.Bring their Series episodes to DVD Format . I 'd line up to buy those ! I 'm not kidding !!!! This was too cheesy .
 I must say I was dissapointed with this movie.What 's the deal with the loud pop/rock music that plays totally from start to finish !!??? . It 's like someone forgot that we were actually meant to hear what was being said !!! . The film footage was excellent & even better than I expected but do n't even attempt to try and drag the 70 's into the 90 's at all , and especially with that shocking music throughout , it just did n't work at all !! . Production companies should try and remember that the people who buy these features actually want to go back to `` THAT '' time totally , and that any attempt to `` modernise '' a window in time is a HUGE mistake.Sorry to sound so critical , but I was really looking forward to a `` total voyage '' back to those 70 's `` Brady Days '' . My suggestion , turn off the volume ! .
 Remember those classic movies with a singing cowboy ? Well , this is n't one of them . This is a laughable attempt to create the singing race car driver!I suspect Marty Robbins , crooner of classic country numbers like `` Cool Water '' , `` El Paso '' , and `` Big Iron '' got conned into this out of his love of racing . Maybe they thought Marty could pull off an Elvis-type role or something.The production values are non-existant , the villians are lame , the acting is worse than a junior high school play , and the hot race car driving is not really hot , but ranges between luke-warm to tepid.Marty -LRB- race car dirver and singer -RRB- wins race after race , and his little brother Steve -LRB- played by Robert Dornan , who was obviously so ashamed of this flick he went into politics -RRB- , feels left out . To make matters worse , his girl is hot for Marty ! So Steve decides to get his own car and beat Marty at the Big Race ! To earn the dough for his new wheels , Steve takes up with moonshiners ! Meanwhile , Marty 's other brother Del works for the Feds , and is out to bust the boozers!Wow . I can hardly contain myself.The moonshine runners are looking for great mechanics and daring drivers , a ' la Robert Mitchum 's classic film `` Thunder Road '' . In fact , this whole waste of space is a remake of `` Thunder Road '' without the class , more singing , and all the driving is done on the race track instead of the highways.Meanwhile , poor old Ma and Uncle Jim wait at home , huddled around the radio and wonder ... will Marty wreck at the race ? Will Steve go straight or crooked ? Will Del keep from being hurt by shine runners?Gosh ! The tension!To be kind , you might like the time capsule look at racing -LRB- without seatbelts ! -RRB- , classic cars , and Marty Robbins crooning a tune or two at a nightclub . Connie Smith sings two songs as well , then flees the picture faster than Marty 's race car can take the inside curve!This one would certainly break the ` bots , Mike , and Joel , I have no doubt.Sadly , this one is nothing more than a drive-in disaster . As for the racing action , that too is just like a drive-in . At a drive-in , all the cars are parked .
 My absolute favorite scene in this movie is during the aftermath of one of the unspectacular wrecks on the track , where emergency personnel jump into the cabin of one of wrecked cars and immediately yank the helmet off the head of the unconscious , bleeding-from-the-mouth driver . This film could also function as a great drinking game , if everyone had to take a drink every time John Ashley , as Marty Robbins ' younger , jealous brother looked disgustedly toward Marty and scoffed , shaking his head . Whether that would improve the film for those watching while drinking , I do n't know , but it might not hurt.Marty Robbins , looking more like a Pentecostal preacher on a Sunday morning before church than a race-car driver , plays himself as singer and racer , and John Ashley , as the younger brother Dell aching to get out of his shadow , gets mixed up with moonshiners in an attempt to level the playing field . Overall , the film is a slightly altered variation on the Roy Rogers/Gene Autry style of filmmaking , with action scenes interspersed with singing , and although it skips the comedy relief , there is a section that gravitates toward a public service film as the IRS agents describe the dangers of moonshine ... and moonshiners . -LRB- How quaint stills seem in comparison to meth labs -RRB- . Even if the racing is n't as dramatic nowadays as it may have been in 1967 , some viewers who appreciate watching these old classic cars may get a kick out these scenes , and anyone who enjoys clips from the Grand Ol' Opry or from Hee-Haw of the same time period will probably like the singing sets from Robbins , Connie Smith , and the Stoneman Family . Additionally , this film seems as adequate to me as any of the singing cowboy films from the 40 's and 50 's , so if that 's your style , you probably wo n't be disappointed with ` Hell on Wheels ' . One thing though - I 'll eat my hat if this thing is rated ` R ' . The most offensive thing I could find in it was the word ` Hell ' in the title.While I ca n't verify the quality of this disc as it is sold from this product page , interested viewers could receive this and 11 more Crown International Picture releases all in one package by purchasingSavage Cinema
 I loved Marty Robbin 's singing , songwriting , showmanship and charisma but he appeared in a couple of movies that were amateurishly trashy . This is one of them .
 Miho Nomoto is beautiful ... i 'll give her that , but this movie is poorly made -LRB- no english subtitling or dubbing -RRB- and the sex scenes seem forced . there is one rape scene in the film , which i personally did n't like at all . as far as plot ... there really is n't one , so do n't even expect anything in that department . this is also a short movie by many standards -LRB- about 45 minutes -RRB- and the version i have does not contain any chapter breaks . so ... if you decide to pick this one up , do n't say i did n't warn you .
 A young woman is out shopping when she 's kidnapped , drugged , molested , and raped . Then she 's eventually apparently SOLD to a guy who takes her shopping . When she discovers him with another woman , she is at first offended , but remembers the shopping so fondly that she returns . It all makes for a pretty dismal `` paradise . '' The jerky camera effects get old pretty quick too .
 Unfortunately I did , but only because it was $ 4.99 and reading thye description it sounded like a funny teen comedy . I have always liked teen comedies , American pie , Road trip , Old school , 16 Candles , porky 's , Last American virgin . All of these I 've enjoyed muliple times . I understand these movies are n't cinematic masterpieces , but they are funny , and sometimes that is exactly what I want , brainless humor . I thought Jailbait might be the same.I do n't care for MTV movies , with Election being the exception , and I did n't know this was an MTV movie . That being said , I think you would need to be under 13 and mildly retarded to get anything from this film.The story could be funny , but it is n't . The characters -LRB- or caricatures -RRB- are mindless robots from the leads all the way down to the extras . The movie is not sexy , it 's almost anti-sex . poorly written , poorly acted , poorly directed . There is no one to root for or against and at 80 whatever minutes it is a snoozer.Film is aimed at the road rules real world audience but I ca n't imagine them enjoying this either .
 this movie blows . I really ca n't think of to many worse movies . It is flat out not funny . Really everything about it is bad . God I hate this movie .
 I saw ` Jailbait ' when it was first on MTV . I was looking foward to a stupid , funny entertaining teen sex comedy . What I got was a stupid , unfunny , offputting , offensive , teen pregnancy so-called ` comedy ' . I happen to like MTV movies - I enjoyed ' 2gether ' , etc. but this was just plain bad . Do Yourself a favor and skip ` Jailbait ' - ROBBIE SCHEER , 15 YEARS OLD
 This movie could have been so good . The storyline was great and the relationship between Mr. Sorrell & his son is wonderful . However , there were lots of bedroom scenes . Leading character was very immoral and there was language . In the end , the son winds up euthanizing his father after the encouragement of his wife . Very dissapointed
 Here is your first clue - Directed by Alan Smithee . I would definitely like to know the story behind this movie . Like some of the previous reviewers I 'll point out that this film is definitely a failure , but I would love to see the original screenplay . It seems to me that this movie was probably supposed to be 2 + hours and somebody came into the editing room and randomly removed large chunks to shrink the running time . I ca n't even discuss the performances because they all seem so incomplete . Here is an examples . When Annabel Schofield 's character starts acting odd Matheson 's character says that he knew she did n't look right . This is the first moment she did n't look right so what is he talking about . Plus , her `` not looking right '' looked way over blown . Something is missing or we 're supposed to believe that the other characters are real morons who ca n't tell when there is something physically wrong with someone else . Anyway , there are a lot of things that do n't make sense in this movie because it seems like there are missing pieces . As I said , I would love to read the original screenplay because there is actually a lot of potential for a good story , but the filmmakers really messed up . Alan Smithee was the right choice for this Director when it came time to get credit . I 'm sure if they 've ever seen it that the prominent actors in the film would have loved to use Alan Smithee in place of their own names as well . The problem with SOLAR CRISIS might have been the writing , but if it were written the way it came out I do n't see why anyone would have put money into the project . It seems that if you read the screenplay line for line the way the movie turned out it would make even less sense than the finished product does . I think this one died when the budget ran out or when the editors had to chop it too much . More than likely the CG spending on top of Palance , Boyle , Matheson , and ESPECIALLY HESTON 's salaries caused the well to go dry on this one .
 I 'm a huge sci-fi fan and I love Jack Palance and Corky Nemec , but this movie was a snooze fest . The question I have for this talented cast is what the hell were you thinking ?! Granted the effects are 20 years old , but the dialogue is laughable , it takes much to long to get into , and to be honest , it was just boring . I kept waiting for something to happen and when it did , I really did n't give a damn . Sorry , but this was terrible .
 This flick posits the world facing a doomsday solar flare in the near future . Tim Matheson leads a cast of boring action figures to the edge of the sun , where he will pilot a smaller spaceship into the sun while carrying an anti-matter bomb - what amounts to a suicide mission . -LRB- The science of solar flares theorizes that they form based on magnetic lines that work like rubber bands ; the bomb will snap the lines and prevent the lethal flare from forming . -RRB- Meanwhile , Matheson 's son escapes from his military school , and Matheson 's disapproving father - Charlton Heston as an uptight career military man - sets out to find him . The flare is preceded by other solar phenomenon that 's steaming up the earth -LRB- and interfering with anything that relies on basic principles of electromagnetism -RRB- . While the mission must succeed for the sake of humanity , a sinister tycoon played by Peter Boyle is determined to sabotage it.Nothing in this flick works - least of all why Boyle is set on sinking a mission that 's clearly mankind 's last hope -LRB- doubts over whether it may be worse than the flare or at least uneccessary seem to have been left out of the script -RRB- . The plot about Matheson 's son seems entirely uneccessary , even if it does allow for the obligatory showdown between Heston & Boyle . Lastly , what is the state of technology here ? It looks like the near future -LRB- with concept versions of today 's space and aircraft -RRB- , but also with holograms and nearly sentient AI - embodied in a luscious fembot and the antimatter bomb 's computer -LRB- voiced effectively by Paul Williams -RRB- . `` Crisis '' rode the crest of early 1990 's CGI -LRB- a path blazed by the new Trek show -RRB- in which then nifty effects made drama obsolete . Now its effects look dated , and the story remains as incomprehensible as before .
 I saw this DVD on the shelf and thought '' ... wow , sci-fi ... and look at the credits . '' Then I saw the actors ... Charlton Heston , Tim Matheson ... and the plot seemed somewhat plausible ... for the future anyway , so I bought it . Then I watched it the first time , then a second , and a third . I came to the conclusion that this movie was composed entirely of what was on the cutting room floor . The plot was disjointed , the most of the characters were uninspired and unbelievable -LRB- especially Matheson who could n't act his way out of a paper bag -RRB- , and despite the great special effects -LRB- 2001 was touted as a credit to the sfx crew -RRB- this turkey of a movie could n't get off the ground ... much less to the sun . I give it one because , as they say ; ` zero was n't an option ' . If you buy it , play the sound track to ` Event Horizon ' ... it makes it so much more interesting .
 It was the first time I ever felt a need to fast forward through a video and even then I could n't stand to watch it . Fast forwarding through all the action on earth I was dumbfounded by the impossible plot on the space ship . Special effects or not , this movie is not worth paying for , I did n't - -LRB- checked it out of the local library -RRB- . Take a hint from the Director credit
 The world is facing imminent destruction and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to avert catastrophe by firing a bomb into its fiery heart
 I bought this DVD because , many years ago , I worked on this film . Because I use it to teach a class , I have had the VHS version for many years . I thought that I would get into the 21st century and buy the DVD , in hopes that I could access the scenes I needed for the class quicker . Because the chapter index is very skimpy , I have to use a combination of the DVD an the VHS tape for the class . It sure beats winding and rewinding to get to the scenes I need but it sure would 've been nice to have a bigger index . P.S. - yes , it 's an awful movie but I did n't write it or act in it but it paid my rent .
 The first sign that this film is no good is it 's directed by `` Alan Smithee '' . `` Smithee '' is a psudonyum for directors who want to disassociate themselves from a finished picture . Too bad the stars did n't have the same luxery
 I would actually give this `` film '' no stars . Quite possibly , next to a few others , this has to be one of the most convuluted , boring and sickening movies to watch . Want the storyline ? Refer to the title , and thats about as exstensive as it gets . I own this on laser disc and have wanted to burn it for years . So many quality films being excluded from dvd and this pile of junk gets released . Too bad alot of good actors got caught up in this mess , but they are just as responsible . Man , this is bad , dont waste a dime on it .
 these movies are sssssoooooooooooooooo boring they try to be cool , but they are not . If you want to see them RENT them . they are not worth buying . Trust me I am a transformer fan . I 've bought old transformer toys for $ 200.00 . The story line of the shows are ok , but only ok . I could make the story line better . A lot better . Thank you so much for reading my review . Please dont think all transformers are boring . ...
 I remembered watching this movie as a kid and really enjoying it . However , after rewatching the Transformers Season 1 4 disc DVD set , this movie pales in comparison . The characters lacked personality and did n't look as interesting as the others . I recommend that you save your money and put it towards the more expensive , but more enjoyable , DVD box sets .
 What else I can said , this is the best movie I ever seen from `` The Transformers '' series . All of my favorites are in this movie , including my favorite hero of all time Optimus Prime . I felted sorry when he went down the flick but the movie just keep better and better till the end . This movie is worth the money buy it because you never if you ever see this greatest cartoon series of all time . `` Autobots transform ''
 Ok , ok , I realize that I am going to be fried for this but here goes ... I loved this movie as a child . I worshiped the TV series and I still have quite the collection of Autobots , and Decepticons . However , when my friend got me this film for my birthday , I watched it and found that it really did not hold my interest anymore . I think this film better served its purpose in the 80 's , and is truly lost in today 's modern era of animation . I would , however , like to see this film remade with better animation , and a FAR better soundtrack . I love the toys , but I did not like this movie .
 it was an EXCELENT movie but distroyed by Rhino . they Cut sceans , they Changed the movie , there are barelly NO extra features , and it is a bad transfer . this is just very disapointing . sorry to break it to you all but this is not worth the time or Money .
 the movie that i recieved was stated to be very new or close to new when i recieved it there were more scrats on it then i have seen on most very used dvd 's . i was very disappointed with it it if wouldnt for the fact my sons birthday was the day before i recieved it i would have returned it due to the marks on it !
 I was five when the Transformers came out.It was my favorite show.All of the characters were cool.Optimus Prime , Megatron , Prowl , Bumblebee , Skywarp , Ironhide , and yes ... even Starscream.So when I heard that there was going to be a movie , I was exstatic.Then I saw the movie.I was seven then.And I was absoulutely horrified!Prime , Prowl , Ironhide , Ratchet , and others bit the dust.Isn ' t it funny that when someone was shot in the series , they only suffered minor injuries.Yet , when the movie comes along , all of the heroes from the original series -LRB- Except for Jazz , Bumblebee , Perceptor , and Blaster -RRB- die horrifying deaths.The worst was when Prowl is shot and has smoke coming out of his mouth and eyes , and when Megatron blows Ironhide 's head off!It was probably a little too much for young kids at the time -LRB- Remember , this is before parental groups complained about `` desensatized children '' -RRB- , myself included.But now that I 'm all grown up , I criticize this movie , not just for that , but for how everything went.Epic battle ... Yes!Death of all of the originals ... No!Plus , the audiance is expected to like Hot Rod , Ultra Magnus , Kupp , and the rest on the spot!At least T.V. fans got the chance to get to know and like the Star Trek : Next Generation crew ! We did n't get that luxury in this movie.Now , other than those major objections ... it 's a decent film on it 's own.The introduction of Unicron -LRB- played by the late great Orson Wells -RRB- is a good concept.But , really , this thing could 've been better .
 How could so called `` Transformers '' fans like this atrocity ? Let me tell you why this movie should be banned . It was just a two hour commercial to kill off all the cool , old Transformers and make kids want the new ones . In the begining , every shot megatron fires kills an old autobot . By the end of the flick , the new guys are dodging bullets left and right . Optimus Prime dies valiantly , which is a serious , touching moment and could have set the tone for a great film . However , any integrity the film has is destroyed when the new transformers break out into a `` weird al '' music montage set to `` dare to be stupid . '' All the new characters are lame and annoying . The plot is pointless . The level of violence is near pornographic and toatly innapropriate for kids , which is this movie 's target demographic . This movie is an insult to the spirit of Optimus Prime . I hate this ... . Anybody who buys this should not call themselves a `` Transformers '' fan .
 The movie itself is FANTASTIC BUT beware that this is NOT the original 1986 movie . It 's the Special Collectors Edition that 's been remastered and includes foul language . The only way you 'd know that is if you happened to mouse over one of the extra thumbnail images -LRB- and who does that ?! -RRB- .
 mngsdfASbudfbuerivuysduyhDUob zyjhbdvfp SUIdv xvj Svbsdfvjx cndx j -RSB- bm
 Maybe it 's because I never saw this as a child -LRB- yes , I grew up in the 80 's -RRB- but I did n't like this movie . I think what really ruined it for me was the music . It made me role my eyes every time I heard the annoying 80 's rock blaring at me when there was an action scene . It really dates the flick . But , I 'm sure if this had been part of my extensive cartoon watching as a 6 year old , I 'd be praising it like everyone else .
 I tried to watch this movie a couple of months ago . I am sorry . I see no sorry . It 's a series of unrelated events and unanswered questions . Ugh . I do n't see why people love this movie . Even if you are a Transformers ' fan , you have to realize that this movie is sooooooooooooooooo boring . I had a hard time trying to watch this movie a second time.If you want real stories , check out Beast Wars and Beast Machines . Now that is entertainment .
 My child attempted to transform into a semi truck like the much lauded `` Optimus Prime . '' He has not been able to stand up straight since 1986 . It was weeks before we were able to detach the trailer . The Transformers are more than meets the eye , they are a disaster in disguise .
 I got this movie for my 6 and 5 year old sons who love transformers ! We have watched other PG rated movies before like Shrek ... I was appalled to hear the word SH_T in the movie . We immediately turned it off and our kids will not be watching it . They are of course heart broken as it was a Christmas present as well . So , to save other parents and kids disappointment , do not get it for your kids unless you are ok with cartoon characters swearing !
 I thought this was the movie , but it was n't it was a cartoon movie ! heehee
 Okay , I went out and actually bought this movie because I have n't seen it since childhood . About five minutes into it a bunch of the old-school characters get wiped out . Then another five minutes sees more of them getting sent to silocon heaven . The story was just flat out ridiculous , here you have this planet that is annihilating the universe but no one has ever seen or heard of it?Enough about the plot , I know it 's a kids movie . Now to the really annoying part , the music . Every battle sequence was filled with awful 80 's hair-rock music , lyrics and all . Most movies , like donnie darko , use short clips but this flick played entire songs . I heard `` The Touch '' in both the beginning and the end of the movie . I ca n't stress how much I hate that tune . The only time I liked it is when Marky Mark butchered it in `` Boogie Nights . `` The overflow of music makes this `` so-called classic '' impossible to enjoy . Thankfully the movie is just under 90 minutes , and if you try hard enough , it 's possible to make it to the end . But be warned , for those of you that enjoyed it as a youth , times change and people grow up ! This Movie Sucks Ass !!
 With the new live-action Transformers movie due out next summer , Sony 's trying to drum up excitement with an anniversary release of the animated movie on DVD . But no amount of special features can make up for an inferior transfer of the film itself . And the slew of special features are mostly not that special.VIDEO : With any DVD release , the video quality of the film is important . Sony has clearly dropped the ball in this department . The widescreen disc looks okay , but the color correction is not accurate and there is still a fair amount of dust visible . On the fullscreen disc , the movie is a mess . Colors are completely off with purples appearing as blackish reds and oranges appearing as yellows . And the contrast is way too high . Details are lost in deep shadows and overexposed highlights . There is also a lot of noise on the fullscreen version . This is disappointing because the fullscreen disc actually shows more of the animated image than the widescreen . This is because the film was animated 4:3 and cropped for the theatrical release . Why Sony could n't have restored the fullscreen version and cropped that to create the widescreen version I ca n't imagine . In any event this release is sadly lacking in the video quality department . * NOTE
 This DVD disc was not recognized on my Apple PowerBook G3 Firewire . The DVD drive tried to spin the disc up but gave up after a few seconds . There 's no DVD icon on the desktop . I tried on both OS 9 and OS X , and `` df - k '' on OS X did not show a mounted volume in the DVD drive.Since the TF Season 1 Collector 's Edition DVD discs play fine on the same laptop , it 's got to be the TFTM DVD disc that 's mastered non-Macintosh compatible . Major disappointment , since I own the Canadian VHS version of TFTM -LRB- containg that four-letter word -RRB- and was really looking forward to owning the uncensored edition on DVD .
 Even considering the fact that this movie is 25 years old , it 's still bad . There are plenty of other animated movies from that era that are ten times better than this . I stopped halfway through watching this with my kids because I just could n't bear it any longer . The animation is poor , but I can write that off to its age . The story is horrendous , with plot holes too numerous to count . On top of that , right in the middle of this movie I thought was geared for kids one guys yells an expletive at the top of his lungs . I do n't recommend this for anyone .
 I was really looking forward in seeing this movie . I have just started to get into the `` ANIME '' thing and have seen some good movies but this movie really stinks . Maybe I was expecting too much from it , but I dont think so . I have seen some -LSB- bad -RSB- movies in my time and this one ranks within the top 10 . Dont waste your time on this , go outside and watch the grass grow instead ... it will be more entertaining that watching this piece of trash .
 It was August 8 , 1986 , the release date of the very first Transformers movie . It had all the orginal characters
 Transformers The Movie is my favorite animated movie of all time . I was excited to learn this 20th anniversary edition was coming out . When I played it , I was very disappointed . Do n't get me wrong , the movie is great , and is worthy of all 5 stars . My low rating is because of the `` widescreen format . '' The 16:9 format is NOT the theatrical version . It is merely the full screen version with the top and bottom trimmed off . If you do n't believe me , look at the full screen version side by side with the `` wide screen '' version . It does have some great extra features , and the color is cleaned up , but this is not what is advertised on the box . If you are purchasing this for the full screen version or the special features , you 'll be fine , but if you want the true widescreen version , you will be disappointed like me . Buyers beware .
 There are some things to be said for this movie . The action is there and suspense is well placed at times . Some characters like Optimous Prime , Ultra Magness , Galvatron , and Unicron are well drawn and memorable . On it 's own , it is a fairly good movie . But in all honesty , this is very shallow compared to several animated movies I have seen . `` Scooby Doo On Zombie Island '' actually had a better story line ; this movie actually frightened me more ; character development was stronger ; the story started normal and gradually unfolded into terror ; and surprise events were VERY WELL placed . The Voltron series also carried more weight . We had 5 heroes with distinct personalities ; and the villains King Zarkon , Hagar the witch , and Prince Lotour carried a very frightening and chilling essence . But at times they were even likable ! The animated Batman series not only tried to stay within certain boundaries of plausibility , but they also worked greatly on character development . And often , we could be in two minds as to whether we should oppose the villains or feel sorry for them . I did like the Transformers at one time . But they lack either the charm and organization of the Scooby Doo Movies , the creepy charm of the Voltron -LRB- Lion -RRB- Movies , or the superb character development of the early 90s Batman Series . This movie seems to suffer from some of Disney 's traits . -LRB- A simple good guy versus bad guy plot , no gray areas , low humor , -LRB- ` Me Grimlock kick butt ' -RRB- , and amongst other things an artificial simplistic happy ending . Could n't the autobots have said one nice thing about their deceased noble leader Optimous Prime in the end ? How about poor Prowl , Iron Hide , and Ratchet ? I guess to say one nice thing about their deceased friends would have interfered with the typical Disney Happy Ending !
 i remeber watching this movie at my cousins house . i was a huge fan of them , so when i came to amazon and found it on DVD i bought it . so i get it play it , and 80 minutes later i realise i just wasted a lot of money . this movie has a realy bad story , BAD music and bad plotholes . the animations good though
 Remember when we were kids and this was new and it was the coolest thing to hit the big screen and it was so awesome and you could just watch it over and over again for days ? Me neither . I do n't know whether I 'm older and more sophisticated , or if CGI has jaded me on eight-cell animation , or if I was blinded by the awesomeness of the Transformers when I was a kid , but this is difficult to watch now.The animation , done at eight cells per second to cut costs , is herky-jerky and inconsistent . The problems with the visuals are amplified by the problems with the sound , which is flat and full of metallic screeches . The story proceeds hastily and with little explanation of its deviations from the TV series , as characters who have taken a massive pounding for years suddenly ca n't handle one sock in the gut.It 's interesting how many stars contributed voice work to this movie . Casey Kasem , Eric Idle , and Judd Nelson must be proud of their contributions . Leonard Nimoy and Robert Stack , both semi-retired at this point , contribute significant characters , and this was the last work for both Scatman Crothers and Orson Welles , the latter of whom reputedly expressed shame to realize this would be his swan song.There may be a great deal of nostalgia value to this movie for people who , like me , grew up on the Transformers . But I ca n't bring myself to watch it more than once . The Transformers may have been a pocket full of awesome when I was a kid , but I 'm not a kid anymore , and neither are you . Rest easy on your memories of happier times , do n't try to relive them by watching this unwatchable pelf .
 After seeing this movie , like many other fans , I could only draw one conclusion , the guys who made this film , made it clearly for money and to capitalize on the popularity of the Transformers . Worst part is they write a stupid ending and managed to kill of several of the best Transformers most notable is Optimus Prime . The Transformers series was a great show between good vs. evil with the good guys winning at the end . However , somebody forgot to tell the writers that . The animation is great but meaningless after Optimus Prime dies the life of movie was slowly slipping away . Most fans hate this movie and I can see why when it could have clearly been written better . The series continued after this movie but became less popular and drove fans toward other cartoon shows that dont kill of the good guys !! Not much as plot goes , the writers seem to make the moviesas they went along . Optimus Primes and Autobots getattacked by the Decepticons near their home base.Optimus tries to protect Ultra Magnus then gets killed.Megatron is also fatally wounded.Megatron then gets thrown out like scrap metal only to berecreated by Unicron -LRB- Orson Welles -RRB- as Galvatron.Galvatron then sneaks attacks and kills Lord Starscream -LRB- Chris Latta -RRB- in one of the films most popular but weak scene.That kinda describes the whole movie it seems to be a bigcommerical for the series . Yes the animation is wonderfuland the score is incredible , but the movie is wasted becauseits just a marketing ploy for Hasbro to reep the Transformersfranchise for all its worth.The writers of the series then saw their mistakes and ofcourse brought back Optimus and even brought back StarScreamfor several eps following the movie.The movies does introduce a couple of key character the Quintessons another robotic race that created the Autobotsand Decepticons but then became evil and basically want to rulethe universe .
 I saw this movie when I was 10 and was traumatized by how they killed Prime , Star Scream and many of the other characters I 'd loved from the series . It was a very poor way to handle the story .
 In 1986 I was awash in anticipation over Transformers
 This movie was done by top notch Japanese Animators . It is so pretty , you could reach out and touch a Transformer . The voice cast include Judd Nelson , Leonard Nimoy , and Orson Welles in his last movie performance . Peter Cullen plays Optimus Prime . There is also wild special effects and lighting that is so breathtaking ! To anyone who loves Japanese Animation I recommend this movie !
 A lifetime TF fan of the original series , the movie was a classic , when I first saw it August 9 , 1986 . I wish the new characters did n't have to be introduced by killing off the favorite characters . It was awful to see fire spewing out of Prowl 's mouth , when he was killed . And Ironhide 's head being blown off by Megatron . I just saw the Kid Rhino DVD , and it was the sorriest way to bring a classic movie to DVD . The colors were too bright , and the animation was choppy . Besides the interview with the composer of the music , this DVD did n't have any features . It was just sloppily thrown together , just to get a DVD of the movie out there . I hope in the future , Paramount -LRB- Who is filming the new Transformers movie -RRB- gets in touch with Marvel/Sunbow , and re-release the original film , complete with trailers from the original film , plus toy commercials , featuring the movie characters . This is one movie , Kid Rhino , should have never put their hands on . This DVD sucked !!!!
 Subject says it all . That single fact means a no sale for me . The laserdisc version of this released a few years back in Japan had both English and Japanese audio . Why the American DVD version did n't have that option , I have no idea . It would have been so easy for them to include it . Even for people who do n't understand Japanese , it would be a kick to hear Optimus Prime in his original language .
 I remember hating this movie as a kid , mostly because they killed of so many favorites and then set a bunch of Transformers I 'd never heard of before as the stars . Having seasons 1 and 2 on DVD , and knowing that this is the bridge to season 3 , I decided to give it another shot.Well , age has not made this any better.First , the sound track is awful . They should have just kept the same music as used in the series.Second , the inconsistancy of the deaths/damage . Ultra Magnus gets blown apart , yet survives , but Optimus Prime gets shot in the chest and dies?Third , the plot itself is sloppy and choppy . It simply rushes through the story , which might have had some potential but is very poorly executed.Fourth , the new Transformers are not introduced very well . It should have had a mixture of new and old together . The older ones should have been used to introduce the viewer to the newer ones.Fifth , and most critical , is the swearing . The `` S '' word had no business in this movie -LRB- for crying out loud , it is a filler between two seasons of a children 's cartoon -RRB- . It was inexcusable and all those that defend its inclusion have problems of their own.At best , this is no better than a mediocre , overly long episode that is poorly written . Might be worthwhile to fill out your G1 DVD collection , if you can find an inexpensive copy . Hardly worth the asking price , though .
 Yes , this is one of those movies you can never forget about . Most of us that grew up in the 80 's remember this movie . Truly , this is one that i do n't regret buying . Now that it is a part of my dvd collection , i can enjoy it over and over again . It can now be enjoyed by the next generation of kids can enjoy it as much as we all did when it came out .
 Transformers
 Starting with an all-star cast of voiceover actors , such as Judd Nelson , Robert Stack , Orson Wells , Scatman Crothers , Casey Kasem , and Leonard Nimoy , this is the movie that set the pace for future anime . It 's the year 2005 , and the Decepticons have taken Cybertron from Optimus Prime , and the Autobots , and their battle to save earth from the Unicrons , and the Decpticons . The Chosen one must take Optimus 's place , and open the matrix . As a kid , I loved this movie . After seeing it now , at my age , I realize how bad it was . I think kids will love it , but as an adult , you wo n't want to sit and watch it with your kids . Move on to something from Japan like Princess Mononoke , or Ghost in the shell for a movie you 'll all love .
 I bought this DVD Because I really liked the original series and actually have been waiting for the movie to come out on DVD . When I got it home to watch it I was somewhat disappointed as to the quality of the video . I am not a video/audio expert but I do know a good picture when I see one . The sound was good . I would have thought that the Features on the DVD would have been better . While the interview with the music composer was there interesting in some spots I found the whole thing B-O-R-I-N-G ! The director would have been better . If you but this DVD then do it for the movie sake . Not for any thing else and be willing to be satisfied with the movie alone or buy the video tape if you can find it .
 Star Wars was a much better movie . This is a terrible , distructive film full of nonsense violence and distruction . The film kills many beloved Autobot characters such as Optimus Prime , Prowl , Ratchet , Ironhide , Brawn , and Windcharger . This film shows the darkside of Transformers to parents who want to see this film with their childern . Without any knowledge about how good the T.V.Show is to kids , parents assume the entire film represents the franchise . The only positive things about this film is that it has beatiful Japanese Animation and Leonard Nimoy plays one of the voices .
 I purchased this movie for my 7 year old twin boys birthday thinking that because it said the rating was PG that it would be fine . Also , the market for Transformers is huge with boys their age and the toys being sold everywhere . Wow , were we hugely surprised to hear curse words on this cartoon movie . These were not just words like shoot or dang , but the real deal . I remember Transformers when I was growing up and I certainly do not remember their being foul language in the cartoons . I am going to take this matter up with higher management and at least get my money back and try find out what they were thinking . Who knows what the rating will end up being for the upcoming movie at the box office.Concerned in Alabama
 i bought the movie when it came out for 17.99 and now they want 112.99 for it that a rediculous price that you be dumb to pay for wait it will be releace again
 Well I bought this DVD yesterday and was really excited to finally see the `` theatrical widescreen version '' of the film , not having seen it since 1986 . So I pop in the first disc and start playing . I then start to realize ... this is n't a true widescreen version ! It 's just the full screen version reformated to play on a 16x9 television ! And actually when you compare them side by side , the widescreen version cuts off some of the image.Sure the colors are separated more but really I think I liked the colors of the original better . Sometimes the new version just seemed ... washed out . The original had deeper reds and looked more natural . I was kind of used to Unicron being almost orange and not yellow.Some of the extras are good , but not overly exciting . If you are looking for the true theatrical widescreen version prepare to be disappointed . Oh well now I have 2 full screen versions and 1 full screen version that plays natively on a widescreen tv .
 To clarify : The movie is NOT widescreen . The original prints of the film were lost years ago -LRB- after all , no one could have predicted the popularity of this movie twenty years later , especially considering its dismal box office take -RRB- , so this is just the 4:3 Pan n Scan version CROPPED into a widescreen format . In other words , Sony took the already cropped Pan n Scan and then CROPPED IT MORE . This is even apparent during the section where they speak of the digital clean up . The `` before '' and `` after '' versions are different , as the `` after '' versions are cropped considerably . So purists who 've been looking for lost footage are n't going to find it here - you 're actually losing footage by watching this version.Speaking of digital clean up , the picture is awful . The contrast has been brightened up way too much , and everything looks washed out . Additionally , Hot Rod is pink ... not magenta or burgundy or even red ... but bright , nail polish pink . I can not explain to you how awful the picture is.The special features are interesting , which is the only reason that I recommend this version . However , if you simply want to watch the movie or show it to a friend for the first time , stick with the Rhino version . The colors in this are simply too bleached ... nearly painful to look at .
 This movie is my favorite movie . Ever . I feel terrible giving it two stars . But it gets 2 stars because I am comparing it to the Rhino version , which I also own . I also own the original VHS . I have watched this movie at least once a year since I was 8 except for about 6 years in middle school/HS . I can sit in class and watch it from memory in my head.BUY THE RHINO VERSION.If you ca n't find the Rhino version , this is n't half bad . Its just that that version is much better , and since I have been growing up with older copies , the new one 's flaws , minor to the newcomer , are blinding to me . I also am physically unable to watch any of the `` Special Edition '' Star Wars because of those changes , if that gives a clue to my movie anality.BUY THE RHINO VERSION IF YOU CAN FIND IT.One complaint is that the VHS had this cool `` glitter '' effect in a couple of scenes involving energon and Unicron internals . It is present in the VHS , It came out wrong in the Rhino version , and was totally gone in the 20th . Thanks for deleting part of my childhood.In comparison to the Rhino version : The remaster is terrible . Mine seems to flicker and have strange artifacts . The colors are totally off . Hot Rod is basically magenta/pink instead of red and his orange is not orange like an orange , it is orange like a cheaply made basketball.Widescreen is fake . It is a cut fullscreen . I wish you were n't such a liar , Sony.Cover art
 Ah , Transformers
 In pursuit of nostalgia , I just had to watch this again recently . Bad idea ; let sleeping nostalgia lie . Now instead of warm memories , I 've been confronted with the harsh truth.Let 's start with the most annoying part
 Well , I just bought myself Transformers on DVD . Giggling like an idiot and running to my DVD player I was absolutley shocked when I threw it in . No extras whatsoever . Not even a theatrical trailer . Pan and Scan only ?!?!! Augh ! Could it get any worse ? Yep . The sound is horrible . Hissy and muted . The Video is n't incredible , either . on Par with the VHS copy . Perhaps slightly crisper . I 'm not sure if I got a different version . It has a different cover than what 's shown here on Amazon -LRB- I bought mine at a local video store -RRB- This version is released by a company called Seville and Sports a cover like the VHS Release froma few years back with Optimus . Needless to say . I was incredibly dissapointed . Disgusted , even .
 I love Transformers and this movie could have been pretty cool like all of the televized cartoons , but the music makes it UNBEARABLE !
 like the other reviewer , I hunted up this DVD as I try to see everything that actor Alan Rickman has been in . Unlike the other reviewer , even Alan could not save this angst ridden foray into melancholy , morose scenery , and melodramatic acting.First off , Rickman fans be forewarned-in the entire 3 part series , Alan is seen in about ten minutes of time . Even with that , I would have been happy to see the always wonderful work of Brian Cox and Kate Nelligan.For the most part the acting WAS above par , but the storyline seemed to bring out high drama in both leads-to the point of laughability . The story itself is one of these dark , maudlin `` classics '' that we 're all supposed to `` get '' , and if not then we must be plebeian . Well , just call me plebe , because watching this was like pulling teeth without anesthetic . By the end , I did not care WHAT happened to Therese or Laurent . They were frankly despicable people who selfishness and depravity were bile raising.I adore period dramas but I 'd rather be hit repeatedly with this DVD than have to watch it again.no stars .
 The people who liked this movie seem to have done so in blind devotion to Mae West . Whilst their devotion is understandable hear it is entirely misplaced.An aging West is trying to portray the roles she did in the increasingly distant past in amongst a low grade farce involving former husbands and lovers.An intresting member of the cast is Timothy Dalton playing a British Secret Service agent -LRB- basically James Bond -RRB- his performance here should have been warning enough that he was never given the role for real.He 's an aside though the film stands and falls on Maes performance and that 's its biggest flaw she was past her prime and comedic best and rolling out tired gags and lame catchphrases -LRB- including the infamous `` Come up and see me sometime '' line -RRB- are no way to remember such a sterling talent
 There is n't much to add to the other comments except this
 I have to disagree with -LSB- a -RSB- reviewer , as this film deserves every bit of scorn heaped upon it and then some . Pity the poor cast as they try to maintain the illusion that the ghoulish , octagenerian Ms. West is some kind of a sex symbol . Run for ear plugs as she and Mr. Dalton mutilate `` Love will keep us together '' -LRB- not the best song to begin with but it deserves better than this -RRB- . Recoil in horror as the reanimated corpse of Mae West spouts sexual innuendos that were stale 60 years before this film was made!Of course , even without Ms. West dottering around the set this movie would be unwatchable . The screenplay is dreck and it was seemingly directed by Helen Keller.I watched this movie on a dare , and I 'm convinced that God has knocked some time of my upcoming sentence in Purgatory because of it . Unless horrifically bad movies are your hobby this is to be avoided like the plague .
 well , what can i say about this movie , i just acquire it to see the great West on her 80s fun as ever in her last movie work . the dvd transfer ? well i cant see any diference between it and the vhs format they have the same bad and poor image , but who cares is Mae West on it thats worth this dvd . for the Mae West fans is a great acquisition . well , she can even move , her voice is litle , but hello she was 85 , and stills ... . mmmm well come up and see me sometime .
 Mae West was seriously considered for the role of Norma Desmond in Sunset Boulevard . After watching this film , it 's easier to understand why she was Billy Wilder 's first choice.This film has to be the first commercial venture of a star losing all touch with reality . Mae does n't do anything she has n't done before , and she does it as she always did , but she 's living in a world where time and space no longer exist.She 's in her eighties . She wears false fingernails and a gaudy array of wigs . Her waistline is non-existent . Her face is sagging and her voice is cracking . She exhibits all the usual attributes of a senior citizen . But the producer , the director , and her co-stars have apparently decided to give the old lady one last charitable send off , and she must have gone to her grave happy . But any discerning viewer has to see it as documented evidence of a great star who 's lost all touch with reality and could be considered clinically insane .
 For those who are true Mae West fans this may be the only opportunity to see Sextette on DVD . If you do n't want to dish out $ 10 to see one of the worst transfers in DVD history -LRB- and Rhino reps admitted to blindly obtaining a poor print -RRB- , then buy this one on VHS ! The tape is 10 times better in sight and sound than the disc -LRB- should n't that be the other way around ? -RRB- and is still available.As for the movie itself , it 's a joke but a true CAMP and CULT Classic . Paramount pictures originally made this movie and was so embarrased by it that they shelved it before releasing it ! An independent Canadian movie company saved it from destruction . Rather that was a good thing depends on your interest in Mae West .
 Mae West was the ultimate sex symbol in the 1930s and 1940s . She retired from movies in 1943 , and only returned in the 1970s . Unfortunately , she seems to have thought that she could simply pick up where she left off.And I 'm going to try not to be ageist , but her final film , `` Sextette , '' made me squirm -- it 's kind of embarrassing watching the octogenarian West awkwardly creaking out double-entendres at men fifty years younger than herself . But the rest of the story is a mess as well , involving an audio tape , the UN , and secret agents.Movie star/sex symbol Marlo Manners -LRB- West -RRB- is marrying her sixth husband , British lord Sir Michael Barrington -LRB- Timothy Dalton -RRB- . Their honeymoon is to be spent at a posh hotel , which also happens to be where all the world 's leaders are congregating for some kind of conference.And while Sir Michael embarrasses himself for the press , Marlo is approached by a gaggle of her ex-husbands -LRB- including a presumed-dead mobster -RRB- , all of whom are still desperately in love with her . And her evil manager -LRB- Dom Deluise -RRB- has convinced her to destroy the audio tape of her memoirs ... except he keeps fudging it.If you 've ever read a bad self-insert fanfic , you pretty much know the feeling that `` Sextette '' inspires ... except it also makes you sad to see a great star looking like an awkward , lecherous mummy . It 's all about how Marlo is the sexiest creature alive , and everybody with a Y chromosome -- including men SIXTY YEARS YOUNGER -- desperately wants to have sex with her.Most of the story is devoted just to that . Marlo sashays awkwardly around the hotel , creaking out dialogue mostly made up of double entendres -LRB- `` Do you get a lot of proposals from your male fans ? '' `` Yeah , and what they propose is nobody 's business '' -RRB- . But `` Sextette '' does try to come up with more of a story ... and it 's a disaster . It 's thin as paper and yet horrible convoluted . It tries to cram in wacky comedy , spy thrills and international intrigue , only to hamfistedly try to wrap them up in the silliest way possible . Also , there is singing . Horrible , awkward singing.As I mentioned , it 's simply saddening to see Mae West as a hollow shell of herself , slathered in mortar-like makeup and looking somewhat mummified . She 's also the only actor in this movie who does n't look heartily ashamed of herself -- Timothy Dalton , Dom Deluise , Tony Curtis , Alice Cooper and the rest all look vaguely embarrassed , as if they ca n't remember how they got here . `` Sextette '' is a little like watching your grandmother make a pass at your boyfriend -- embarrassing and horrendously awkward . Just pretend West never came out of retirement .
 If you want to see Mae West strut her stuff at age 85 , step right this way ! All others are best advised to watch the legendary Mae at her peak in `` She Done Him Wrong '' and `` I 'm No Angel . '' The once-in-a-lifetime supporting cast should have stayed home or played golf . Released two years before her death , `` Sextette '' was Mae 's celluloid tombstone .
 Where to begin ... I 'm a big fan of Mae West and I was really looking forward to this movie . As far as I was concerned , it could n't miss
 If you 're a big fan of Mae West , I suggest you get her movies when she was in her prime , but not when she was in her 80 's and still acting like she was back then.Why would a 30 something year old man like Timothy Dalton be attracted to an 80 year old woman in the first place ?? An 80 year old woman arousing a young man ?? Yeah , right . . If you like camp or bad movies , then this right up your alley.This is bad all the way around.Bad comedies and bad musicals do n't go together for one thing.Maybe separately , but not this.Do you really want to see Mae and Timothy sing `` Love Will Keep Us Together '' ?? Not me.Everyone involved ought to be ashamed.From Alice Cooper to Regis Philbin to Tony Curtis to the director and the writer.No wonder this movie bombed.It belongs right along side `` Ca n't Stop the Music '' . See Mae West when she could pull off the sexual innuendos back in her prime , but this?This is plain embarrassing and painful . . YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!
 Well , ya get what you pay for ! And ten bucks ai n't gon na get ya much ! Not in this case anyway . Watchable print but faded color and really BAD sound with loud buzz . But if your a West fan you better grab it . It is doubtful that this film will ever be re-stored .
 Mae West became a sex symbol not because of the way she looked but because of the way she spoke . Her unique delivery coupled with memorable , highly quotable double entendres -LRB- `` Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just glad to see me ? '' -RRB- were the highlights of her early - '30s movies . In SEXTETTE -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , her final film , a fossilized , eighty-something Mae delivers the same kind of dialogue that made her famous way back when , and the result is a textbook example of how not to grow old gracefully.In this West-scripted endeavor , Mae immodestly casts herself as sex queen Marlo Manners , the World 's Most Desirable Woman -LRB- yikes ! -RRB- , who ca n't seem to keep men from pursuing her , even when she 's on her honeymoon . The once-in-a-lifetime supporting cast includes Timothy Dalton , Tony Curtis , Ringo Starr , George Hamilton , Alice Cooper , Dom DeLuise , Keith Moon , George Raft , and Regis Philbin . People say you ca n't go home again and it 's true ; embarrassingly , the respirator-ready West apparently felt she never left home to begin with . Yet , no matter how bleak a picture I paint , this is one movie some folks will insist on experiencing for themselves . Good luck .
 When most people over 80 are locked in old age homes , orsitting on a chair 24/7 , or layin in bed all day living their final years , In SEXTETTE , Mae West proved that `` Life Doesnt ENDafter 80 ! '' Although in most parts she looked and walked andtalked like is she was a zombified embalmed corpse , she lookedlike she was enjoying herself . The movie is stupid and silly , butit is amazing to watch Mae in her 80 's , with all those heavycostumes strugglin thru her lines . Above all , the movie is just ` silly fun ' . You 'll enjoy it .
 it 's less than 20 bucks ... so do n't go spending anymore than that in this wonderful economy we have !! Cheers . . Tony -LRB- NYC -RRB-
 An odd twist on time distortion in which , due to the inexplicable appearance of the aurora borealis over Queens , a New York cop is able to communicate via ham radio with his long-dead father thirty years in the past . Completely ignoring the warnings of Doc Brown and Marty McFly , he immediately spoils the upcoming World Series and dozens of important life moments for his father , before the two decide to pair up in search of an unresolved string of historical murders . The film ca n't decide if it wants to do the sappy paternal bonding thing or follow a more suspenseful path , and its main plot mechanism is clunky , under-explained and inconsistent . It 's also routinely telegraphed from beginning to end , with a narrow scope limiting its potential escape routes and an overdose of father-son baseball allegories . Hackneyed , hammy and haphazard , it plays like a bloated sci-fi short story in desperate need of revision .
 I saw this movie when on vacation in Utah . I could not believe a talent like Dennis Quaid was wasted in a go-nowhere movie like this.I have seen Dennis Quaid in several films , and I have to say the only thing watchable about this film is his performance in it . His co-star is wooden , and unbelievable . The plot was not written well enough to hold my interest , even as an action movie.Go rent this before you spend the money on it .
 At 16 maybe im too young to appreciate this type of movie but i realy didnt like it . When i first saw it at the movies i came out feeling very boared , confused and thought i was missing something . So when i had the oppotunity to see it again i thought i might understand it more . Nope i was just as confused and parts of this movie just do not fit together . From its advertising it sounded realy good , but its not what i thought it would be . I give it 2 stars for the good acting and the good parts here and there but thats all .
 There are some interesting ideas in this film . It does try to be a father and son story , but somehow gets caught in the murky confusion of a temporal story gone awry . There are several plot holes , and no matter how seemingly compelling the father and son story gets , we ca n't ignore them.If you are like me and ca n't overlook cheesy , all too convenient solutions to problems , and plethoras of plot holes , you probably would be best off avoiding this one .
 whatever these reviewers are on , I want some . This movie dragged . I kept waiting for something cool to happen , but they just kept talking to eachother over the mic-bla bla bla blaaa . I would n't know if the conversation was good because I just fastforwarded all of it after a while . A real bore .
 This film suffers from some of the worst old-age make-up I 've ever seen in a modern film -- so fake looking that its distracting ! This film also suffers from that long-standing cliche of the hero being saved at the last minute by the mystery gunshot out of nowhere . I hate that !
 Excellent idea , bad execution . We all know that time travel in this day and age is not possible so Frequency takes an uncommon event to try and explain how it has suddenly became possible . But what was needed is an explanation as to why different time periods could essentially be happening at the same time -LRB- for a better and more entertaining look at this concept , read Michael Crighton 's Timeline -RRB- , and there is a good explanation that could be covered in a few minutes . While the movie was based on a good idea , and it had some exciting moments , the script left something to be desired . The picture perfect ending is what completely ruined the movie for me -LRB- just like the ending to the Waterboy -RRB- . Michael Eisner had to be involved . There were some good scenes , especially when Quaid finds a way to escape the fire and when James Caviesel escapes from the Police Interrogation room , but other than that the movie goes on with unexplained events and unestablished relationships between characters -LRB- what ever happened to his live-in girlfiend ? -RRB- . I watched it and had an idea that it might be good , instead , I was treated to a Disney ending , which definitely was the wrong choice for an original movie .
 This movie had such a sugar sweet quality about it , I got a tooth-ache . I am surprised they did n't go back and save Political leaders and the like . Enjoyable most of the time if you can get past the obvious lack of rational thought , and wasted screen time . I should have rented it on video . Not a suitable movie to sit through at the theatre . TOO LONG . Rent it , make popcorn , take a break every 20-30 minutes , you 're good to go .
 I waited almost two months to rent this video . Unfortunately. , I was disappointed . The movie while poignant , was spasmodic and disjointed . I had to try too hard to piece together the events while they were occurring . James Caviezel 's performance was compelling . Dennis Quaid 's acting was fair .
 This is another example of Hollywood at its worst . The premise is just hard to swallow . The dialogues and story all conspire to make a joke of a movie . You have turn off your brain to see this one . It is rather pathetic .
 The movie would have been shorter by at least half an hour without those overdone slow motions overflowing with mega-sap . Overall hokey and unconvincing ; terrible example of overdone Hollywood sentimentality with dramatic musical score overkill . Forgettable movie .
 Very strange to follow . Too much forward and backwards in the plot . Like the suspense , probably wo n't watch again.Too shifty .
 This is a movie ripe for MST3K treatment -LRB- Mike Nelson , where are you ??? -RRB- It 's unintentionally funny when it 's supposed to be earnest.Paired with `` Deep Impact '' , you could have Annoying Boy Geniuses And Outer Space Film Festival.Be prepared to laugh.The movie 's best bits-1 -RRB- James Woods ' attempt at a German accent.He 's trying to be Werner Van Braun as Poor Single Dad -- and he ends up sounding like he 's doing tryouts for a movie version of ` Hogan 's Heroes . ' 2 -RRB- The annoying boy 's bond with his chimp.Boy loses mother , boys finds companionship with chimpanzee?Huh?At first , I thought I was watching `` Gorillas in the Mist '' -- but then I realized it was n't `` Chimpanzees in the Mist . `` 3 -RRB- Annabel Gish looks so much like Sigourney Weaver I seriously thought this movie was `` Gorillas in the Mist . '' Boy was I wrong ... 4 -RRB- `` Race to Space '' , making a movie title rhyme is a crime ! 5 -RRB- Speaking of crimes , it IS a crime to threaten a champanzee.even if he does n't get a word you 're saying.The Touching Final Scene ends with the Bad Guy getting arrested for this .6 -RRB- Mark Moses , from `` Desperate Housewives '' -LRB- who 's the Creepy Neighbor with a Secret , widower of Mary Alice -RRB- is Alan Shepherd.I expected to hear Danny Elfman 's `` Desperate Housewives '' theme.Everybody overacts in this campy movie ; you expect it to be on Wisteria Lane.If you enjoy cheesy acting , a supposedly suspenseful final sequence -LRB- which consists of the boy whining to his beloved chimp & repeatedly ; getting upset -RRB- & REALLY ; bad German accents , zis eez the film for you !
 After the dissapointing team up of Van Damme and Ringo Lam on Maximum Risk , I must say I had my doubts about this film . And while it is better then Maximum Risk it is still a fairly flawed film.As other reviewers have mentioned Van Damme does do a good job of portraying these duel good and evil roles , and he does not over act them like he might of in the 80 's . But here lies the problem of this whole film . All the acting is fairly understated and the pacing is dull and plodding , and it is neither scary nor funny nor action packed . It tries to be a bit of everything and fails on all fronts ... not completly , but enough to make it unsatisfying.Now I do n't know about you , but I think Michael Rooker is pretty dull . In Replicant I suppose he is fairly convincing as a hard-boiled cop , but he does n't bring anything to the role that may have taken it to the next level . And speaking of Michael Rooker , one of the main reasons I got this DVD was for the Van Damme commentary , but alas he hardly speaks , when he does speak his english is alot worse then I thought it would be by now , but his excitement is very catchy . But bloody boring Michael Rooker talks alot , and it 's almost always about himself and boy has he got an ego . By the end of the film he has resorted to talking about how much he works out and what a pity it was that he only got a short chance to show off his `` muscled torso '' breifly in a T-shirt in REPLICANT !!!! ... Now Ringo Lam has proved that he knows how to do some crazy action -LRB- like the chinese outings BURNING PARADISE and FULL CONTACT for example -RRB- , but he REALLY holds back on the goods in REPLICANT . There is basicly no solid action scenes untill the end fight , which I thought would rule , but VAN DAMMES skills are barely used and the chreography , shot composistion and editing is not even very good.To summarise REPLICANT is a dull , plodding and an unthrilling `` thriller '' with almost no decent action , unscary evil guy scenes and very underdeveloped sci/fi elements . However it is cool to see Van Damme extend himself acting wise.For die hard fans of Van Damme only , or people who thought Maximum Risk , Double Team , Universal Soilder : The Return and Streetfighter were `` good '' Van Damme films .
 I should have known that a Van Damme movie would not be worth the time or money . It simply sucked .
 Jean-Claude Van Damme , darling , what were you thinking ?! This movie REEKS ! Terrible acting by all charactars , a clich&eacute; plot , and not enough action . This is what happens when good actors make bad movies . If you want a good Van Damme movie , see Bloodsport , Kickboxer , Hard Target , Double Impact , Street Fighter , or anything besides this one ! ...
 and past his prime to B-movieland he goes . Van Damme ? Ho hum . Now free to embrace the old superheros retirement home along with pals Stallone , Schwarzaneggar & Segall et al , Damme -LRB- it -RRB- 's cardboard acting -LRB- indeed the entire flick -RRB- which delivers action that rivals a race between two slugs and character development , envisages twiggy-like thin-ness . Watch this movie as you would drying paint - in anticipation of fini !
 this is pure crap dont buy this movie the story line might sound really good but trust me the way they did it sucks the whole movie van damn looks pathetic and im his biggest fan which makes me sad that they put him in this movie he really isnt even the main star and he plays two rolls this is just crap dont buy this movie its not even a kicking movie till the end which fight seen was a joke why people rated this movie so good idk but trust me its his worst movie ever
 Got my movie in the mail today and there was no movie in the case !!! Not happy at all : -LRB-
 Movie Summary
 video was kinda lame . if i ever meet manson i 'm going to ask him to personally refund my 20 bucks . the only good scene was the song where he was all `` cover me in snow . '' the rest of the video was pretty stupid . the backstage shots were too short and not very clear . there were lots of gross moments , like manson swimming , ginger pooping and walking around with it in his mouth , and just manson with nasty makeup and stuff.i wish there had been more backstage footage . i also bought nin 's closure , and that was very good - the backstage stuff was short , but interesting and clear , & the onstage footage was good . in dead to the world , a major disappoitment was the `` beautiful people . `` this is my fave manson song , but i h8ed the video 's version with the tuba.there were no videos . instead , there was lots of footage of christian people complaining about how much they h8ed manson . it was ok @ 1st , but after a while , i just wanted 2 c some of the band.speaking of the band , there was almost no footage of the band except marilyn . i really wanted 2 c sum pics of pogo , but he was only on 2x , 4 a short time.the video had its moments , but overall it was poorly made , poorly shot , poorly edited and poorly directed . i still like the band , but i feel that this video did n't really show ther best side .
 Here 's my review
 I love Marilyn Manson!But ... after watching this movie , I had a change of thoughts . If you like to see band members vomiting , band members deficating , and then playing with it , people rubbing stuff against their bare naked d * ck , and other profanity , you should buy this movie . I thought it would just be a movie of their tour , but it 's a bunch of s ** t. Stick to the CD 's . By the way , I think Courtney put a hell of a show on at the tour ! Manson ... a bit sick . I still think that Manson kicks , but some of the stuff he does just disgustes me so much , and makes me think just what he 's puting in the minds of our youth today . You think about it . The shootings at that school for instance ...
 ANYONE WHO WOULD TAKE THEIR RIBS OUT SO THAT THEY COULD GIVE THEMSELVES A _____ iS A FREAK . I LIKE MARILYNS MUSIC , BUT HATE THE WAY HE DOES HIS VIDEOS AND PRESENTS HIMSELF . HE SCARES ME
 I 'd say Stupid , Stupid , Stupid . Just Plain Stupid
 Do n't waste your money ! The original book was far better than this version . So was the 70s version , one of those `` Made for TV '' movies.Find the book wherever you can , and read it . It is sort of like another favorite I read over and over again as a kid
 I watched this movie when the title caught my attention . As a young kid growing up in a highly disfunctional family I read a book with the same title . This was my favorite book through my entire youth as well as highschool . It was my escape.The movie is loosely based on the book in the charactors and the plot . However the book was so much deeper in the respect of how JJ learns to live in the park . As soon as the Kathleen Turner charactor is shown you know exactly where this thing is going . JJ never seems to be more than a few days at summer camp sleeping in a really cool cave.He never gets sick from eating out of garbage cans . He never breaks into Taven on the Green for food . He never build a tree house using ropes because he ca n't hurt the tree.This book is out of print but if you can find a copy or get it at your library READ IT ! You will remeber it forever .
 Prince of Central Park -LRB- 2000 -RRB- has the participation of HarveyKeitel , albeit in a secondary or terciary role that revolvesaround a youth , old enough for grade school , raised in a fosterhome , spending most of his time on the streets , where he has theadvantage of quickly learning the ways of the world , but also ofjeopardizing an ambitious future , surrounded by a litany ofstruggling,down-trodden individuals , the first of which , is hisguardian , a woman whose parenting activity is a revenuegenerator , coupled with a sideline of an escort service , viewersrealize.The story bravely takes on two several prejudices , the firstbeing that onebeing born into wealth -LRB- or conversely , born intopoverty -RRB- is a guarantee of one 's future , of being preordained andguaranteed , and secondly , that a lack of family , or having beenabandoned by one 's parents -LRB- due to illness or otherwise -RRB- willresult in aninsecurity . a lack of pride , of generating a gap inself-confidence to the point of rendering impossible lateraccomplishments . It tries to prove points as not being the case.The youth , played skillfully by Frank Nasso , is depicted asstruggling with a lack of financial support and a lack of familythat is threatening his true potential.Next , Kathleen Turner plays an aging mother , transformed by theonset of Alzheimer 's or dementia , accelerated by her son ` spremature demise , from an accident.Coincidentally , a former childhood friend of his , a homeless man -LRB- the so-called the &#34; Guardian Keeper of Central Park -RRB- , lives inthe outdoors -LRB- Harvey Keitel 's character -RRB- and makes contact withthe youth , offering wisdom and the lessons learned from age andexperience to show him the right path to his rightful future.This movie has some hard lessons , and shows the harsh reality thatsome viewers may want to avoid , but that , neverless , exist inthis world we live in , which is not surprising , as that is thetrademark of Harvey Keitel 's movies
 Many years ago , I saw was fortunate to see off Broadway show `` Prince of Central Park '' Reason I say fortunate , is because UNFORTUNATELY this was in and out . Everyone I was every telling about this show has never heard of it . I have to say that that was THE most impressive shows I have ever seen . Many years later I came across this movie and was excited because I could finally share it with my husband who I was telling so much about the show . Unfortunately the movie was not done as powerfully as the show was . Even thought the subject is very moving . I wish this Broadway Show would be back .
 I bought this , but I have yet to watch the entire DVD . I had hoped that it would be an easy step-by-step , but that was not the case . I am not sure if I should have understood this before purchase , but the part I watched was very new age spirituality and very little actual forms . It did not hold my attention at all .
 I would give this one 0 star if Amazon allowed me.I read all the good reviews on this DVD and decided to get a copy . Luckly we had one from the local library.After I reviewed the library copy , I am completely shocked that someone can produce a DVD like this one and call it `` Tai Chi '' . It is not even half way close.The demonstrator did n't even get his movement right . In fact the content of the DVD is a set of morning exercise combining a little bit of everything possibly Asian
 This was such a disappointment . Very little dialog or instruction . If you can learn just from watching the silent teacher , then you 'd do ok . But I need someone to walk me through step by step and tell me the why and wherefore . Definitely not for beginners .
 This CD would probably be okay for someone already familiar with Tai Chi , but it was useless to a beginner . If I followed his directions , I sometimes would not be able to see his example on the screen . Also , more verbal directions/reminders throughout would have been helpful . His garments flowed attractively as he went through the positions , but I thought they obscured the movements .
 I bought this for my dads birthday . He and my mom were going to try it out . They said it was ` interesting ' and also terrible . :-LRB- : -LRB-
 So basic I just felt like turning it off and going back to bed . None of the tranquility I expected with doing this . Sleep was better
 I do n't normally review products . But my disappointment in this product prompts me to do so .1 . The DVD is hard to navigate . To find actual instruction for Tai chi moves - one has to hunt through too many different levels in the menu .2 . The instruction for the tai chi moves once you find them is minimal .3 . The DVD does not teach you anywhere near all 24 moves of tai-chi4 . The DVD is more a easy/going touchy feely way to wake up - more stretch and breath than anything .5 . It 's very very repetitive .6 . While the outdoors scenes are pretty , the director rarely moves the camera in an effort to guide you towards further education.I will be sending the DVD back . I suggest you look elsewhere as I will for guidance in tai-chi . The search continues .
 I like the video but it jumps ahead . For the 20 minute workout , i 'm done in 15 ! The 60 minute program is more like 40 . i think of all of the tutorials , i have seen only 1 all the way through and most , it just skips over them . It is horrible ! I tried this but the video is such poor quality that it makes it difficult to feel it is doing any good .
 I sat through this all the way to the end , and I was bored stiffless . The acting was hammy and the f/x and plot were laughable . Sure its a classic , sure its ` Hammer ' but who cares ? This film wo n't appeal to the new age of horror fans . Give this film a miss . But if you like your horror corny , then this is your film .
 THIS MOVIE STUNK IN SUCH A MAJOR WAY THAT I WANTED TO BLOW MY T.V. UP WHEN THIS PIECE OF JUNK FILM WAS OVER . AND FOR THOSE OUT THERE WHO THINK THIS IS GOOD . I HAVE ONE QUESTION FOR YA . WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN SMOKING ?
 I returned this DVD almost three weeks ago as it was for ZONE 1 rather than ZONE 4 -LSB- I am in Australia -RSB- so I was not able to use it . I am still waiting for some acknowlegement from Amazon that they have received it and if they will be sending me my money back or replacing the video .
 i had no idea that this dvd would n't work in my USA dvd player , it would have been nice if the seller would have specified that !! what a waste of money !!
 Not often can we really enjoy a video with grandchildren - or even by ourselves - but this was great with many laughs !
 It seems that Korine has just decided to make his script as controversial as possible so that it would at least allow him some publicity for a film that probably would have otherwise sunk without trace . Being a small independent movie , it suffers the effects of such a budget ; bad sound , camerawork and even actors -LRB- apart from Sevigny -RRB- . Unlike many other films that are similar in content and subject matter , Clark 's direction does n't raise it above standards . Boys Do n't Cry is a classic example of an ` indie ' film that has risen above prejudices concerning independent films due to Peirce 's sharp direction and haunting photography .
 WOw , I would say that these kids are a carefully selected bunch of losers . They have nothing going for them but their reckless youth , meaningless promiscuity , and semi-affluence , combined with indifferent parents and a complete lack of interesting minds , not to forget low self esteem . Those are all the buzzwords designed to shock
 Hate to rain on the parade here -LRB- then again ... no I do n't ! I 'm lovin ' it ! -RRB- , but I 'm having trouble believing I saw the same film as the rest of these Amazon.com viewers . The only thing worse than the empty , bubbleheaded , `` cute '' films where `` hot '' WB stars cuss , screw , and pose for their fans are films like this ; films that foist a short-sighted , narrow-minded view on moviegoers . -LRB- Mind you , this is coming from a 18-year old h.s. graduate , inches away from college life . -RRB- This is the kind of hollow movie that is peddled to disenfranchised middle-class suburbanites and hypersensitive parent/teacher groups that attempts to make a moral and social statement about the despair and hopelessness of underprivileged youth in major urban centers , which is n't a bad thing by any means . However , the movie throws the most explicit of images at the viewer under the pretense of `` realism '' . Hey , I 'm all for shaking up the MPAA ; the rating system and censorship standards are a joke . Moreover , I do understand that the truth is not always beautiful . But parading a bunch of soulless , mumblemouthed , drugged-out sex machines in front of the camera is not art by any means , period.Now before my words are dismissed , allow me to make two points
 This movie got all its attention simply because of the shocking way these kids act . Although I did not grow up in a big city I knew kids like the ones portrayed and found them just as much a waste of life then as the kids in the movie now.Some of the acting was n't bad , in particular the actress portraying Jenny , the girl who discovers she has aids after only only having sex with one boy . However , I was just plan bored and to me , thats the worst sin a movie can commit ; boredom .
 By film 's end , I was hoping the Driller Killer would show up to put Telly and Capser out of their misery . In the end , the only people you truly feel sorry for , is the man on the subway with no legs and the skater punk who gets beaten nearly to death .
 This film deserves 2 stars because it is different and does make you feel sad and empty , so I guess you have to give a film something that makes you feel that way . You also have to mind that these kids were just actors . After having taught in the New York Public Schools in New York for two years and growing up as a white teen in the Mission Hill section of Roxbury , Massachusetts , I can say that the kids in this movie make up less than .2 % of the kids in the inner cities . Lots of kids have drank when they were 8 or 9 but not many of them act as stupid as these kids . People just arent that bad in real life , and most of the kids in NYC are great . Many kids in the suburbs or parts of the city that have money have an attraction to these kinds of movies becuase of some insecurities of their own , and want to be a part of this urban culture because of something that they are missing in their own lives . I guess this movie had a message that people are bad in many cases , but overall it is a movie that does n't have one likeable character or moment . If you felt good after this movie or thought it was `` the bomb '' then you have problems and should go see a doctor , or simply get a life .
 The story somehow is quite interesting , and it does highlights several issues that people should be aware of , but for god 's sake , it 's exceeds the reality , i know there are kids like that and even more , i was one of them once , but the way it was let go was quite exadurated , specialy the last 15 minutes or so.Anyway worth watching , i 'm giving it three stars simply for the idea and the awarness it could cause -LRB- somehow -RRB- , however the quality of picture -LRB- dvd -RRB- is not that good -LRB- 2 out of five -RRB- sound is terrible .
 I am only 14 years old . I would think that a movie like this would have an impact on someone my age . It didnt . It nearly put me to sleep . It was the biggest waste of money in my life . I just bought it today and am throwing it away today also.All this movie offers is an inaccurate portrait or teens , and the story of a group of moron teenagers who thinks its cool to be going around drinking , smoking , engaging in brutal fights with people and other acts of vandalism , having sex with girls between the age of 12 and 15 , and stealing from their parents.This was a huge waste of an hour and a half . I only gave this movie 1 star because amazon does n't allow me to give it 0 . If you are looking for a movie that offers the story of troubled teens , and is GOOD , Thirteen is the movie you wan na watch .
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Why would they direct a movie about N.Y.C. street kids doing bad stuff ? This movie just talks about kids who are wild as crazy . If you want to see a better movie that 's kind of like this go rent Hurricane Streets that movie was alot better than this trash .
 The sex , drugs , violence and constant marijuana usage did n't get to me . What got to me where the unbelievably annoying accents of white kids trying to be black . Not to mention the fact that Telly is a ratfaced wigger who thinks he 's a pimp.Check out that complection in the mirror before you bust out with ebonics , ya 'll .
 The movie was a low budget , badly scripted , filthy 90 minutes of kiddy porn . I 'm so glad that I checked the NO box on the sex education form at my daughter 's school and she was spared this movie . Maybe kids do go through this in a day , but I sure hope not . I would hope they would n't go through half that much in a lifetime . I 'm realistic , I know that it 's hard out there for teens-peer pressure , violence , rape and drugs and homosexuality abound . But this movie gave no hope or understanding , or strong underlining moral to grab hold of . The attempt at realism was overdone . The movie was a major downer with no punch at the end ... so they all had sex and died , the end . Sheesh , I 've seen better points made for not having sex with a condom . If they wanted to prove a point they should have shown the kid dying from the disease ... instead of how they got it . We all know how they got it .
 An aimless , depressing and unrelentingly dismal movie about the mindless and emotionless lives of a group of kids . The film lacks any redeeming virtues . Having a leg amputated would be more enjoyable than seeing this movie again !
 Tell me , what is so good about this movie ? Is it even a movie ? Anyway , the movie starts with Leo kissing some girl . Wow ! How shocking ! Two kids having underage sex . How shocking ! We see this type of stuff thoughout the movie
 What is the point of this movie ? To prove that there are really stupid teens living in the city with nothing more to do than talk about `` gettin ' some '' all day?The acting in this film is pretty good but that is where my praise stops . I found this film to be a repulsive steaming pile with no redeeming value.If I was Chloe Sevigny , or anyone else involved in the making of this film , I would be embarassed to have my name on it .
 I hate this DVD simply because it did n't work in any type of DVD player I tried to play it in . So could you please send me another one .
 This movie is boring , there is no script to it . It 's like the makers went out on the streets , and asked a bunch of kids to act like idiots while he tapes them .
 I have never seen this movie and never will . First of all , i ai n't aloud -LRB- I 'm 11 -RRB- . Second , based on other reviews this movie sounds so disturbing . kids as young as 10 smoking illegally , drinking , swearing , having sex , beating , and getting and delivering sexually transmitted diseases just AI N'T right ! i mean there are some things i do and ca n't stop because of habits -LRB- swearing -RRB- and it is not so bad but this kinda stuff is WRONG!there are some things i will encounter in my life that are wrong and i wo n't do like the kids in this movie that I 'm reading about in reviews . this movie is a true wake up call .
 I hated this movie . SO unrealistic . Sure , maybe there are some little freaks running around raping and drinking and beating . But I AM a teenager in a city . NOBODY acts like this!What the hell is the point of this movie ? To scare the crap out of parents?Also , the rape scene was vile . At first I respected the director for showing it and not shying away . A FULL MINUTE LATER , I started feeling awkward and uncomfortable . It was n't even artistic , it was just disgusting and truly disturbing .
 I would personally picket stores to stop carrying this movie . It is horrible in every sense of the word .
 Give me a break people . I 'm a 19 year old film student from Boston . I think I know good film when I see one . You people are confusing something great with something controversial . Just because something is in-your-face doesnt automatically make it good . Yes , some teens are violent . Yes , some teens have sex . Yes , some teens do drugs . I have done some of those things myself . But there is n't much realism to this story . I think Clark and Korine just made this as shocking as possible because they wanted to come off as hip , and they wanted attention . The cinematography is bad . The sound is bad . The editing is n't all that great either . The acting is so-so . I do n't think parents should see this with their children . Sure , it deals with important issues , especially safe sex . I applaud them for acknowleding important issues with kids . However , I think this movie exploits troubled kids in an effort to seem cutting edge . I noticed many 15 year olds that said `` we do this , this is a real movie , man ! '' No , you probably do n't do that . Not the way Clarke is suggesting . You people just got excited to see your age group doing shocking things not usually seen on film , like one reviewer said . This is a poor representation of the `` troubled '' kids in life . I am a city kid . I 've seen many bad things . I 've done my share of wild things , so I 've also seen people screw up their lives . But this was just ridiculous . I 'm sure SOME kids live this way , but this movie expolited the few that do , and made all party kids seem like stupid , callous monsters . Shame on them .
 I would love to explain how ridiculous this movie is . But if I described the scenes , this review would not be printed . This movie was advertised as potraying an `` Average '' group of teens . SO misleading . These kids are not any way near average . They are the lowest of the low . I am sure there must be some losers like them , but why advertise them as average ? Where i went to school , kids were looking for jobs . Kids were not all flunking out . Girls did not kiss each other casually on the lips . Boys do not comment to other boys about their mothers breasts , unless they were looking to get slugged . An average kid does not kick their pet across the room . Girls are not so naive as to fall for the BS this `` Telly '' gives them ... any girl would be able to see right through him . An average teen in the school was not as uncaring as he was . Sure kids are horny , but not cold hearted and sick . And my friends -LRB- who certainly are not Mary - Poppins personalitied -RRB- do not reveal in graphic detail about the sex life with their girlfriend . And one person in this movie , `` Casper '' made the most idiotic statement i have ever heard , saying he liked to have sex with men , and he wasnt gay , he just liked to do it `` for the hell of it '' . I am sorry , but these kids are not average . As i said before , i am sure there are kids like this , but they are not average kids . Maybe if they called this film `` Delinquents '' I would have a different perspective . Writer Harmony Korine wants to shock people , but he is no good at it . He takes shocking material and makes it into a movie that is not enjoyable . Korine is a John Waters wannabe , but does not succeed in making shocking films that are worth watching and are enjoyable . John Waters writes stuff that is shocking , but at the same time entertaining . Korine should visit Waters and get some tips . Korine did even worse with `` Gummo '' -- quite honestly one of the ten worst movies of all time . The only thing Korine has done that is worth watching is the Sonic Youth music video he directed `` Sunday '' with Macaulay Culkin . -LRB- Culkin can pretty much save almost anything -RRB- . One last word about `` Kids '' -- maybe i would have reccomended it if Telly got his just desserts at the end and a girl castrated him so he would not hurt any more girls . Lorenna Bobbitt did it , and this Telly deserved it more than anyone else . By the way something also I noticed , what girl would want to be with Telly ... He was ugly ! Totally ugly . Enough zits to play connect-the-dots on his body . This Leo Fitzpatrick is a horrible actor , and will get nowhere in my opinion . You want a respectable Leo who is going somewhere in Hollywood , try Mr. Dicaprio
 `` And all the vampires walking through the Valley/Move west down Ventura Boulevard . -- Tom Petty , `` Free Falling `` Move Tom Petty 's `` Free Falling '' from Los Angeles to New York and you get the movie `` Kids '' , an occasionally shocking but ultimately uninteresting look at a twenty-four hour period in the lives of the new Lost Generation , a glimpse of humans -LRB- only in the strict species sense -RRB- who have no ambitions or goals drifting aimlessly from one location to the next in search of satisfaction of their most basic animal needs.Leo Fitzpatrick plays Telly , an adolescent `` Decameron '' and self-described `` virgin surgeon '' whose whole life revolves around the deflowering of young girls . `` Take that away from me , '' he confides in one voice-over , `` and I really got nothing . '' He relates his latest conquest -LRB- brutally filmed in the movie 's opening -RRB- to his best friend Casper -LRB- Justin Pierce -RRB- , then , after shoplifting some beer and stopping by a flophouse crammed full of boys and drugs , he reveals his latest plan
 First off , this version is cut . I might be wrong with the numbers , but this DVD is 91 minutes long , while the complete film is 102 minutes long . So , there . Also , it 's non-anamorphic , and has no extras . This is the second DVD release of `` Kids , '' but so far the company has failed to release a great film in any kind of a deserving package.Here 's hoping for a Special Edition , with a commentary , anamorphic transfer , and everything else . Oh , and also the complete film .
 Hate to rain on the parade here -LRB- then again ... no I do n't ! I 'm lovin ' it ! -RRB- , but I 'm having trouble believing I saw the same film as the rest of these Amazon.com viewers . The only thing worse than the empty , bubbleheaded , `` cute '' films where `` hot '' WB stars cuss , screw , and pose for their fans are films like this ; films that foist a short-sighted , narrow-minded view on moviegoers . -LRB- Mind you , this is coming from a 18-year old h.s. graduate , inches away from college life . -RRB- This is the kind of hollow movie that is peddled to disenfranchised middle-class suburbanites and hypersensitive parent/teacher groups that attempts to make a moral and social statement about the despair and hopelessness of underprivileged youth in major urban centers , which is n't a bad thing by any means . However , the movie throws the most explicit of images at the viewer under the pretense of `` realism '' . Hey , I 'm all for shaking up the MPAA ; the rating system and censorship standards are a joke . Moreover , I do understand that the truth is not always beautiful . But parading a bunch of soulless , mumblemouthed , drugged-out sex machines in front of the camera is not art by any means , period.Now before my words are dismissed , allow me to make two points
 Many other people have commented on the content of `` Kids '' and I wo n't here . I was surprised that the VHS format was at EP -LRB- slow -RRB- speed -LRB- thus reducing the video quality -RRB- and the cellophane wraping seemed flimsy . I bought the copy from Amazon . Maybe I should have expected this because it was so inexpensive.I did not notice any defects in the actual video , however.Bill
 A great movie ?? I mean , get real ?? Have you seen the movie in theaters ? The words came out of the mouth about five seconds late . I agree that the subject is interesting and that the movie itself , the screenplay , is good . But the actors cant play . We dont understand what they `` say '' , or more exactly grumble . I 'm not saying Leo Di Carpaccio would have done better , just saying they should have given the Kids a few acting lessons before ...
 it good yeah , its got kids in it and sex and stuff and drugs and Hivvys . I liked it .
 This film is nowhere as shocking as critics made it out to be , and , in fact , is rather boring . It shows a lot of kids smoking , sleeping around , drinking , sleeping around some more , talking about sex , doing drugs , etc. , etc. . Most critics were in deep , deep shock that the children of American would actually indulge in this type of behaviour . I was n't . Teenagers do incredibly stupid things -LRB- mostly revolving around drugs -RRB- and seem to enjoy wasting time -LRB- all in the name of so-called rebellion -RRB- . This kind of stuff has been happening since time began , and while it may be more explicit nowadays , it 's still not that shocking . Perhaps critics think of America as the TV shows they saw in the 1950 's or something like that , some lame , completely unrealistic Norman Rockwell , My Three Sons type of America , which does n't exist and has never existed . I do n't really know . As for the film , I would have preferred Harmony Korine -LRB- the screenwriter of this film -RRB- to direct it . He has a much better sense of art and cinema than Larry Clark does . Larry Clark 's directorial style -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- is way too straightforward and really lacks in imagination . The only scene that I found haunting was the final one , when an aria is heard -LRB- or an operatic song -RRB- , and we see some beautiful camera work . It 's the only moment of poetry in the film , and it would n't have surprised me if Korine directed it himself , as there are similar scenes in Korine 's underrated julien donkey-boy . Clark and Korine would revisit this subject with the infamous , rarely screened Ken Park , and that film is supposed to be worse than this one . If you check Kids out once , that 's enough . You do n't really need to see it again .
 I agree ... this does happen all over the world ... there are kids out there who live and act like the very kids in this movie . But just because it is a reality does not mean that I have to like the movie , and I definitely do not . My friends and I did some crazy , stupid things in high school , but we did not behave this way . My goal as a parent is to raise my son in a caring , loving , yet disciplining environment where he can make his own decisions but understand the consequences of his own actions . Hopefully -LRB- without sounding naive -RRB- I can give my son the tools to make good decisions so he does not find himself in these same situations .
 In a way the purpose of this film is to shock . And it did . The cavalier and casual attitude toward sex and drugs is shocking enough on its own . However , the fact that the kids -LRB- yes , kids -RRB- indulging in these more decadent and dangerous things is positively sickening . I heard a lot about this movie for years , but I did not see it until recently . I feel sure that I would have been horrified by this film whether I had been a teenager or a mid-twenties -LRB- and sheltered -RRB- woman that I am today . The real tragedy is when a girl -LRB- Chloe Sevigny -RRB- discovers that she is HIV positive as a result of one sexual encounter with a guy , Telly , who has a reputation for going around and having sex with all the girls he can convince . And convince them he does , with smooth talking , lies and a lot of persuasion over the girls ' clear reluctance . Sevigny 's character is the most likeable as the innocent whose life comes apart at its fragile seams when she accompanies a much more promiscuous friend to a clinic to be tested . Sevigny is tested only as a favour to the friend . Her friend is HIV negative . Sevigny then wanders through the city to confront Telly , who is , as the film progresses , deflowering yet another young girl . When Sevigny finally locates him at a party in the midst of having sex with his latest conquest , she passes out and another friend rapes her while she is unconscious , having no idea what he is getting himself into . Overall this film is just ... shocking and horrifying . I do n't even have the adjectives to describe how affecting this film is . I wish it were not so disturbing and so nonchalant . What can be said for the film , though , is that it told the story through the eyes of the kids and did not attempt to moralise , which will allow the audience to make up their own minds .
 This pointless shockfest rubs the viewers face in every kind of ugliness to no real point . I was offended that the arty soundtrack and editing tried to make this dog look like a sophisticated film . It only made me want to take a shower . Get a real movie about disturbed teens like River 's Edge , but do n't waste your time on this trash .
 Another gritty and realistic film from the director of `` Gummo '' and `` Bully , '' `` Kids '' starts where `` Gummo '' left off and further explores the nihilistic lives of modern urban adolescents who are desperately seeking to find a purpose in lives that are dominated by neglectful parents , broken homes , dysfunctional families , and the dehumanizing brutality of urban existence . `` Kids '' presents in all its ugliness the degeneration of our society and the way our teenagers attempt to deal with it through the use of drugs and promiscuous and meaningless sex.Although `` Kids '' is presented as realistically as possible it lacked the weirdness that made `` Gummo '' a great movie . `` Kids '' was also supposed to contain scenes of profound violence and brutality when the only scene that was violent was when a black kid got pummeled by a group of kids . Hardly shocking and hardly worth watching again , `` Kids '' falls short of my expections .
 This movie shows an inaccurate portral of teenagers . Not many teenages act like the kids do in this movie . At least not were i live . This movie makes all teenagers look bad !!! A very small portion of teenages are actually like this . Ok , i can say that maybe it 's kinda like this in large cities like New York . It 's not anything like this where or anywhere close to where i live .
 This movie is over the top if you live in suburbia . This is an extreme inner-city showing of nasty sex and illegal drug use . Explicit scenes that are very graphic . This movie is actually deplorable . When I viewed the movie , I was shocked and disgusted with what I saw and to think that I actually purchased this online because my son asked for it . It is a lesson in showing your kids how to have dirty sex , do drugs , and totally disrespect women . It does n't have any respect for a relationship like you would want you kids to learn to have . My son was inviting his friends over while I was at work so they could sit around and watch this . This movie will show your kids the wrong way to enjoy each others company and have a relationship.Don ' t buy it unless you do n't care anything about your teens and the examples that they see . This movie is trash . I threw it out . The part about the HIV was an excuse to make a move to subject `` kids '' to some really nasty stuff . And the title `` kids '' ? This is NOT for `` kids '' at all . Actually , it should n't be for anyone . BAD BAD BAD
 WHY does this movie get such high reviews . You people are too generous . This movie sucked . I would have loved reading this as a short story but as a movie come on . All it does is GLORIFY sex drugs and violence . Thats all well and good . Just stop pretending this is groundbreaking stuff to think about after its over . Are you thinking of showing this movie to YOUR kids ? Is that why you are reading these reviews ? If so , you care about your children 100x more than the parents of the characters in this movie ever would ... so dont be worried . See what I 'm saying ? This movie sucks , the acting sucks , the cinematography sucks , it all suck suck sucks ramma lamma ding dong hey .
 When I saw this movie i thought that it will be good but its bad.I do get the plot of this film but the sound and picture is no good .
 I bought the soundtrack to this film , and believe me , you 're better off doing just that and avoiding the film altogether.Jesus , people were up in arms about `` Rebel Without A Cause '' when it first came out-I loved that movie , but turned off `` Kids '' right in the scene where Casper is raping Jennie ! I just could n't take it!Like one reviewer said , I am soooo blessed this was not my reality as a teen , but I know so many of my counterparts growing up were n't so lucky . That 's where having hard-as-nails parents and personal moral values come in !
 People who claim they `` loved '' this gratuitous violence and debauchery-filled movie need to get a life and learn what a great movie is . There is nothing redeeming or `` important '' about this movie . It 's just ugly .
 This movie is very interesting because it shows the garbage of society and how the teenagers are thinking that doing bad things like using drugs , beatting people or making sex with virgin womens are the coolest things in this world.Here are my opinions : Good things :1 - A very WELL-MADE storyline .2 - Perfect acting -LRB- it deserve the Oscar -RRB- 3 - Good cinematoghraphic for a `` indi '' film .4 - Cool music.Bad things :1 - EXTREMLY disgusting conversations .2 - Little kids smoking grass .3 - It doens ' t have a clear message against the drugs like in Requiem for a Dream .4 - The movie says that using drugs is a very cool and funny thing to do , it also says that no matter the consencuenses of making sex without protection is still a cool thing because is the way to be more `` MACHO '' .5 - Dissappointing and incomplete ending.Note
 Look , I 'm not from any big city . My home town has its share of problems but I 'm sure that where I grew up is n't really a glimmer of inner city life . Watching this movie was truly disturbing , but I tried to get passed that to see what the point was because I dont want to be one of those people who judge from the outside of a work to ignore the core . Despite this I found absolutely no use in the making of this movie . I 've already seen people living this lifestyle , and I dont think there needed to be a movie about it . There is almost no humanization to the characters except Miss. . Sevigny . The film is completely aimless and borderlines on pornography . I dont think that shocking and disturbing us is the way to get us to change things in the lives of youth . Fear is the only thing we create , because most of us are just as ignorant as the youths depicted in this film . I will say that the film hit close to home to my high school days , even if it was a bit more severe . Thats precisely why I gave mercy with two stars . But overall I think the end result in the production of this film is this . We have given something to the parents out there to become even more paranoid and blind , and we 've given legal material to all the pedophiles to `` entertain '' temselves with . If you catch my drift .
 Ive always said that I have yet to see a horror film as scary as real life . This film shows a documentary , brutal and hard look at real life for teens . This horrific look at life film deals with drug abuse , sex , aids and some violent aspects such as a scene where a gang of lads beat up a skateboarder in Central Park . All the characters are unlikable and the movie makes you feel empty and sad , as this stuff really happens in life . In particular theres a scene where a group of boys on a couch are all sharing a joint of weed and the boys only look about 12 . Be cautious when watching this film is you are easily shocked or offended . As a teen I found it sick and unjustifying . But it deserves credit for delivering controvery to film .
 An artistic but exploitative depiction of a fringe element of loser teenagers . It seems to me that a majority of the favorable reviews here are from teens . For those of you -LRB- most , I 'm sure -RRB- who never have behaved or will behave like the actors in `` kids '' , realize you 're impressed by seeing your generation perform in such a graphic manner for the first time on film . Do n't be naive enough to believe that this somehow reflects the filmmakers ' empathy for teens of the 90 's . It merely shows that they have succeeded in their aim of producing a hip film full of graphic sex that teens will talk about , and of course , spend lots of money to see . To speak so highly of this film and to make such unbelievably ludicrous comments such as `` the best movie I have ever seen '' betrays either an inherent and pathetic deficiency in appreciation of cinema , or a severely limited exposure to quality films . For those of you who can honestly say that the behavior of the teens in this film mimics your own , may God help you .
 The casing of the video was good but the actual film was horrible . I could n't even watch it . I felt like i wasted my money on a blank VHS tape . There was nothing to watch . The film had nothing but sound , which cut out every 5 seconds , and the picture was almost completely erased . NOT SATISFIED AT ALL .
 Just a bunch of low life loser characters , pg rated non-nudity , only of interest if you 're into dark psychology which of course it 's clear this is .
 I watched this film with some at-risk teenagers and probably the funniest comment I heard was , `` They made this movie like a documentary because the rest of it is so fake . '' When I first saw it , I was like other people who think that this is an artistic reflection of real life . I grew up with kids who used drugs and sex for recreation , and I imagined that things had gotten worse since I left my teens.Then I listened to the comments of teens who have lived in crackhouses , who have been shot at , who were raised by folks who traded their bodies for drugs or cash - and THEY 'RE saying this movie is unrealistic.Telly , with his multitude of willing virgins , is more a dark fantasy of a teenage player than a real teen - rather like `` Reefer Madness , '' which had more to do with middle-class America 's fear of marijuana than actual drug use . I wonder if this film will seem as dated in a few more decades as `` message '' films from the '60s and '70s .
 One day , my generation is going to get fed up with seeing themselves presented in films like this . `` Kids '' is the most frustrating film I 've seen , and it 's not because of the content . My frustration lies in the one-sided , asinine approach that Larry Clark used when filming this . Moreover , the movie has a lack of consciousness , and its the lack of a voice of reason that makes it all the more hard to stomach.This is not `` educational '' , `` a masterpiece '' , `` a wake-up call to the world '' , `` a portrait of adolescent angst '' , or even `` one of the best movies ever made . '' Those of you who say it really shows what it 's like to be a teen are bullshi + + ing ; if you lived a life of debauchery and hedonism as shown in the film , it 's highly unlikely that you would have the mental capacity to connect to amazon.com and share your thoughts . I 've known people that grew up in NYC , from South Bronx to Crown Heights to Mount Vernon
 I feel dumber after watching this film . I think it is one of the worst ever . I did n't want to spend my time watching a bunch of kids with speech impediments have sex like rabbits .
 Where to begin ? This movie is an overrated load of nonsense living off nothing but hype . Conventional , boring , and unrealistic . Why ? Let 's tick off the reasons.Conventional -- Wow , teenage nihilism . Like we have n't seen this before . Is there anyone under the age of 80 who 's really shocked to find out that teenagers are having sex and taking drugs ? This stuff has been going on since the Beatniks in the 1950s . `` Kids '' presents nothing particularly disturbing compared to earlier movies , like `` West Side Story '' -LSB- What does it say that a 50 's musical has almost as much edge as this movie ? -RSB- , `` Clockwork Orange '' , `` Colors '' , and `` Menace 2 Society '' . The worst violence here is a brief , gang-style beating of another kid . Hey , go rent `` Children of the Corn '' , made ten years earlier , and watch 13-year-old kids slitting people 's throats.Boring -- The `` plot '' about Jennie trying to find Telly consists of almost nothing but Jennie wandering around saying `` I need to find Telly '' over and over again . In-between , we 're treated to painfully-long , pointless , and mind-numbing `` dialogue '' that literally goes nowhere . I understand that this is supposed to be the point , but why do we have to watch 90 minutes of it ? I got the message after about five.Unrealistic -- `` Kids '' does not have a single drop of racial tension . I was in high school only a couple of years before this movie was made , and admittedly I did n't live in New York , but in San Diego at least , among the young , dumb , and violent , things were generally divided along racial lines . There was more mixing than in our parents ' generation , yes , but still not a whole lot . `` Kids '' is supposedly a gritty and unflinching view of youth , and at the same time it tries to pretend that teenagers are living in some wonderful color-blind utopia . I half-expected the cast to start skipping down the street singing `` It 's A Small World After All '' . If it 's any sort of plus , I agree with the reviewer who said that this movie might be good for high school sex-education classes . It IS better than the usual educational movie , slightly . For everyone else , you 'll never get back the ninety minutes of life you wasted watching this movie . Do n't say you were n't warned .
 I was bored , amazed and shocked by this movie . I was amazed that this was shown ... . and sad at the listlessness in these young people 's lives ... and at the fact that these kids had nothing doing in their lives . I was laughing at the comparisons of the boys and girls talking . I was shocked at the callousness and indulgency of the rape scene . It still leaves me with anger . What this showed was the lack of respect for women and also every woman 's fear of being raped while in such a vunerable space . It was amazing to see the beginnings of such addictive behavior and obvious at the lack of personal time and care in their homes . A very raw movie .
 The main character looks and talks exactly like Mcluvin from Super Bad except more ghetto . The movie was just a bunch of kids -LRB- mostly white -RRB- living in a ghettoish area and doing alot of drugs and drinking . There are few things more annoying than white kids acting ghetto .
 People are forgetting how to make memorable films without having to shock people to get it noticed . There are a bunch of kids , wearing droopy jeans , with their undies hangin out , who do drugs and have sex . Full of annoying slang and even worse fashion . It was too `` directed '' and wooden . If I hear `` peace out '' one more time my head will explode ... It was like watching one of those boot camp episodes on `` Sally '' Jesse Raphael . .
 Well , here 's the thing , it IS the sad truth that there are some kids out there who really think like the ones in this film . It does however depend on the school and on the other kids they hang out with . My personal thought is that i can not imagine what must be going through these kids minds . Do they think this is okay ? Are they deranged ? Whatever it is , I could never be like them .
 I watched this movie when I was in high school . I hated every last minute of it , as did everyone I watched it with . The person who insisted we rent it apologized profusely . Spending two hours watching a movie about the type of person I was glad to see wind up in juvie was about as rewarding and worthwhile as shooting myself in the leg with a nail gun .
 The only thing that could have made this movie better is Robin Williams . I expected a `` wonderfully funny , bright and cheery '' -LRB- the New York Times -RRB- cameo performance by the Great Hairy Comedian , but instead I just got a bunch of kids talking about sex . Big deal , I can get that walking into Soho .
 This is one of the worst films I have ever seen , hands down . Everyone who likes it always say `` It is realistic , this movie needed to be made . '' It may seem realistic -LRB- I 'm 20 , and i know the bad stuff kids can do -RRB- , but not all Kids are like that . It plays like a really bad documentary . All that happens is a Kid with AIDS has sex , smokes some marijuana , has more sex , participates in violence , and then has more sex . THAT IS THE MOVIE . So , why did it have to be made , to inform parents about bad kids ? Hardly . The director of this movie obviously has no experience in filmmaking -LRB- maybe he used a shaky camera at a party or something -RRB- . Funny thing is , that 's all this piece of garbage is , a shaky camera following stupid kids around . I hope you find this review helpful , but I 'm guessing most people wo n't just because they like the movie , and they do n't welcome my opinion.There is one good thing about this movie , if you are a teenager , you now know what NOT to do . If you are a filmmaker , you now know what NOT to do . I guess I know why this was made , to set a reference standard on the low end of filmmaking .
 This movie is not recommended for the average American . While it does portray the lives of what some adolescents face in today 's world , the movie shows it in way to much detail , as well as explicit acts . Fitzpatrick is barely literate , meaning he has no education whatsoever , so why put a loser who swears into a movie ? I saw only 10 minutes of this film , and those 10 minutes made my rough life more miserable . This movie brought my fears to me . Not recommended for the average American .
 Kids choses a tender subject to talk about
 On one level this movie was extremely realistic ; an almost docu-drama of Brooklyn life and death.And as a piece of film-making very good and very believable . But on an old-fashioned level where characters draw our sympathies through their daily conflicts this was horrible . There were no redeeming qualities at all especially the guys.I felt on one level we were almost better off to have these kids eventually get AIDS .
 This movie was a total waste of time . It 's no wonder people have such bad attitudes towards teenagers , with myths such as this one prevailing . I ca n't believe any teacher or parent would want a young person to watch it . In fact , the school that showed that movie to its students should be shut down . It only gives people bad ideas .
 You have to have an affinity for what is most loathsome in human nature to appreciate the unrelenting vileness and a-morality celebrated in this movie . Okay , whether it is actually celebrated is , of course , arguable . However , this movie does nothing more than show us sordidness after sordidness
 I ca n't imagine why anyone would praise this film . Okay maybe it is a reality check for our society , but so what ?? It 's a horribly acted , horribly scripted , uncreative , unoriginal and VERY exploitive film . The mere fact that it accurately depicts the lowest form of young degenerates in American society does n't by itself make this a good film . Any idiot can film a bunch of teens having sex , getting intoxicated , beating up and raping people . But the film does n't go beyond these depictions . it does n't offer any solutions or explore the root causes of such behavior . And how many times do we need to be shown teens having sex or being raped to get the message ? One time was shocking enough to be educational . Three or four times turns it into simple exploitation . This is little more than glorified child pornography .
 While this movie brings to light some important social issues , it never goes deep enough and certainly offers no solutions . KIDS wants to shock us by showing underage sex and drug use , yet does little more . Where is the writer going with this ? Does he simply want us to be a voyeur to the troubled teens in this film ? I first saw this movie when I was 15 and I thought it was completely over-hyped and your average teenager is not acting the way those in the movie do . Today I feel the same way . It 's an unrealistic portrayal that does n't go beneath the surface to explore the character 's intentions .
 keep this short and sweet the telly actor is the worst actor in the wrold.I seen bad actors in my life but telly is like some kid you will beatup everyday.And the plot relly sucked , if i made this movie this is what i would have done.Convertation about the hiv , with jenny and telly . telly feels guilty , and kills him shelf for the pain he inflicted on the girls.And could be more than a wake up call to kids for all the pain you put poeple through and your shelf . And if poeple think this his the best movie way because thires a wake up call this movie never chanched me because the plot was relly bad .
 This is low grade , boring , exploitative rubbish . Only shocking to the thoroughly naive . It 's high rating is a testament to the gullibility of the general public .
 anybody that would say this movie is groundbreaking must have spent thier childhood in a closet . Like people dont know this kind of stuff is happening . I 'm still young and was doing all that crap 4 years ago -LRB- not getting aids in the process but being afraid of it -RRB- . Most parents that watch this and say oh my lord probaly did the same thing to . But now they have kids and just dont like to think of them or thier kids doing it . Well save your time and money , skip this movie , and just assume your kids do drugs and your 14 year old duaghter was devirginized while you were at work .
 This is by far the worst movie I have ever watched . Perhaps it is realistic if you live in inner city New York , or Chicago , but the majority of the world does not live like this . And there are very few teenagers that have the maturity to watch this and not think it 's `` cool '' to do these things . This movie was all about shock value . And it looks like it served its purpose .
 Although many would try to press upon you the idea that this is a revelation of a film , many films that even go as far as silent era have depicted children who delve into such darkness . Taxi Driver being the movie obvious.Although the acting is very realistic for one dimentional characters , the story moves at a very slow pace . The movie is poorly written and there seems to be no real structure . Stuff just seems to happen , there 's no real development or progression of a theme . It 's just 91 minutes of doing random `` shocking '' activities . The violence is quite tame , and besides the fact that these characters are children , there 's nothing very disturbing about their acts in that they have all been preformed hundreds of times on the screen . Robocop 2 had a much more interesting dynamic child character who was a major player in the underground world . If you had tagged on only a couple of years to the characters , this would be considered a waste of time . A good film should n't rely on a single detail to make a point.If you 're oblivious to the real world this film may come as a shock , but for most people it 's pretty much common knowledge that under age kids will perform illegal acts . I found nothing shocking or surprising in the film . I think the only good feature of the film was that it did n't try to shove some message down your throat , but it was clearly trying to make a statement . I just think they were n't quite clever enough to interweave it with an interesting story .
 DO NOT BUY THIS . It is an insult to the human race
 This was a very big letdown . With all the controversy surrounding it , I was curious to see what it was like.It was attempting to use the shock value of showing all the adolecent stereotypes in order to give some sort of cautionary tale of todays youth , in the end though it does n't really work.They take a large number of stories of delinquent kids and follow them around for the day . One of them has a thing for deflowering virgins , what he does n't know is that he has AIDS as he goes on to his next conquest . His friends wander around the town , skate , steal alcohol , get into fights , and try to get laid as much as possible.Two problems that I had with this movie . Even though it was using graphic language and more graphic scenes than most movies , it just wa n't that shocking or interesting.I think that might be due to experiencing a lot of the stories in High School . The guy that has to go around and get laid as much as possible , or a guy that likes to deflower young women . The group of kids that wanders around shoplifting and partying whenever they get the chance . etc. ... Second of all , none of the actors had an ounce of charisma . The main character not only came off as extremely stupid , but ugly as well . Being neither suave or good looking it is hard to believe that he would be so talented at his hobby . The fact that he talks like he has either a head injury , suffers developmental problems , or is addicted to qualudes makes it even harder to fathom.His friends suffer from the same problems ; dull , poorly acted , unrealistic , etc. ... This is a movie that tries very hard to shock , too hard . I think this is what destroys the plot which could have been interesting . But I think it also suffers from the problem of been there done that . We have seen movies that are tales of what kids are capable of for years ; Blackboard Jungle , Class of 1984 , Bad Boys , A Clockwork Orange , etc. ... . So this is old territory , and he might be able to get a new spin off of it , but would n't delve into new grounds.All that said , do n't expect much that you have n't seen in another movie . Maybe not all together , but nothin new .
 I am not talking about the plot , I am not talking about the acting . This movie is UTTERLY disgusting ! I do n't understand how a person with a normal level of intelligence can observe the badly played out scenes from the life of totally degraded low lives with no moral values whatsoever . And those lowlives are presented in a somewhat positive , sympathetic manner ... -LRB- ???!!! -RRB- This is probably the worst movie I 've ever seen in my life !
 ALL I CAN SAY IS IT WAS TOTAL BULL SH*T I MEAN WHO WANTS TO WATCH A UNREAL MOVIE WITH SEX DRUGS AND MORE SEX LETS GET A HOLD OF OURSELVES HERE PARENTS WATCH OUT KEEP THIS GARBAGE AWAY FROM YOUR CHILDREN !!!
 My daughter was supposed to watch this for a college group project . Neither she nor her peers were comfortable watching it . I viewed it at a later time.This supposedly `` wonderfully insightful film '' glorifies the main characters who goals are to deflower as many young virgins as he can . -LRB- It turns out that he is not only sharing his sperm , but the HIV virus too . All the sex in unprotected sex . -RRB- This is shown in graphic detail w / 2 long sessions of him talking the girl into sex and the showing the act of sexual intercourse , in graphic thumping detail . In one case the girl is crying for him to stop because it hurts so badly and he ignores her.The characters drink , drug , steal and commit a gang style beating of an innocent man in the park . Later they jokingly wonder if they killed him . The characters party until the pass out , puke or both.Towards the end of the movie , one of the main characters rapes his unconscious `` friend '' who had some drugs forced on her by another `` friend . `` She literally flops around like a rag doll as he does his `` business . '' This scene was way too long and painful to even watch.I do n't think this film is an insight into anything . I think it was done for pure shock value . Yes , I believe these things can happen . The drugs , drinking , wild parties , illicit sex , but not all w / one group of deviant amorale teens -- who also encourage pre-teens to smoke dope and party too.This may seem extremely harsh , but I think a viewer/buyer should know as much as they can about content , before purchase , as possible.After writing the original review , I have heard a couple parents remark that they thought it was appropriate for their kids to see , if only for the shock value of it.I guess my final thought would be , if you think you want your kids to see this movie , watch it by yourself first .
 well I bought this because a friend said it was a very sick movie sick being a horrible movie so I bought it lol . Anyway its something you watch once and are like wow im nver watching this again . The seller shipped very fast on the positive side
 DVD arrived very quick delivery but does not work , trying to get an address to return it and get a replacement is proving a most difficult one to crack.Very dissapointed . Jim Kinghan .
 This is not an altogether bad movie it just almost is . I would n't buy it again . Probably the worst part is the directing and camera work .
 This movie is only good for the sex scene with the hot young guy . I wish I knew what his name was . I liked his line `` oh , boy '' . He has a great face and body , his acting needs a lot of work though . Just to let you know I am a straight teen boy ...
 this movie is terrible . charectors are weak and the plot just plains sucks on white bread . if anything , you should see 100 girls . I dont think this movie should have even been made .
 Following Kari Wuhrer 's last two flicks , I was eagerly awaiting the release of Poison . Unfortunately , I was dissappointed both by the plot and her flat acting.Essentially , Poison is a redux of Shannon Tweed 's 1996 , Scorned . In her role as the wife-bent-on revenge , Tweed exuded passion , eroticism and an evil thirst that made this movie a classic . Wuhrer , with her sexy look and bedroom eyes would be my pick to reprise the Tweed role except the story held little of the sexual tension that made the original burn.Jay Andrews , the director of Poison essentially wasted the talents of this young beauty , by not giving her the direction she obviously needed to make this role work . For example , the relationship between the family 's sexy daughter and Kari is never given the opportunity to explode . Instead , it 's treated like a G-movie -- C'mon already , this is a woman bent on revenge and destruction . Even her relationship with the wife was never given an opportunity to blossom like in the original.If your looking for eroticism at its finest , watch Scorned -LRB- the unrated version is HOT -RRB- . And unless you absolutely ca n't get enough of Kari Wuhrer , pass this one by.I just hope someone gives Miss Wuhrer an opportunity to shine in the same way that Shannon Whirry , and Shannon Tweed have over the years . She 's hotter than both and a better actor to boot .
 Someone once said that there are only five or six real stories and writers have just been recycling them for the past 10,000 years . Exhibit A
 crap movie ` gjhh g g g g g g g g g gg g g g g g gg uih u
 PLOT
 Ring of Darkness -LRB- David DeCoteau , 2004 -RRB- Former porn director David DeCoteau , whose most notable mainstream flicks have been the Puppet Master franchise -LRB- he directed 3 , 4 , and 5 , the last two under assumed names -RRB- , takes an absolutely brilliant idea and makes an incredibly stupid movie out of it . Now , to be somewhat fair , not only is it a made-for-TV shlockfest , but one that certainly did n't have the budget of a Danielle Steel miniseries -LRB- IMDB estimates the film 's budget at three-quarters of a million dollars -RRB- . Still , it would be hard for this movie to be worse than it actually turned out ; about the only thing that saves it is its premise and the fact that DeCoteau took nothing seriously.We open with Gordo -LRB- Club Dread 's Greg Cipes -RRB- fleeing from a mansion . Just as he gets to the beach and seems as if he 's going to get away , he 's cornered by four dark shapes . Cut to an announcement that boy band Take Ten are auditioning for a new lead singer . -LRB- I 'm sure you can draw the proper conclusion . -RRB- After a round of auditions , during which you 're liable to get as sick of the catchy little tune they play just as much as you did any nineties boy band hit , the four remaining members of the band choose three possible replacements for Gordo -- Shawn -LRB- Guiding Light actor Coltin Scott -RRB- , Jonah -LRB- DeCoteau staple Jeff Peterson -RRB- , and Xavier -LRB- Baywatch 's Jeremy Jackson -RRB- , who are all flown , with Xavier 's girlfriend Stacy -LRB- American Idol finalist Ryan Starr , whom you will be pleased to know does not sing at any point in the film -RRB- , to the band 's island mansion . Which , of course , looks very familiar . As the three continue the auditions in a slightly more stressful situation , weird things start happening ... With all the young-and-beautiful male skin on display , you 're likely to think you 're watching a Victor Salva flick . However , comparisons with the superior Salva end there ; DeCoteau directs as if Ring of Darkness -LRB- the title , by the way , has absolutely nothing to do with the movie itself -RRB- were his first film , not his fifty-second . I have n't seen this much obvious shot repetition in a movie since Night of the Lepus . The acting is atrocious , as one would expect from folks who cut their teeth in T&A - fests ; -LRB- the two notable exceptions to this are Adrienne Barbeau , who plays the band 's manager , and Coltin Scott -RRB- , the script is bad even for a horror-flick parody , and the whole thing is just on the right side of unwatchable to keep you glued to the screen.Or maybe you just want to watch a boy band get theirs . I know that was my motivation . *
 You have to listen to boy band music for almost the entire movie ! Frankly , I ca n't imagine anything more horrifying . It made me flashback to my much younger sister 's infatuation with New Kids on the Block.I 'll need my teddy bear to get to sleep tonight.I 've seen a couple of other DeCoteau films -LRB- Witches of the Caribbean and The Sisterhood -RRB- and both were much better than this .
 If you 've ever seen a David DeCouteau movie -LRB- Brotherood , Leeches , Werewolves of New York -RRB- you know what to expect
 I think this may have grazed my top ten list of bad horror movies -LRB- it is right up there with movies like `` half-caste '' -RRB- . This just redefined the word bad . It is defecation . The best way to describe this is to imagine an episode of the power rangers meeting an MTV boy band video
 A real time waster . Not even decent underwear scenes for those who buy these things for that .
 Director David DeCoteau hits it big with this one , casting three `` stars '' to his usual unknown cast
 Those of you who remember Ryan Starr from American Idol know why she quickly became `` has been '' material for VH1 's the Surreal Life . Ryan Starr also happens to be the worst actress I have ever watched on film , television and or commercials . The director must have agreed with me becaue there are very few shots of Ryan that last more than 10 seconds at a time . Her dialogue is kept short and simple , and when she does have more than 3 lines at once , the complete lack of feeling , expression & emotion in her voice makes you consider turning off the movie and doing something worthwhile , like cleaning out the fridge or picking at your hang-nails . That is all I can say , I would really like to put this movie behind me and never speak of it again .
 Where to begin with yet another David DeCoteau homoerotic piece of junk . Oh I guess it will appeal to some men and women who like seeing pretty boys in their undies dancing and singing poorly . Take Ten -LRB- why 10 since there are only 5 members -RRB- is a boy band modeled after N-Sync or the Backstreet Boys . Thier singer dies of a drug overdose and the band has to find a new front man . The truth is that their lead singer Gordo found out the `` sinister '' truth about the band and threatens to tell and is killed.The band is managed by Alex played by Adrienne Barbeau who has proven she can still act by her performances in `` Carnivale '' and yet continues to do these cheap less than B grade horrors . Three possible new candidates are taken to the mysterious island where the band lives and two are promptly done aways with leaving Shawn -LRB- Coltin Scott -RRB- who is joined by his girlfriend Stacy , played by American Idol 's Ryan Starr . Alex takes a liking to Shawn and he is soon sent off to a bizarre initiation as the group 's new member leaving Stacy to have to rescue him.The premise itself is n't so terribly bad and it 's always fun to see `` boy band '' types get their come-uppance . But this is just executed so poorly from a bad script to terrible performances except for Barbeau who is at least a pro . And who decided to put Starr into a film in the first place ? As an actor she makes a great singer and she should stick to that .
 THIS FILM IS THE BIGGEST TURD THAT NO TOILET COULD HANDLE.TERRIBLE ACTING AND THAT BEING KIND NO SCRIPT TO SPEAK OF.WHO DIRECTED THIS CRAPOLA MUST HAVE A THING FOR HOMO EROTIC.ALOT OF THIS MOVIE TAKE PLACE OF THE BEACH I 'M CONVINCE THAT SCRIPT GOT SWEPT OUT TO SEA.WHOEVER CALLED THIS A HORROR FILM NEED COUNSELING THERE NO GORE EXCEPT FOR RASPBERRY JAM THAT SUPPOSE TO BE BLOOD BUT THE WAY THE GUYS LICKING IT LOOK LIKE SMUCKERS TO ME.EVERYONE INVOLVED IN THIS MOVIE SHOULD CONSIDER OTHER CAREERS.PRONTO
 One star is being generous , this is probably the worst film I have ever seen , and I 've seen some pretty bad ones . I like B horror movies but this was WAY below that . It actually played out more like a gay porno movie than anything else with the blood ritual in black briefs ? IF the movie were going for $ 4.99 I 'd consider sending it to my cousin as a joke who loves zombie movies . But these were n't even zombies , they had grey makeup and looked kind of like the guys from V , the old movie/TV Show , but they did n't even have scales ! It was just grey makeup ! Do yourself a favor and run , do n't walk , away from this film ! Cooking with Porn stars was a better buy than this would be , and that movie was REALLY bad . I do n't know who thought to sell it for $ 24 , discounted to $ 22 , but if they sell one at that price , it should just about cover the budget for the film with those `` special '' effects of the burnt zombies which were really piles of sand from down the beach on the same set .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE STUPIDEST , SILLY , TOTALLY MISDIRECTED MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN . I HAVE ALWAYS LOVED `` DISASTERS IN NATURE MOVIES '' . I WAS NOT DISAPOINTED . THIS WAS TRULY A HORRIFIC CATASTROPHE . THE BEST PART OF THE MOVIE WAS ... WAS ... . WAS ... I AM GETTING THERE ... . THE STORY HAD NO MEANING . ADRIENNE BARBEAU SHOULD SELL RAFFLE TICKETS THE NEXT TIME SHE NEEDS MONEY . HER TALENTS WERE TOTALLY WASTED . HERS WAS THE ONLY TALENTS BEING WASTED ; NO ONE ELSE IN THE MOVIE HAD ANY . THIS DVD ALSO WILL DO NOTHING FOR THE ENVIRONMENT , AS IT IS GOING STRAIGHT INTO THE GARBAGE . IF RYAN STARR WANTS AN OSCAR SHE 'D BETTER START BY ASKING HIM OUT ON A DATE , BECAUSE JULIA ROBERTS AND HALLE BERRY HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT ANYTIME SOON . SHE DOES HAVE POTENTIAL THOUGH . THERE WAS NOTHING UNIQUE ABOUT THE BAND MEMBERS . THERE WAS NO REASON FOR THEIR ACTIONS . I CAN HONESTLY SAY THE SAME THING ABOUT THE PRODUCER AND DIRECTOR OF THIS SEWAGE ON SCREEN .
 ryan starr was in american idol 1 but she lost i think she lost here to she cant act for nothing this movie is so boring no point to it a BOY GROUP ho eat pepole wow real scary not
 I was watching Cinemax one night , bored out of my mind and unable to sleep , when this movie came on . The acting made me laugh . The premise made me laugh . Everything about it made me laugh . Hey , at least it was fun to make fun of anyway . Just kinda mad that I wasted a good 80 minutes on this piece of crap .
 DONT watch this movie the only reason you should watch this movie is to see how bad it is they shoulda called it backstreet boys from hell even the cheesiest horror movies seem amazing compared to this its a true waste of time
 i want to see how they make love to each other with her chinese partne
 After having loved Disney 's first adaptation of Margery Sharp 's The Rescuers series , The Rescuers from 1977 , I decided to give a try to one of their many unnecessary , badly done sequels . Well , I was n't disappointed because I was n't expecting nothing more than pure garbage and that is what I got.The makers of this film obviously watched the first movie , since the whole plot manages to completely rip-off the original 's touching dramatic plot and somehow turn it into tasteless , bland , cheap comedy at the same time not managing to capture a single element from Margery Sharp 's books , which the first film had done so beautifully.Not only that , but the story is unrealistic and uninteresting , too many corners are cut and it bugs me that it does n't even bother to keep on the same style as the first film -LRB- Which was attempted in 101 Dalmatians II - Patch 's London Adventure -RRB- , the ending leaves lose-ends all over the place , a couple of caged animals are left there to rot despite helping the boring `` hero '' boy and saving his life , but either way , these lose ends do n't even bother me because I cared so little about the story and characters here that what happens to them in the end matters to me not . The thing that bothered me the most was how the film had Bernard and Miss Bianca engaged in the end , I was like WHAT ?! That 's a bucket of cold water and a knife stabbed onto Margery Sharp 's heart ! She never would have allowed that to happen in her stories . Absolutely sickening.There 's many other flaws with the film besides the boring , copied story , the tasteless comedy and the empty characters , but the bottom line is , stick to Margery Sharp 's books and Disney 's 1977 film , avoid this at all costs .
 Obviously , the only reason Disney had for making this movie was to test their newly created CAPS animation system , because other than a few impressive uses of that , this forgettable sequel has nothing more to offer . While The Rescuers remains one of the studios most beloved animated , this one simply falls way back being one of the most uninteresting and bland Disney releases of all time .
 This Disney sequel , `` inspired by characters created by Margery Sharp '' totally rips the appeal of the original novels and the original Disney animated classic . This sequel hardly captures Sharp 's world , it only offers the same title characters but those have become probably the most boring characters in the film . The whole thing has turned into a modern day `` adventure . '' I really do n't have much to say about the plot other than it seems to me as a remake of the first film.Even though the first film twisted Sharp 's world a lot , it was still a fine piece of beautiful animation and smart storytelling . This sequel has nothing especial and has no heart . Skip it . There are better films out there . Too bad for Bernard and Bianca , though ... Disney has once again managed to ruin a classic with a dumb sequel ! Shame on you !
 I 'm sorry . But The Rescuers Down Under can hardly be called a sequel and even less a Disney `` classic . '' While the original is one of my personal favorites -LRB- One that deserves to be on top -RRB- , the sequel was simply disappointing , it did n't have that air that the first one had . Characters looked weird and those few that were from the original , looked even more weird since they looked nothing like in the first.There are no songs , -LRB- Obviously Disney did n't learn a lesson with 1985 's The Black Cauldron -RRB- which makes the movie bland and lacking appeal , the voices were alright but with many flaws . For instance , Bob and Eva 's voices sounded too old to fit the same characters , although Miss Bianca 's new look made her look like a rich old lady , sort of reminded me of Madame Bonfamille from The Aristocats . The mice act like humans and use everything like humans , so that part of appeal of the original was not put to use here . The storyline is simply a remake of the original and there are many other -LRB- too many -RRB- flaws to describe , so I 'll make it short and say that I do not recommend this . Disney has n't been able to pull a single good sequel unless Pixar was involved , what a shame .1 / 10
 i would have loved that . The movie is stupid , its boring . plus there were too many dirty jokes : -LRB-
 Originally meant as a direct-to-video release , this sequel to The Rescuers -LRB- 1977 -RRB- barely has anything more to give than sharp , standard animation when compared to other sequel releases like Atlantis II - Milo 's Return -LRB- Probably the worst sequel ever , since the original had n't much to give either -RRB- but other than this The Rescuers 2 is nothing than yet another attempt -LRB- First attempt -RRB- to cash into the success of the original , which was one of the most successful Disney films in time of original release.Story-wise , this movie left me flat , after putting two and two together I realized that it was nothing more than a rehash of the original . Imagine , two mice from the Rescue Aid Society fly on albatross to a faraway land to rescue a child who 's been kidnapped and has sent a plea for help . It seems that the villain and his minions need the little boy to help him retrieve a valuable treasure . As you can see , the storyline is anything but original , that 's why I was shocked when I read that the makers of this had thought the original had a weak story , but compared to this one , it had way more lust and charm.The movie has too much of a modern setting to be memorable and the characters are uninteresting , especially the two main characters Bernard and Miss Bianca , who not only look old and awful but are boring and minor characters . The boy they are rescuing is rather bland and has almost no personality . Characters like the caged animals are only added for a longer running time -LRB- And do n't even get rescued in the end ! -RRB- , happenings are sometimes ridiculously exagerated and the ending feels rushed and incomplete.The original The Rescuers was a hands-down favorite , so I decided to give its sequel a chance , however for reasons I 've stated above , I disliked it and do n't feel like recommending it . Watch the original or other early Disney animated classic instead . 1/5 .
 What rubbish.Way too much violence . Why do kids movies have to be so violent these days ? -LRB- or when it was made -RRB- . Had a few laughs -LRB- I 'm an ex-pat Australian -RRB- but not worth the plastic it was made from.Certainly not recommended for general viewing as the cover shows .
 What a shock it was for me to find this video at Babies R Us for 14.99 .
 * May contain spoilers * Not only made horrid with a story that was a complete rip-off of the original film , it also features a lot of plot holes and things in the film just do n't make sense . Without any more than `` A boy 's been kidnapped in Australia '' , Wilbur , the lost brother of Orville knows right where to land in one of the biggest countries in the world , throughout the film , we meet a bunch of locked up critters , just there for a good laugh and left there afterwards , no one ever came to rescue them . We never get to see a happy meeting of Cody and his mother or Bernard and Miss Bianca returning to the Rescue Aid Society like it happened in the original . Worse , there 's this huge love triangle through-out the film which just happens to be completely lost at the end when one of the players totally gives up . Obviously Disney did n't take the time to actually produce a decent enough sequel for one of their animated classics , they only did with Fantasia 2000 . Usually , I just ignore sequels , I 've only seen about 4 , but none of them were really worth the money or time . The Rescuers was n't the best Disney animated feature out there , but it 's lack of comedic stupidity -LRB- Of which drowned this lacking sequel -RRB- and full amount of color and heart made it quite superior . Some of the characters , like the villain and the mouse doctor are painful to look at , and taking the original 's strength with the explendid vocal talents of Bob Newhart and Eva Gabor makes this one a poor loser , even with the same two vocalists.Rating
 This was Disney 's first attempt for a sequel and it was released in 1990 , however , judging from its quality , I simply do n't see why Disney has even bothered to keep on making sequels . It is no wonder why this film was a total financial failure , it bombed threatrically and it is mainly due to its lack of appeal , together with many other flaws.The story line is n't bad , if it had n't been for the fact that it is nothing but a rehash of the original 's plot . A little boy sends a call for help that reaches the paws of the Rescue Aid Society in New York , Bernard and Miss Bianca fly on albatross to his rescue and there they battle the evil villain and his reptile minions , counting of course with the help of a bunch of critters around the area . Does that sound familiar ? Yes , it is the same storyline as the 1977 original , only this time , the victim and the villain are male instead of female , and the minion is a female instead of two males . Once again , the villain 's motive is caused by wanting to retrieve something from an impossible place and needs some warm , little body to reach it.Other flaws include loss of reality , animators and storytellers obviously had to rush things up and make them `` fit '' in order to finish the project . An example is the ending , a lot of things are left un-answered , the critters we meet locked up in cages stay there , they never get rescued and we never get to see the boy 's mother see her son return -LRB- After all , she was to think he was dead -RRB- and the size of the golden eagle was exagerated tremendously.Other flaws include the fact that Bernard and Miss Bianca have become as interesting as characters as the marker sellers were in `` Aladdin . '' There 's too much comedy , too many disturbing scenes , too much un-needed characters and not enough heart . The main appeal of the original was its ` heart ' , it was emotional and heart-breaking , but of course with a real complete and happy ending , yet here , the ending is disappointing and so is the entire feature.No , I would not recommend this film , period . I 'm sorry , but Disney has n't made a single worth watching , except for maybe Toy Story 2 which had even more heart than the first .
 Weak structure , underdeveloped and even annoying characters , silly dialog , and a few hard-to-swallow action scenes -LRB- even for cartoons -RRB- make this far worse than the first . The animation is kind of nice but does n't make up for the basic shortcomings in story , plot , and characters .
 I think it 's not an authentic copy cuz it wo n't even play on my dvd . It tells me it 's the &#34; wrong region &#34; .
 Yes , thats what the title should say . region 2 dont work in the USA . this product is deceitful . Shame on vendors selling this product .
 Yes , this was the first Disney sequel , but do n't be fooled , this does n't make it any superior to the line of cheaply made sequels that followed . This film is considered an animated classic , but it does n't live up to the classic Disney animated features , including the brilliand and original 1977 's The Rescuers , it is down there with weak Disney releases like 101 Dalmatians -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , The Black Cauldron -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , Oliver & Company -LRB- 1987 -RRB- or the souless and unimaginative Aladdin -LRB- 1992 -RRB- . The film does have good animation , and right now it may even seem as if the animation were superior to that in the original , but that is not playing fair , because The Rescuers Down Under was released with explendid picture quality , while The Rescuers was released with a poor `` snappy new remastering . `` The film does n't live up to the original The Rescuers , one of my personal favorites , it does n't have the charm or the sweet atmosphere the original had and it suffers from weak characters . Bernard and Bianca have not developed since the original film , they 've gone down , the only advancement is in Miss Bianca 's age , who now matches Eva Gabor 's voice at the time and she looks like a wealthy old mouse . A pretty lame character , voiced by John Candy named Wilbur was brought to replace Orville since Jim Jordan had passed away . Wilbur is Orville in disguise , a complete remake , the only difference is the color of his scarf . He even uses the same take off gag as Orville did in the original film.In this rather weak sequel , the two mice from The Rescuers -LRB- 1977 -RRB- are back , this time to rescue a rather bland boy from the hands of evil Mcleach , who 's sidekick is a lame lizard named Joahnna . The two characters try hard to replace the adorable Penny , Brutus and Nero the aligators and funny enough , it seems as if Amos Slade was back ! No excitement here , the opening sequence which is said to be `` breathtaking '' looks like flat moving pictures poorly created by the multi-plane camera.If you have n't seen this film , do n't bother you have n't missed much . If you are a fan of the original , you 'll probably dislike this one . I recommend the original The Rescuers -LRB- 1977 -RRB- instead .2 / 5 -LRB- The two stars is for the effort , the 3 taken away is for the ugly result . -RRB-
 `` The Rescuers Down Under '' is the sequel to the 1977 hit film , ` The Rescuers , ' a personal favorite , but it does n't have the originality , charm and simplicity of the first one . Most viewers will be fooled by the dazzling animation and pay more attention to that rather than the content of the film . This sequel seems out of place , rushed and not very interesting , once you see it , you 'll hardly want to revisit it.Very few new things happen here , once again , Bernard and Miss Bianca , voiced once again by Bob Newhart and Eva Gabor take off to save a young boy from an evil kidnapper . Like I said , nothing original , many gags from the first film are repeated here , for example the two rescuers fly on an albatross once again -LRB- Apparently a lost brother of Orville named Wilbur , voiced by John Candy -RRB- . There are many new characters , however , most of these were rushed and never develop any real personality . The new boy , Cody is a bland character , not half as sweet and adorable as the little orphan girl , Penny in The Rescuers , other main characters for example Joanna , the lizard-like animal is probably the funniest and most entertaining character in the film -LRB- Which is pretty sad -RRB- , however her design and mouse-hungry intentions seem too similar to the ferocious aligators Brutus and Nero -LRB- Also from The Rescuers -RRB- and the rather uninteresting villain seems like a spin-off of not Madame Medusa -LRB- Funny enough , like another reviewer pointed out -RRB- but of Amos Slade , the villain in the 1981 classic , The Fox and the Hound . Other small characters , like a group of captured animals seem to have been added to literally `` make a scene '' which is all they do as they serve no real purpose , shameful compared to the brilliant use of minor characters in the final battle in the first film.As I said , this movie feels incomplete , there are no songs , no soft bittersweet moments , no charm , no originality which is pretty pathetic , since sequels should at least show some form of originality . The ending feels rushed , we never get to see the expression of Cody 's mom in his return -LRB- We never get to see her at all ! -RRB- , we never see a final meeting of the Rescue Aid Society and we never see the wild animals I mentioned before getting rescued , no , everything is tied up and `` Let 's all go home ! `` The film itself can be pretty entertaining , it is n't necessarily bad but you probably wo n't be finding yourself wanting to go back to it , maybe you 'll rewatch a few of the `` breathtaking '' scenes but nothing more . Everyone 's got their different opinions , perhaps you might read my review , watch the film and love it and that 's why I am not going to say that you should n't give the film a try , In personally have the film in my collection , it will be there , but I feel no real desire to re-watch it , although I 'm sure I will soon.If I may make a recommendation , do n't buy either one of the DVD releases for this two films , this and the 1977 film , The Rescuers . Their current DVD releases are poor , one has horrifying picture quality and the other lacks content , not worth your money . Hopefully the Disney marketing department will give us a better release , at least of the first film .
 Margery Sharp 's novels were nicely adapted in the original 1977 Disney classic , The Rescuers , which although did n't keep the same storylines , it kept the same elements of soft humor , sweet drama and a simple rescue mission , always keeping it small , yet memorable.Here we have the same main characters , in a modern world with a modern setting that seems to take place 30 years after the original -LRB- No wonder Miss Bianca looks so old and sounds like an old hag ! -RRB- , Miss Bianca and the other mice were known for using human objects as completely different mouse things , however , here we have them , not only acting and walking like humans , but using human stuff the same way as humans , which grossed me out . The kid being rescued is possibly the most bland and boring Disney kid ever , absolutely unrealistic and plain corny . The ending seems to leave everything incomplete , not to mention a love triangle that just falls apart at the end.After watching many other Disney sequels , I did n't expect much , but being Margery Sharp , I 'm angered that Disney was even allowed to create such an atrocity . I will not be seeing any more Disney sequels as they all seem to be absolutely horrid . This movie feels like a cheap experiment in which Disney was testing out new forms of animation -LRB- Character styling is disgraceful and looks nothing like the original -RRB- . I would not recommend this . 0/5 . Big waste of money on Disney crap .
 What I would have liked to know before I purchased this dvd is will it play , and know it did not play !!! So I returned it to Movie Mars several weeks ago and so far I have not received a replacement and I have sent several emails and no reply from them !!! ... now that 's real service !!! So I do not recommend to buy any thing from Movie Mars !!!
 Hmm , this was definately not the greatest Disney sequel or anything of the sort , this was as bad as other of the company 's `` cheapquels '' . The original `` The Rescuers '' was a true masterpiece , despite it 's lack of good animation , the story was sweet and the characters both memorable and lovable . Here , in The Rescuers Down Under , we have Bernard and Bianca back , not even Orville , I mean what was with Wilbur ? He was n't as funny as Orville in my opinion , anyways , Bernard and Bianca were n't the same ones , Bianca 's voice sounded old and she was wearing too much make up , Bernard was wearing a greenish hat instead of a red one , I 'm guessing that was so that people would see the difference of the two movies in advertisements . Then we have the animation style , I hated it , the villain , McLeach looked almost like a robot , with that ugly modern times face , yuck . Then Joanna ca n't take the place of Brutus and Nero , Madame Medusa 's beloved pets -LRB- I thought they were kinda cute in their own way ! -RRB- There 's also the Australian crew , now I can safely say that they were n't as loving as Ellie Mae and the rest of the Swamp folks , and then is that Cody kid , with no personallity developing , unlike Penny , who you could feel for the first time you heard her talk.Also , The Rescuers Down Under is nothing but a remake of the original , with a different setting and characters , there 's the villain McLeach -LRB- Just like Madame Medusa -RRB- , who needs the boy Cody -LRB- Just like Penny -RRB- to find the location of the Marahute , the eagle -LRB- Just like The Devil 's Eye -RRB- and here are the mice send a message -LRB- Just like Penny 's bottle -RRB- to the Rescue Aid Society and Bernard and Bianca are off on wings -LRB- Orville ? Oh no , some Wilbur guy ... I was expecting some dumb song called `` Yesterday was another day '' -RRB- So , then Bernard and Bianca needed help , they came to Jake , the leader in this unknown place -LRB- Ellie Mae -RRB- and a bunch of Australian animals -LRB- The swamp folks -RRB- ... Bernard and Bianca flying on animals , like fireflies -LRB- Evinrude !!! -RRB- And then , having to face or avoid Joanna -LRB- Whoa Brutus and Nero ... -RRB- So , as you can see , the plot is really nothing but a remake of The Rescuers ' wonderful stroy line . Nothing new , and that Cody kid was very annoying.The Rescuers Down Under gets a 1/10 .
 DVD did not work . Still trying to figure out how to get my money back . If you can help let me know . Thanks
 If you 're in the USA and using typical consumer equipment , you will not be able to play this since it 's a european version of the film . Avoid the mistake I made and get the Region 1 NTSC version instead . The package says in fine print on the back `` this DVD is not to be exported , resupplied , or distributed by way of trade outside the EU ... '' so I am not sure why this is listed on the US Amazon site to begin with . Item also arrived broken into pieces by USPS so I must just have terrible luck .
 Eek ! Eek ! Eek ! This is absolutely the worst movie experience I 've had in weeks . Horrid adaptation of Margery Sharp 's novels , not only that , but a total failure as a film on its own ! There 's just no point to this movie . Where the first one ended should have been the end . Nothing happens here that relates to the first movie , there was no need for it at all!But to have Miss Bianca and Bernard marry ?! That 's like shooting Margery Sharp ! She would never have allowed such atrocity !! What were the film makers thinking ?! Turning Margery Sharp 's soft , warm and sophisticated novels into an action , clich&eacute; romance film ... ? Makes you want to throw up!Totally disgusted !!
 `` The Rescuers Down Under '' is supposedly a sequel to its ' original . However , the dictionary defines a `` sequel '' to be a `` work whose narrative continues that of a preexisting work . '' In other words , a sequel is supposed to extend and continue a storyline ... however , `` The Rescuers Down Under '' fails to continue a storyline , rather it recreates the storyline in the original into a twisted case of d&eacute;j&agrave; vu . Basically , if you 've seen the original , you 've already seen the less pleasing `` sequel . `` This time around a young blonde boy , by the name of Cody , replaces our charming Penny from the original . Cody is sent out by his animal friends to rescue a trapped golden eagle . Unfortunately , the villainess poacher who captured the golden eagle in the first place out of greed , does n't take too kindly to this rescuing and locks Cody up to keep him out of the way.The Rescue Aid Society is sent out to rescue Cody , and we see a triumphant return of the same pairing of voices for Bernard and Miss Bianca -LRB- Newhart and Gabor -RRB- . Since these two characters were in the original , we already know their personalities , lucky thing , because the sequel takes no time to portray any of the character 's personalities . Other characters in the film are introduced with no personality , who serve only one purpose -- to make the film happen -LRB- although we would have been happier if it had n't happened in the first place -RRB- . Bernard and Bianca are promising characters -LRB- since they came from the original -RRB- but unfortunately are overwhelmed by the less-pleasing qualities of the movie . Including weak characters , a repeated storyline , an unoriginal villain who has no personality to define him by other than `` the bad guy . '' Everything about this movie is just an ailing repeat of what has happened in the original , even their mode of transportation , an albatross named `` Wilbur '' is a repeat.The film parallels their efforts to find and free Cody , who is held captive throughout the film while the villain , McLeach , attempts to intimidate the boy to tell him the whereabouts of the insanely large eagle 's nest . Which , as viewers of the original can see , is a complete repeat from the original . In both films the villains held the children captive because they needed the children to help themselves quench their greed.Cody never gives McLeach what he wants , his death is faked so that the rangers wo n't come looking for him , and we watch the unoriginal story take place against beautiful scenery until the end where we find a literal cliff-hanger , and Cody is reunited with his mother . It would have been nice , though , if the film had actually shown us Cody and his mother being reunited - she thinks he 's dead , after all . And the captive animals who were also in McLeach 's lair , we find , were introduced only to be forgotten.Overall , there are some beautiful sequences , Australia -LRB- where the film takes place -RRB- , looks very appealing and the characters are all dressed in cleaned-up animation . But the film itself is unoriginal with only a one or two breath-taking scenes.Ironically , it seems that the fans of the original dislike the sequel while those who disliked the original enjoyed the sequel . I never quite understood this since the sequel is merely an ailing repeat of the original , maybe some people find unoriginal films to be appealing ...
 When I received this product I was so excited because it was one of my favorite movies as a kid . However when I opened the box , there was no disc in it . It was plastic wrapped and everything with NO disc . I did get a refund but at the same time there were no other copies available at the time for me to get instead .
 It was n't too bad , it 's nowhere as near as good as the first one but it is n't completely terrible . Good for rainy day watching , kids will like it , the first one holds up better for adults . Only real complaint is that the characters are sort of dull .
 After having seen The Rescuers in theaters twice -LRB- One alone and then once with my kids -RRB- , I decided to then go see the sequel when it was released in 1990 , however , seeing the poster for it , I sort of hesitated , it seemed too much like an action movie and less of a heartwarming tale . I can safely say I was very disappointed with it , true , sequels are seldom as good as the first , but still , it was hard for me to consider this a sequel since the plot outline is really the same as the original , with different characters and different settings . No songs , boring , repeated music , less-than-interesting character and a very annoying protagonist boy.The story is that a boy has been kidnapped by Percival McLeach who needs the boy in order to retrieve the great golden eagle Marahute , familiar ? Yes , just like in the original , villain needs small , sweet person in order to retrieve a valuable thing . My biggest problem was the characters , so uninteresting , even Bernard and Miss Bianca were among the most boring characters in the film , not to mention that their original voices were too old to fit the same roles , so I could never believe that those were the same mice I had loved years prior to this movie . Story telling is as poor as the worst Disney has ever made , it even makes the story of Oliver & Company look good , too many lose ends , un-needed characters and ridiculous sequences , like the one in which a bunch of mice are operating the ` new ' albatross Wilbur.All in all , there are no memorable sequences , no pretty songs and no real classic scenes . It was the first Disney animated sequel and that 's all there is to it . -LRB- Rent cheap before buying -RRB-
 The clip inside the case was broken ... which resulted in a cd that flopped around in the case and scratched it up . It still played thankfully but would have been nice to have a fully functional case .
 The mice do n't even act like mice on this one , it shows how much time was put into the making of it . A few flat looking flight scenes ca n't make up for poor story telling .
 This was the first in Disney 's line of trashy and inferiour sequels that seem to be surrounding the Disney empire today . The movie was a complete failure which discouraged Disney from ever paing enough attention to another sequel and it 's thanks to this that we now get stuff like Cinderella 2 or 101 Dalmatians 2 with a few rare highlights like Return to Neverland or Lady and the Tramp 2 . The Rescuers Down Under is no where near as good as the first one , there is no heart to it . Neither the story nor the characters held up and just the whole idea is n't very convincing . It is too much like the original -LRB- Which makes this unoriginal -RRB- but not in the way it should be . It features no songs and there 's no emotion to it.The only thing the movie has that makes it good is the title , the `` 2 `` s make the films like this look like total trash even though that 's what they are basically . Total trash . Do n't buy .0 / 5
 We got this for our children as an early Christmas present together with a copy of the original The Rescuers . Unfortunally , out of the $ 29.98 we spent getting both , $ 14.99 of those were a total waste.The kids loved watching the original and the us did too , the story was sweet and original and it even got the kids emotional at times . Well , this sequel got the kids emotional too . With boredom , that is , because after only about twenty minutes into the film the kids were no longer paying attention to the film and a few minutes later they left altogether . We asked them why did n't they like it and they said that it was because most characters from the original did n't appear in this one and because those who did appear `` looked weird . '' That was from a child 's point of view , we watched the film until the kids left , we were n't interested in watching it afterwards . I noticed the film to be pretty much a remake of the original with new settings and characters and a slightly altered storyline , even so , the film was n't half as charming , interesting or in he least entertaining as the first one was and that 's why we are donating this to the library , I regret having it bought on DVD instead of VHS which was much cheaper . If you 're considering giving this to your kids for the holidays , skip it . Get the original or something else instead . I agree with the other users in that `` The Rescuers '' is the better choice .
 There was absolutely no need for this sequel to be made , the original The Rescuers was great and it fully ended and closed up everything . This one however is so horribly made , the ending is n't even half complete and many elements in the movie were left stranded . Not worth your time.Don ' t waste your money .
 I did not enjoy this movie . The characters looked weird and did n't look at all like the ones in the first one . The Rescuers made me cry and I loved the ending , this one bored me and I could n't watch it all the way through . Disney sequels are terrible , try Bambi II or The Rescuers , now those are great movies .
 Lately I 've been hearing of many old and upcoming Disney sequels , but I had never known this one . I had no idea they had made a sequel to the 1977 classic and I had hoped they never would . Sadly , here it is.Apparently released in 1990 , this insignificant follow-up to the Disney classic is n't worthy of recognition , it 's failure I doubt is due to it going against Home Alone , but rather because the film feels so rushed and cheap that it is n't worth your money.Three of the original characters made it into the sequel , many of the others replaced with pathetic re-makes , Cody , the new rescuee boy is as bland and boring as a Disney child could be , hardly even trying to achieve the depth and warmth of Penny . Brutus and Nero , have been conbined into an annoying and retarded lizard named Joahnna , Ellie Mae , Luke and the Swamp Folk have been transformed into Jake the kangaroo mouse and a bunch of outback critters who 's place in the film is 100 % un-needed and worst of all , Madame Medusa has been replaced my Percival McLeach , who 's motive is questionable and lacks intelligence.Same thing with plot , the story of the original has been retouched with new settings and slightly different motives trying to lead the viewers into thinking they are in for a treat when all they 'll get is a cheap remake of the original with the most ridiculously stupid comedy routines and one of the most uncomplete endings in Disney history . Locked up critters were left in their cages eternally as their `` happily ever after '' and everything else fills rushed.The animation is n't as bad as other Disney sequels , but it is n't too good either . Character design is the worst among Disney films and film structure is weak and bound to not work , which it did n't for me.Recommended
 I do a lot of my amazon purchasing on my iPhone . For some reason I was not informed that I was buying a DVD that would not work in any american devices . I tried to return the item but was told I would have to pay for shipping from US to UK ... More then the price of the DVD
 Boy , The Rescuers Down Under was the most boring and stupid movie I have ever seen in my life . I prefer `` The Rescuers '' a thousand times over this trash ! Disney has made different and very pathetic sequels , I 'd like to point out 101 Dalmatians II - Patch 's London Adventure , so yes , that film was as pathetic as this one -LRB- Although I prefer that one ! -RRB- but at least I liked the fact that the creators had bothered to keep the `` look '' of the original `` 101 Dalmatians '' by addind unfinished and fancy-free backgrounds . We got none of that in The Rescuers Down Under , the most disappointing thing was the fact that the film did n't have the warm feeling of the first one . Second of all , no songs . A Disney animated film wo n't get much respect if it does n't feature pretty songs , I do n't know why people criticize the four beautiful songs in the original film , I really missed that here , a new version of Rescue Aid Society would have fit into the sequel perfectly . The storyline is very , very boring . It does n't have classical Disney gags that they previously used to keep the viewers entertained and smiling wanting for more , a good example of this in the first The Rescuers was the scene in which the aligators were trying to get the mice out of an organ , I loved that scene . Nah , it 's hard to believe that The Rescuers Down Under uses pretty much the same exact story-line of the original movie , and yet it does n't capture my attention like the first one did.One of the biggest , largest problems with this sequel are the characters ! Yuck ! What a bunch of boring characters , Bernard and Bianca have probably turned into the most boring characters in the film and the new ones are either pathetic copies of previous ones or are just there to add a little , unfunny and uneeded comic relief . The boy that Bernard and Bianca are rescuing is soo bland , no personality and no character . The villain is weak and sort of dumb and Wilbur is a pathetic spin-off of Orville , the fun-loving Albatross friend in The Rescuers . All in all , The Rescuers Down Under is an addition to the list of bad , dumb sequels that are just there to break and ruin the happy endings of the originals . Do n't waste your time or money . The thing that bothered me the most is how they had Bernard and Bianca marry ! That should have never happened , the story ended when the first one said THE END .
 This sequel to the 1977 classic was the first of Disney 's scary outburst of sequels to the classics . Many say this movie is better than the first because `` it 's funnier . '' I do n't think the first The Rescuers was meant to be a comedy of any sort , and Disney has too many comedies nowadays . The Rescuers is the best choice , naturally . Do n't waste your money on this .0 / 5
 My mom bought this for me for Christmas so I watched it . I was n't expecting it to be as good as the original but at least to be somewhat good and bring back the characters I had really liked in The Rescuers . I got none of that , what I received was another one of those crazy and quick sequels that no one likes . One of the things I noticed was that the end was rushed and it left things unanswered , it seemed as if Disney had left it like this to have an excuse to make another sequel which would be as bad , if not worse than this one . I remember one of the things in the original was that we saw everything have a happy ending , the diamond was put into safety and Penny was seen adopted , reunited with her friends we even got to see Penny 's adoptive parents . In the sequel , we were n't even allowed to see the blonde kid 's mother -LRB- I need to watch a film more than once to remember names and I do n't want to watch this again . -RRB- Another grand disappointment was the fact that only 2 characters from the original film were here , Bernard and Miss Bianca , who looked very old and weird -LRB- Mr. Chairman looked so weird and brown in this movie that I did n't believe he was the same one . -RRB- I wish this movie had continued the story with Penny , Rufus and Evinrude once again , Evinrude was a much missed character.I 've only watched this poor sequel once and I doubt I would want to watch it again . I rather watch the original .1 / 5 -LRB- Because they wo n't let me give it 0 . -RRB-
 Afraid that the copy I purchased would n't play - must have been some small print somewhere that was missed as the copy is in Hebrew and Greek =-LRB- =-LRB- =-LRB- buyer beware
 I am not sure why they say this is not published yet because I purchased this for my 2 yr.old son for Christmas 2000 . I do not recommend this video at all . It only makes my son wilder at bedtime . There is no routine for bedtime and it is always daylight during the video and the other teletubbies just laugh . I laughed at myself for buying it .
 CBS RUSHED THIS TV SPECIAL OUT BACK IN '76 TO MASSAGE THE EGO OF ITS ' BIGGEST PRIME TIME MONEY MAKER OF ALL TIME . SHE WAS IN SEMI-RETIREMENT WHEN THIS TV SPECIAL AIRED . CLAD IN A WIG , UGLY GOWN AND DRAG QUEEN LIKE MAKE-UP , LUCY 'S ACCEPTS A JIVE PLAQUE FROM JAMES STEWART AT THE END OF THIS TIRED MONTAGE OF HER TV WORK . SHE SEEMED JUST HAPPY TO HAVE SOMETHING TO DO . BACKGAMMON , BOOZE AND CIGARETTES WAS WHAT SHE PASSED TIME WITH IN HER LONELY BEVERLY HILLS MANSION . HER HUSBAND , GARRY MORTON WAS PLAYING TENNIS AND SLEEPING AROUND . SAD FINAL YEARS OF TV 'S TOP STAR .
 `` The Kidnapping of the President '' is a cheesy film from 1980 with lots of big names in their joint creative declines . This made in Canada cheapie is set in Toronto and boils down to this
 Okay , we have this former hitwoman who wants to get on with her life , but she is kind of coerced into killing five scumbags by some secretive organization . The scumbags are nasty guys and gals who abuse , exploit and basically debase females in some ridiculous form or another . The hitwoman gets her assignments by playing a video game called THE SILENCER . Once she shoots her opponent in the game , her real quarry comes up , with some stupid accompanying jargon like their fatal flaws and what they do for a living . The hitwoman has big cazoos and wears a black bra through most of the movie . Along the way , she encounters her former hitman/partner/lover , who is determined to bring her back to his arms . She also beds a young jock named Drew , who is killed by her ex-lover , and then she comes on to some pool player jock at the game arcade , who she obviously might care for . Additionally , she saves a street girl from a devious future by shipping her off to be a mechanic at an old pal 's auto shop . The scenes flow without any kind of continuity , and the acting , well , suffice to say good actors like Chris Mulkey and Paul Ganus are lost in this drivel and the comely Lynnette Walden can not carry this movie on -LRB- ... -RRB- alone . Dull and crude , THE SILENCER is one movie that should be .
 I got this DVD at the bargain price of US$ 10 and I 'm not about to complain about it.The story is OK , the cast does their best , Amy gets to kick the daylights out of the bad guy!Hey it 's OK . There 's also some motorcycles in it at least and I love motorbikes . Amy rides a cool Sporty she got from a guy she picked up after a job -LRB- I think she keeps the bike when she kicks him out -RRB- . The Bad Guy rides a badder bike off-course . Amy is pretty and takes her clothes of once so that 's another plus .
 One star for the `` no glove , no love '' scene . All the rest isworth minus 17 . Truly appaling . I would not recommend this tomy worst enemy . OK maybe to her . It is beyond being one ofthose `` so bad it is good '' type of movies . It is just plain bad .
 Since those responsible for this animated version of `` Animal Farm '' failed to renew their copyright -LRB- this came out in 1954 -RRB- , this film is now freely available , for example on YouTube , where it can be legally uploaded in its entirety.It follows the book much more than the recent version did , although still very loosely . The biggest difference is its completely different , more hopeful ending .
 The film animal farm was based on the novel by George Orwell . I thoroughly enjoyed the book and the way that you could relate the animals to characters in the Russian Revolution . Orwell used a very strong form of satire by comparing the leaders of the Russian Revolution to pigs.The film disappointed me , as I was expecting the film to match or better the book . This is because of the poor animation , which was , I think , meant for children . If you have n't read the book before the film I do n't think you could understand various parts in the film such as when the animals sang ` Beasts of England ' , you could not interpret what they were singing so this looked particularly silly.Some characters had been left out in the film such as Molly and Clover . This did n't really have any impact on the film but it would have been interesting to see what the director could have done to interpret the characteristics of the animals.The film was similar to a fable if not one . The animals had human characteristics , they could talk and as the film progressed became more and more like humans . In my opinion the moral of the story is that you can not reach utopia instead when the animals tried they created dystopia .
 The book animal farm was written over 60 years ago and has recently been placed in the top 100 books ever , has been turned into a cartoon for the children 's film of the same name . The book was famous for mocking the Russian revolution . This is no longer visible in the film And in the eyes of a child they would have no idea what it is linked with . The film does follow the book for most of it , but the director has certain parts . He has tried to improve the plot , but after reading the book , it somewhat makes the plot worse.This is a reasonable conversion , children and people who have n't read the book will find it an average cartoon but for people that have read it will find it disappointing because the main characters are missing , main parts are missing , and some parts are randomly changed .
 This tape is recorded in SLP mode -LRB- the worst VHS -RRB- . The colors are extremely grainy and the reds almost unwatchable . The scenes inside the farm that are at night have more noise than visual image . This is among the very worst possible transfers of this material . This should definately not be bought by anyone .
 I think this is the same version of ` Animal Farm ' I saw that completely changed the ending of the book . This version actually makes a happy ending out of the story ! A complete waste of time , and ruined the uncomprimising messages of the book . Read the book .
 This is atrocus , vile , terribul , moron , poisonus , idiot , doodoo , and funky-bunky . I think it wuz bad . I wannada givit 1 starr but my bro didunt let me .
 Animal Farm is a satire of a tyranical/Communist government . Even though it has animals as the main characters , it is n't for children . Apparently , the filmmakers did not realize it , and turned this brilliant novel into a cutesy , Disney-esque cartoon . It was just really , really bad .
 This adaptation of George Orwell 's brilliant satire has lost all the meaning . If you 've read the book , do n't see the movie . If you have n't read the book , still do n't see the movie .
 I bought this DVD to show to my English classes after reading the George Orwell novel Animal Farm . I was very disappointed ; it is very corny , and the end deviates from the novel quite a bit . It is as if they did n't get the meaning or point of the novel at all . I am sorry that I made this purchase !
 This cartoon is fantastic , but beware that the slim case version is of terrible quality . I came across it at a dollar store and was delighted to have replaced my VHS copy . Unfortunately , this particular version is completely washed out and the audio has a constant hiss . I presume that the other DVD version is better , but who knows ? I guess I 'll be going back to the trusty tape .
 I read the book twice before ever seeing the movie . I was disappointed . By the time the movie got going , it ended . I felt that there was n't an increase in action and the climax was at the end , horribly directed movie . There were so many items left out of the movie that the book included , it made the movie worth less . who could forget about Benjamin 's attitude , or Mollie and her sugar and ribbons . There simply was n't the same affect on the watcher as the book had on the reader . The movie may not have been that long , but I sure wish I could get those 70 minutes back in my life .
 Not only is this drawn spoof of animal farm disgusting , They cut out half of the book , and to top it all off change the ending ! Please read the book , do n't even waste your time .
 Animal farm was a book written over 60 years ago by George Orwell . It has been converted into a child 's cartoon film . It is a fable , which re-enacts the Russian Revolution , swapping humans for animals.It starts off with a speech by a pig called major , which represents Karl Marx . He influences the animals about rebelling against humans . Eventually the animals drive Mr Jones -LRB- who represents the former Russian leaders , the Tsars -RRB- off the farm , in order to start a communist community . Like most revolutions , people start to give themselves leadership . Eventually , the leaders start to turn into the former leaders , and things became as they started off.However , the film takes a twist at the end . The animals fight back against the pig leaders . This was a very bad idea because it destroys the connection with the Russian Revolution . It loses its effects.However , the sense of satire still remains because pigs represent the communist leaders , and pigs are usually unpleasant creatures.The film is only good as far as an entertaining cartoon , but after reading the book , I find it a very bad comparison as many major characters and parts are missed out , and the ending fails to follow that of the Russian revolution .
 Animal farm was a book written over 60 years ago by George Orwell . It has been converted into a child 's cartoon film . It is a fable , which re-enacts the Russian Revolution , swapping humans for animals.It starts off with a speech by a pig called major , which represents Karl Marx . He influences the animals about rebelling against humans . Eventually the animals drive Mr Jones -LRB- who represents the former Russian leaders , the Tsars -RRB- off the farm , in order to start a communist community . Like most revolutions , people start to give themselves leadership . Eventually , the leaders start to turn into the former leaders , and things became as they started off.However , the film takes a twist at the end . The animals fight back against the pig leaders . This was a very bad idea because it destroys the connection with the Russian Revolution . It loses its effects.However , the sense of satire still remains because pigs represent the communist leaders , and pigs are usually unpleasant creatures.The film is only good as far as an entertaining cartoon , but after reading the book , I find it a very bad comparison as many major characters and parts are missed out , and the ending fails to follow that of the Russian revolution .
 I thought this movie was dumb . There was one good part , though . I thought that the theme came out nicely as the horse turned into glue .
 When I read the book `` animal farm '' i thought there could be nothing in the world more moronic or overrated . Then I saw the movie and was proven wrong .
 IMDB.com did n't think my comment on this film was worth posting , but I will try here and hope Amazon.com does n't have high requirements : -RRB- I have never seen this film , but the New York Times has reported on the discovery that this film , along with the 1950 's version of `` 1984 '' , was created by the CIA . Created may be too strong a word however . If I remember the report correctly , the CIA funded both of these projects while demanding some alterations be done . The fact that the pigs in this movie do not stand alongside the humans at the end , like in the book , is due directly to the CIA 's influence.The report was on the new book `` The Cultural Cold War '' , which can also be found at Amazon.com -LRB- grin grin -RRB- . So for more details , check out that book .1 star for being manipulated by the CIA : -RRB-
 this in an uninspired telling of a transparent political fable . Good enough to watch once .
 this film was funded by the centeral intelligence agency in the 1950s and was maipulated to suit the need of a capitalistic propoganda machine
 `` The Kidnapping of the President '' is a cheesy film from 1980 with lots of big names in their joint creative declines . This made in Canada cheapie is set in Toronto and boils down to this
 There are no women in chains . The box does n't claim there are women in chains , nor does it show women in chain . Captain Kangaroo was neither a captain nor a kangaroo . Get over it.Harris -LRB- Robbie Lott -RRB- is in prison for pot . He plays horseshoes and works as the prison librarian . Suddenly Harris is transferred to a north Georgia chain gang with harden criminals who speak like they are trying out for a part in a Tennessee Williams play . They are guarded by Fat Sam -LRB- Bruce Kimball -RRB- , a stereotypical pot belly guard who walks around carelessly with his shotgun ... -LRB- key plot point -RRB- . They escape across Rt. 75 which is being widen -LRB- future I-75 ? -RRB- to some hillbilly running music . Harris is reluctant to escape . Given the choice between running and staying with his foot cut off , he chose the former . Note the cinematic 4 way split screen as we can see simultaneously 3 different groups of prisoners escaping and a policeman talking on his car radio ! You never saw that in Lord of the Rings ! Harris escapes with Weed -LRB- Michael Stearns -RRB- as most of the other prisoners are outwitted by the savvy folks of North Georgia.They duo makes it to Harris ' gf house where Ann -LRB- Linda York -RRB- abets them . Linda revives her role as a rape victim -LRB- Casting Call -RRB- . The plot which was n't that good to begin with turns south in a hurry to an abrupt ending.Nudity , sex , rape and the rape scenes were a bit lame by 70 's standards .
 Amazing , but the name is the most redeeming quality of this movie . The `` chain gang '' is comprised of MEN , and only men . Men escape from a chain gang with a little help from two women . Acting is okay to bad , quality is okay to bad , story is okay to bad .
 The Sell Out is the best of these 3 . Good acting by Richard Widmark . For the other two movies , Inside man would be second best and kept my interest well enough . Hangmen though is a different story . Too much gunplay & people getting killed . I only sat through it for the Sandra Bullock parts since this was her very first movie . She was good & the rest of the picture was so so.Expect the picture quality to be slightly soft -LRB- like VHS -RRB- due to the compression needed to put 3 movies on one DVD . The sound on all 3 is mono plus the movies are all full screen format .
 Was hoping other reviews were off , but unfortunately they were right . Not even close to a recommended movie . Or as would be said by submariners , a true `` Five finger gagger '' .
 I agree with most of the other reviewers on this one . This is a dreadful , dreary awful movie . With Dennis Hopper in it , I was hoping for more than a B movie . The story line is a good one , a true story about a Russian submarine able to sneak into Norwegian waters . The acting is poor , the characters are predictable . The action star even drives a Trans Am -LRB- in Norway non the less -RRB- . If you like submarine movies , there is about 30 seconds of submarine time in the whole movie . Even the Michael Dudikoff sub movies are better than this one . : -RRB-
 The movie was satisfactory as far as the plot . The DVD was terrible in the transfer . I 've had this movie about six months and have attempted to watch it many times , but never got past the first 15 minutes due to the poor quality of sound and picture . I finally watched it completely and only give it 2 stars for the basic plot which was only satisfactory .
 Dennis Hopper 's THE INSIDE MAN -LRB- aka `` Slagsk&auml;mpen '' -RRB- is not to be confused with Spike Lee ` sINSIDE MAN -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . This Cold War spy flick is a joint Swedish-British production done in English . It 's based on a Swedish best seller about an actual incident
 As we used to say in the submarine service ... you get a double punch on your Hurter Card for sitting through this . How did they get Dennis Hopper to sign on for this one ? It looks like it was filmed with a camcorder . During the semi-nude scenes I found myself looking for holes in their underwear . I 'll give it 2 stars since it was in color and had sound .
 This film , set and filmed in Sweden , had the potentials to be a good cold war thriller . After all , they have some good actors , like Dennis Hopper . Unfortunately , the story is not that great and the pace is slow . It 's not an awful movie but it 's also not as entertaining as it could have been . Nice to see G&ouml;sta Ekman and Dennis Hopper together , and Lena Endre , who has since become one of Sweden 's most famous actresses , made her film debut in this one.The movie is something of a curiousity piece and even though I did n't think it was very good , I 'm glad I have seen it , and there are cheap DVD editions , so if you 're curious about it , go ahead and spend five or six dollars on it , but do n't expect too much .
 Rec 'd as a gag gift and will get even with donor later . This is a compilation set of one to eight minute -LRB- or so -RRB- long snippets of burlesque -LRB- sp -RRB- shorts . Dated from the early 20 's to the 50 's judging by the setting . Twenties type jazz plays over some tough looking broads shaking and prancing until they are topless ... at least , most of them . No full nudity . I assume that these are transfers from old 8mm loops shown at the smokers I heard about as a kid . No wonder my dad would n't go to them . Has some interest in that it shows the changing standard of beauty . Some of these ladies look like they 've had a really hard life . Most are , how to say this politely , not svelte . Really tame by today 's standards and user will see more flesh in almost any R rated movies ! THis is the type of material that is watched once , with expectations that are not met and then never watched again . It is also one of those things which is more interesting to talk about -LRB- or snark about -RRB- than actually watching . The one star for for historical interest . I am wondering where I can donate this .
 My 3 year old son loves Elmo , and since I think Elmo videos are very educational -LRB- even though my husband CAN NOT stand Elmo ! -RRB- , we own many Elmo DVDs , but I am extremely disappointed in this one . They spent most of the time showing kids singing off-key and mumbling the lyrics , Elmo barely sang anything ! THe only good parts in this DVD probably only lasted 15 minutes -LRB- the actually singing parts -RRB- . I would NOT recommend this DVD at all !
 This video scared my son so much we had to throw it out , at his insistance . There is a giant run away meatball from the `` on top of spaghetti '' song that appears thoughtout the show which scares him so much he does n't even want his little sister to watch it . I 'll admit this is probably an extreme reaction but just wanted people to be aware that it could scare other kids .
 This video focuses on children trying to sing their favorite songs . You do n't see very many Sesame Street characters ; it 's mostly about other children . It lost my son 's attention -LRB- 14 months old -RRB- almost immediately.The first video -LRB- Kids ' Favorite Songs -RRB- shows Sesame Street characters singing , and he loves this .
 My kids -LRB- age3 , boy & girl -RRB- love '' KIDS FAVORITE SONGS '' video . So I purhased this video for them . We do not want to watch an interview program ! I want to give my kids song video . I had been deceived by that title .
 I hated this video . The favorite songs # 1 is great . My 9 month old daughter loves it . What a disapointment the second one was . They do n't have enough of the Sesame Street characters in it . It 's a lot of clips of kids talking and singing and bad cartoons .
 Not enough Elmo and Sesame Street characters . It 's mostly little kids singing and not very clearly so if you want to teach your little ones the songs it wo n't work . My kids did n't like it either .
 I was very disapppointed with this DVD . We loved the first Kid 's Favorite Songs so we were really looking forward to the second one . They spent too much time interviewing little kids and too little time actually singing the songs.Don ' t waste your money on this one . I highly recommend Kids Favorite Songs -LRB- 1 -RRB- , The Best of Elmo , and Do the Alphabet .
 I should have listened to the reviews on here , but I thought I would give it a chance since my daughter loves a lot of the songs . It would have been fine if it were just the muppets singing , but having the kids singing in the video is terrible . My daughter did n't like it and I ca n't blame her !
 We have the first video Kids Favorite Songs , which my son just adores . I was so thrilled to find out that there was a second edition , and bought it for Christmas . It is terrible . He could care less about this video . It is not entertaining at all since they use mostly kids that ca n't sing , and hardly any puppets like the first one . Very dissapointed and a waste of money . Do not recommend !
 I bought this DVD for my toddler because he loves Grover more than any character on Sesame Street . I was disappointed that Grover nor Cookie Monster who were both on the cover were in film at all . Very misleading ! Also a bit heavy on kids talking and singing their favorite songs not as much characters and muppets as there should be . Not very entertaining as far as Sesame Street DVDs go . Better spending your money on another title .
 They say Cassavettes opened the door for the independent film movement with Shadows , and that is probably why any importance is still attached to this film - that and the fact that Cassavettes had a long and important career after this.This movie is a true ` beat ' movie
 This was one of my favorite shows of all time . But this DVD was a huge let down . First it is only four episodes . And it is the fist four that were not the best shows . The program got funnier and far better as time went along . Grandpa does n't evan have his trade mark limp in these episodes .
 All shows on this set are the edited versions . Each show is missing more than 3 minutes of footage . The other set from this company is the same . If you want the original un-cut versions then skip these . If you do n't mind having missing footage , then go for it . Personally , I would rather '' NOT '' have something than have shows the way these are .
 Chord soloing is playing chords over a melody . Doing this on a guitar faces some challenges
 The film itself is what you would call a POS . Too many parodies that lose sight of the actual story and rely far too much on gross out humor . Only this film is more gross in its obnoxiousness than sight gags . However the one shining point that saves this film is Jennifer Coolidge as the Streisand send-up Jewish mother . The woman could be hilarious as a funeral .
 Date Movie should be shown non-stop to all captured Al Qaeda prisoners - only mass-murdering terrorists deserve the kind of cruel and unusual punishment this film dishes out from start to finish . Let me be perfectly clear about this
 I have to admit the previews showcase this movie really well but unfortunately they did n't deliver . This movie ended up misleading a lot of viewers due to its lack of creativity . Can you imagine the audience 's reaction in the theater watching this film , if you turn your head either left or right you would have been provided more laughs than the actual movie itself.I for one could not decide whether I find it comical or depressing that this film managed to parody movie scenes and make them worse . Truly , the people saying these writers are talented are wrong , it takes true talent to be able to make something like this work . The movie is a complete non squinter too . In one scene , after the family has toasted at the rehearsal wedding dinner table , Lil ' Jon comes in and says , `` What ? Yeeeeeah . Okay . '' and that 's the punch line . Pointless.On the whole , though , 95 % of this movie is just mind-numbingly bad . And not just because it has a lot of toilet humor and fat person jokes . The worst parts of the movie are the ones that are not only devoid of humor , but they just flat out are so stupid they do n't make sense . I 've never had an experience where I 've sat through an hour and a half film and felt like I was watching a bunch of two minute clips of stupidity that had almost nothing to do with each other . `` Date Movie '' was all over the place and clearly done a mess on itself . But I tell you what I scored pretty high on naming all the spoofs . Honestly stick with the movies that know what there doing , you know who they are .
 Date Movie is a disgusting and witless parody of romantic comedies that tries to be funny because it makes fun of movies such as MEET THE FOCKERS , WHEN HARRY MET SALLY and such . But it turns out flat.STORY
 I wish I could have given this movie less than one star . It sucked . I only could stomach 20 minuits of the movie before I walked out of the movie theatre.I had wanted to see it because of Allyson Hannigan because I liked her from How I Met Your Mother . However the characters were just weird and the parady from Meet the Parents with the cat using the bathroom bordered on just plane discusting .
 This has got to be the worst film I have ever seen , and I have seen some pretty bad ones . Parody 's like `` Scary movie '' and `` Not another teen movie '' look like Oscar winning Shakespeare films next to this disaster . Ever since I first saw her on BTVS I have always been a big Alyson Hannigan fan , it is rare to see an actress that can handle both sensitive dramatic scenes AND have a great sense of comic timing , neither of which are evident here , I really would like to see her mix in a few more dramatic roles like she did in `` Beyond the city limits '' -LRB- A Very underrated film !!! -RRB- but one more horrible disaster like this and the great career boost she got from doing BTVS and the American Pie films will have gone right down the tubes . What was her agent thinking even showing her this project ??? Will some director PLEASE save Alyson Hannigan and offer her a great dramatic role to save her career !
 Like the previous one star post stated , you ca n't spoof comedy . I watched the first 30 min of this movie , and for that I am sorry . I apologoze to myself for wasting 30 mins of my life that I can not get back . It 's gone.From what I did see , was 30 min of continual parody 's , so much so , that I really had no idea that there was actually a plot . And to see Fred Willard in this made me sad.Bottem line , do n't waste your time .
 Date Movie stars Alyson Hannigan -LRB- American Pie , Buffy The Vampire Slayer -RRB- as Julia Jones who is overweight at first but then she wants to change her image so she goes to Hitch the date doctor , played by Tony Cox -LRB- Me , Myself & Irene , Bad Santa -RRB- and he `` pimps '' her out and changes her into a vuluptous being and Adam Campbell falls in love with her and they get together , plan to get married but Adam Campbell 's friend Andy , played by Sophie Monk who cant act worth s ** t comes back to ruin the wedding . Spoofs movies like Meet The Fockers , Meet The Parents , Lord Of The Rings , King Kong , Wedding Crashers , Napoleon Dynamite , Kill Bill , Bridget Jones , Wedding Planner and so forth ... who cares ?!!! 2 writers of the Scary Movies wrote this piece of crap ? Appaently they dont have any intelligence at all . The scenes where we are supposed to laugh left me yawning for the doors but I stayed throughout and I cheered when it ended . Go see Dave Chappelle 's Black Party , I recommend you see that then this ... at least it was funny and watchable . This just wasted the talents of a lot of actors that I like . Also starring Eddie Griffin -LRB- Double Take , The New Guy -RRB- , Jennifer Coolidge -LRB- Legally Blonde , Best In Show -RRB- , Fred Willard -LRB- A Mighty Wind , Idle Hands -RRB- , Judah Friedlander -LRB- American Splendor , Feast -RRB- , Marie Matiko , Tom Lenk -LRB- Buffy The Vampire Slayer , Angel -RRB- , Lil Jon and Josh Meyers -LRB- MADTv -RRB- .
 The problem with this film is that it tries way too hard . It does n't let the jokes softly fall but it 's beats the jokes sensless and ruins what could have been funny . Not to mention what other reviewers have already mentioned but this film tries to make funny what has already been proven to be funny . I do want to point out though that this has worked in the past . `` NOT ANOTHER TEEN MOVIE '' spoofed all the teen comedies and it worked because it made fun of the heart and morale of teen comedies , thus pointing at the emotional core and making you laugh at it . It was hilarious and much much better than this mess . That and the fact that the acting is awful and the jokes are over done and rediculous . The fatsuit part was funny , but the `` pimp your ride '' spoof was so retarded I almost walked out , and that was only 5 minutes into the movie . The only funny scene to me involved the spoof on Meet the Parents house cat Jinxy , but even that was over the top and only funny to those with sick minds . I suggest you skip this movie because it will only dissapoint . Rent the films this movie spoofs ... they are actually funny and worth the money to rent them .
 Why waste a perfect 2 minutes typing a review on how terrible this flick was ... Trust me JUST TRUST ME!Date Movie was boring .
 I am quite glad I did not buy this movie . The jokes are just stupid , I did n't laugh a single time during the first 30 minutes . Do n't ask me about the rest of the film , to prevent permament brain damage I had to abort after half an hour.I quickly went though the rest of the film looking for some nudity , but nothing there to see . If you want to see more of Sophie Monk , `` Sex and Death 101 '' should do the trick ... Conclusion
 A good laugh , but only if you have seen a lot of `` date movies '' - which is the only true way to see the humor in this movie . I was surprised that they dug back as far as they did - I expected it would be just current `` date '' movies . Went back to Pretty Woman and even Say Anything ! Definitely a rental - wait for the dvd !
 It 's simply unbeliavable the choices Alyson Hannigan is making when it comes to her acting career in the movies ... This atrocious piece of celluloid is one of the worst movies of the year . Its short 80 minutes are almost unbearable , filled with bad jokes and bad taste all around . Enough ... I just wan na warn you
 This has to be the worst movie i have ever seen ! I dont mind if they parodied other films , but all they do is take the exact scene from them and just make them stupider . Atleast they put a twist on them in the Scary Movie series . Aside from that , the whole moivie is NOT FUNNY AT ALL , just gross/stupid . In conclusion , this sucks . Avoid at all costs .
 I saw the preview for this movie and thought it 'd bepretty funny . The Napolean Dynamite scene is one of thehighlights , and that occurs in the first scene . Unfortunately , it 's all downhill from there . A big chunk of the movie isparodies of Meet the Parents and Meet the Fockers . Tryingto parody a classic comedy is like going to karaoke night andtrying to sing a Celine Dion song . At best , it 's tolerable.Worst case scenerio , well ... . you get the idea . Nowhere nearas funny as the Scary Movie movies .
 Exaggeration do NOT make funny movie moments . That the whole problem with this one , they exagerate every spoof to the point where it just starts getting on youre nervs . Stop making these types of movies ... well at least for some time .
 This movie is so awful that there is not a single funny scene or line in the entire film . There are spoofs on Bridget Jones ' Diary , Meet the Parents , Sweet Home Alabama , etc. , but the spoofs are simply NOT FUNNY ! Sometimes the spoofs are so gross -LRB- e.g. man chewing on another man 's chest hair -RRB- that you want to puke , not laugh.I actually liked Scary Movie and some of its sequels , and decided to give this movie a try . Big mistake!Stupidity does n't get any lower . This DVD is n't worth a penny !
 I 've alread wasted an hour and a half of my life watching this movie . And beleive me that 's time I 'd like to have back . It pains me to have to spend anymore time dwelling on this drivel.There are two major problems with this film . First and foremost it 's not funny . Maybe I missed an e-mail or a memo or something but I thought comedies were supposed to be funny . And secondly why is this movie '' unrated '' . I saw nothing in here that would n't have been above a PG-13 . My only guess is that without '' unrated '' plastered on the cover it would n't have appealed to such a wide audience.The four writers who had nothing to do with this movie have to be some of the smartest people in the world . So if you 're eyeing this movie in the rental store , my only advice to you is to slowly back away and move on to the next movie on your list . Do that and you 'll be lucky enough to be considered in the same breath as those four writers ... some of the smartest people in the world .
 I saw this DVD at a friend 's house a few weeks ago.While Alyson Hannigan was a great actress , the movie relied TOO MUCH on bathroom humor . I enjoyed the comedic scenes and the allusions to other movies , but the gross factor in several skits seemed excessive . In addition , while there was great humor , the movie seemed too much like its predeccesor , the `` Scary Movie '' series . If you truly want vomit-producing humor , get this . Otherwise , there are better comedies available .
 Let me first say I love Alyson Hannigan . I really wanted to like this movie given this is her first major movie role.But alas , this movie is crap . With the exception of a few chuckles here and there , this is something to watch while you 're websurfing or talking on the phone - giving it your full attention is not only unnecessary but almost painful . The jokes are bad , predictable , and worst of all , not funny.If you have any interest in this movie I strongly recommend you RENT IT first before you spend money on it.I can only hope that Alyson 's next movie is of higher caliber . : -LRB-
 I hate this film so much I ca n't even explain it . The only funny thing about this film is how bad it is .
 The writers of this movie thought that referencing dozens of different movies would make a comedy . No . There has to be jokes , funny jokes . There needs to be something humorously said about the original films to make it a satire . I have seen many of the films this movie `` spoofs '' including Napoleon Dynamite , When Harry Met Sally , Mr. and Mrs. Smith , Hitch , My Big Fat Greek Wedding , The Wedding Planner , Jerry Maguire , Sleepless in Seattle , and How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days and ALL of them are funnier than Date Movie . It really is pointless to spoof comedies . The writers do n't even reference date movies all the time . They reference King Kong , Lord of the Rings , Star Wars , and it does n't work . Even the so-so Scary Movie films have something to say about the films they are spoofing . Not only was it terribly unfunny , it was sick . I like Monty Python and American Pie but when a cat starts humping a decayed human torso I draw the line.The writers of this film also made Epic Movie . I saw Date Movie on DVD . I will not see Epic Movie ever or any other film made by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer . It is a sad time in our world and an extremely small part of that sadness is the fact that movies like these are made and make millions at the box office .
 `` Date Movie '' is about an overweight girl who suddenly gets slimmer and starts dating . Being a huge fan of Allyson Hannigan and the nonsensical spoof genre -LRB- `` Scare Movie '' , `` Naked Gun '' series , `` Hot Shots '' , etc -RRB- , I expected to be entertained . Normally , this kind of movies are great at revealing contemporary Hollywood clich&eacute;s and pretensions . However , this movie is criminally bad . The comedic timing is way off . All the gags last longer than they should , as if the editor was asleep when he/she worked on this . When I saw the trailer for this movie , I was excited because date movies are great for spoofing . Unfortunately , half-way through the film the writer ran out of inspiration and decided to spoof other comedies like `` Meet the Fockers '' . Since `` Meet the Fockers '' is a crazy comedy that does n't take itself seriously , spoofing it makes no sense and makes it look like the creators of `` Date Movie '' are simply stealing scenes from another film . The opening dance sequence is perhaps the most hostile and offensive treatment of overweight people ever recorded on film . Too bad this was so bad cuz the cast is pretty good .
 Wow , one of the worst movies we 've rented in a long time . Weak spoofs , bad acting and multiple scenes that left you going WHAT?I ca n't tell you how often I was confused by some scenes that ended in a really bad placed joke that so disrupted the already weak thread of the plot.This movie stank , the spoofs stank , the writing and acting stank . Do n't spend a dime or a minute on it .
 this is perhaps the worst movie i have ever seen . it was a total waste of money and i want to light the disk on fire just so i can get some enjoyment out of it .
 Simply the worst movie I 've ever seen . If I could give it negative stars , I would.Dont waste your money .
 Comic spoofs of famous movies have been around for ages . Movies like `` Hotshots '' , `` Naked Gun '' , `` Space Balls '' and `` Scary Movie '' have always had their own place in the world of comic films based on popular Blockbusters.Their equation was simple , take a pulp classic , and ridicule it making obvious relations to the real movie in comedic forms . The audience could say laugh and comment '' haha I remember that scene from Top Gun ! '' . What was important about this genre was the possibility of sequels since popular movies would keep rolling with the times . We get movies with the likes of `` Scary Movie 2 '' and `` Naked Gun 1 & 3/4 '' . A constant stream of ideas to harass.But it seems like Date Movie is going to be the end of a long glorious genre . As we continue to ridicule we begin to realize how many jokes are simply being replayed . Extended to fill space . Seeing a cat pass gas for about 5 seconds may be funny . Having it assume a different position may be humorous . When we watch the cat fart for 2 minutes without stop we stop to wonder . What caused any director to force a scene on for such a long time ? On such a crude joke.The movie itself feels like a series of filler scenes complimented with the good laugh every now and then . On a professional point it looks like a director that had some vision but could not follow through with it into his movie . Some scenes appeared rushed and many jokes were not even integrated and were simply random references in the middle of the movie to other movies.Sometimes you will get a worthwhile laugh.I hope that resulting failure of this movie lies with the director . If not ... It may be that spoofs themselves are losing their comic value . And this is my personal belief . As much as I hope I am wrong , my gut feeling tells me that like all the other movies , usually the first was the best .
 I enjoy spoof movies . I 've seen `` Airplane '' a million times , the Scary Movie franchise still makes me laugh , and the `` Naked Gun '' films were inspired and fresh . Heck , even `` Not Another Teen Movie '' had its funny moments.This film , on the other hand , simply falls flat . I think the writers forgot that to make a spoof , they had to do more than just menetion the movie they are spoofing , or at least make the spoof moment somewhat satirical and entertaining . It 's like they made a list of all the films they wanted to make fun of and then could n't come up with ways to make them funny.Examples :1 -RRB- We need to spoof Pretty Woman ! Let 's have the male star dress up as a hooker and walk down Melrose in a flashback sequence ! Wait a minute , huh ? Why is the male star imitating a female prostitute again ? 2 -RRB- We need to spoof Meet the Parents ! I know , let 's have the goofy Ben Stiller character knock down the urn with the mother 's ashes in it , only THIS time , we 'll have an entire dead body spill out of the urn instead of ashes . Oh that will be a hoot ! And THEN we 'll have the cat go and french kiss the dead body instead of pee on it . That 's hysterical ! 3 -RRB- We need to spoof Kill Bill !! -LRB- Wait ... what ? Is that even a date movie ? -RRB- 4 -RRB- We need to spoof Hitch . I know ! Let 's have a dwarf play some guy named Hitch who gives love advice to our lead female . Hysterical ! 5 -RRB- We need to spoof When Harry Met Sally . I have a great idea . For no reason at all , we 'll start a dinner scene with our male star faking an orgasm -LRB- ridiculously I might add -RRB- . He wo n't be trying to prove a point or anything , he 'll just be wailing around like a dying seal for no reason at all at the beginning of the scene . That will get a huge laugh .6 -RRB- We need to spoof My Big Fat Greek Wedding . So let 's have our female be a member of a huge family , and we 'll have her father be a black man and her mother be Indian . That 's too much humor right there folks.I could go on and on , but I think you get the point . This movie does n't hit the same , satirical notes that better spoof movies do . It just succeeds in mentioning a bunch of date movies and making you feel sick to your stomach while at the same time feeling confused . I guess that 's worth ONE star ...
 This movie is almost too easy a target , and I do n't want to spend much time on it as the essence of this film has been captured effectively by many , many other reviewers . At heart , `` Date Movie '' is just a bit of silliness -- it has no ambition , no goals other than to showcase its preposterous spoofs . Truth be told , I usually do n't mind silly escapist fun -- as long as a picture knows it 's not very good , you ca n't really hold anything else against it . My issue with `` Date Movie , '' thus , is more complex . Movies like `` Scary Movie '' or `` Airplane ! '' have done a great job skewering other films and pop culture icons -- but the primary difference between those films and `` Date Movie '' is that they frame their spoofs and gags around an actual plot.My irritation with `` Date Movie '' comes from its absolute laziness in not even attempting to tell a story . Heck , it does n't even fake it . No , apparently the sheer delight at seeing someone in a fat suit is supposed to carry us through an entire film . The gags are so random -- and do n't get me wrong , you might chuckle occasionally -- they end up making no sense whatsoever . Have we gotten so jaded that we do n't even expect a rudimentary storyline ? It 's sight gag , after sight gag , after sight gag -- with a sound gag thrown in for variety . And it 's not even as if these jokes are clever . By shooting at the easiest pop culture targets and liberally adding unnecessary bodily function humor -- it 's as if the filmmakers expected us to lap all their `` hilarious '' antics up.There are talented people in the cast . Surely Alyson Hannigan -LRB- a star of the small screen -RRB- deserves better . But at least she , and the others , are game and throw themselves into the proceedings -- but to little affect . If I wanted to see sketches and skits with no connection , however , I 'd watch SNL or MadTV -LRB- which might actually be more entertaining -RRB- . `` Date Movie '' misadvertises itself in the title -- there is no movie here ! Normally , like I said , I would n't judge an inoffensive bit of nonsense like this so harshly -- but this negative review goes out to all the creative screenwriters who could n't get decent projects greenlit due to this example of filmmaking by committee . KGHarris , 02/07 .
 This by far has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen . And damn , I 'm in Iraq . We dont get a chance to buy many movies here , so I thought this would give me a good laugh . HAHA , there is the laugh . The comedy comes with the fact that this is supposed to be funny . Anyway , If I have helped at least on person from buying this putrid , piece of cinematic stupidity , then I have been successful . I would have rated this lower but there is no rating below 1 star .
 There was a time when parody was more insightful . While this type of film has never been known to be subtle , a good parody should know its framework and make humor based on it . A good parody winks at the audience while also reveling in some exagerations.Like fellow reviewers here have said , to simply take the plot from a movie and exagerate it does not equal parody . There is nothing subtle about this film , at all . The only humorous parts of the film are seen in the trailers . The majority of everything else can be skipped.If you 're expecting the so-called `` unrated '' edition to fill in the missing pieces and hope that it makes the film better , be warned . Whenever a PG-13 film becomes unrated , it normally means there were maybe one scene , one instance or so that caused it to touch the R rating and so that one scene , joke , word , or what have you was taken out . Still standing at around 85 minutes , this film wo n't be changed much . And , really , that 's one minute more of your life wasted.Speaking of a waste , I 'd rather waste my time watching the movies emulated here or watch Not Another Teen Movie -LRB- and that 's saying something -RRB- than watch this .
 With most movies , I 'm pretty reasonable . I try to give them a chance . One of my frieds wanted to see it , so my girlfriend and I went with him . After watching this movie , I felt I could have wiped my A #S with my $ 8.75 instead of sitting through this abortion of a movie.I know that spoof movies are supposed to be stupid and funny , but this movie was heavy in stupid , and very light in funny . I 've never heard a theater so quiet in a comedy . I think I only heard chuckles during three parts in the movie . The writers just tried too hard to be funny . The movie might have been better if they had concentrated on a few movies and used acting to make it funny , instead of watching a fake cat taking a crap on a toilet . And even that could have been funny if they had n't made the segment a couple of minutes long.I compare this movie with what a guy from our high school did for a talent show . He thought it would be funny to put on a penguin suit and waddled around to classical music . Maybe funny in premise , but turned out to be the most akward and stupid three minutes I 've watched.Now take that three minutes of stupidity , multiply it by 30 , and you have `` Date Movie . '' The only saving grace of this movie is that it 's short .
 After I saw the first two `` Scary Movies '' I decided too see this movie . I thought the Wayans brothers were the two writers , but I can see that I was wrong . This movie is a spoof with no plot and no good jokes . I could hardly understand anything in this movie at all without giving my self a headache ! I myself , a teen , which this movie appealed too did not find this funny . I do n't know why teens like this movie so much.-Ben Russell
 I hate to steal something from someone else 's review , but I ca n't sum up the problem with this movie any better than Eric D. Snider of ErikDSnider.com
 I normally do n't write movie reviews because movies are very subjective but in this case , I 'll make an exception . I had the misfortune of watching this movie , as I 'm a fan of `` dumb comedies '' but this one fails . On every level . Do not waste your time with this one ... TRUST ME ON THIS . It is so bad ; I do n't even know where to begin.Skip it .
 One of the reasons I watched `` Date Movie '' is Alyson Hannigan , star of `` American Pie '' and `` Buffy , the Vampure Slayer . '' And I am a fan of parody movies since the days of masterpieces like `` Airplane ! '' But what I found here is only half-baked jokes , or not even jokes , just references to other better films and of-screen news about celebrities like Michael Jackson and Paris Hilton.I agree with most of the reviewers who found `` Date Movie '' very unfunny . The film contains jokes that are silly , sexual and gross , three major components that are visible in the recent trend of spoofs , but I do n't mind if jokes are silly , sexual and gross . I love them . I watched `` Borat '' which has all of these three , and there are lots of them -LRB- plus politically incorrect jokes -RRB- and I enjoyed the film very much.What is most disappointing about `` Date Movie '' - and the most irritating thing about it - is its laziness . The filmmakers go from one gag to another without developing it . Each joke is not big or clever -LRB- including references to `` Brigit Jones 's Diary , '' Darth Vader , clown dance -LRB- with the soundtrack from `` The Rize , '' etc -RRB- and there is nothing more to that . The film moves on to the next one , trying to find a new target which is not necessarily date movie . Sometimes it does the same joke over and over again . The prolonged `` cat-in-the-bathroom '' joke is unbearable.I almost forgot to mention the star of the film Alyson Hannigan . Sure , she is game , fun to watch , ready to do whatever she has to do -LRB- including embarrassingly unfunny dancing in fat suit and a huge zit -RRB- . And she is sadly wasted .
 What little plot there is to `` Date Movie '' is lost under a sea of unfunny and constant spoofs of other films . From `` Napoleon Dynamite '' to `` Hitch '' to `` Star Wars , '' this Alyson Hannigan vehicle is overloaded with poor references to other films . Heck , it goes so far as to spoof Paris Hilton commercials and `` Girls Gone Wild . `` It starts out rather bland , with a rather large -LRB- think Gwyneth Paltrow from `` Shallow Hal '' -RRB- and lonely Hannigan looking for Mr. Right . Her father , played by Eddie Griffin , is determined to find a husband for her , no matter what his station in life is . Desperate , Hannigan goes to a `` Hitch '' - like man -LRB- Tony Cox -RRB- who helps her drop the pounds and eventually hook-up with a British dude who 's just perfect . Of course , a jealous ex -LRB- `` My Best Friend 's Wedding '' -RRB- pops onto the scene and tries to steal Hannigan 's man . From there , we 're treated to nothing but bad spoofs of just about every film made within the last two decades.As the review title states , this film just is n't funny . Only Eddie Griffin and Tony Cox made me laugh a little . Hannigan just ca n't carry a film like this on her own . She needs back-up , fast.Not recommended . If you want spoof flicks , check out the `` Naked Gun '' flicks . Heck , pick up `` Hot Shots '' for something funnier than this bomb .
 Wow , this movie was terrible . It was n't funny at all and the storyline was kind off dumb.It was about a heavyset woman who wants to be beautiful . So she does this thing like Pimp My Ride , but instead of cars , they do you . So she becomes beautiful and meets this guy and it shows how they get married and this whole comedy-supposed to be romantic story.The part i did like is they take parts from alot of movies . Probably about a good 16-20 movies , but it was n't that great . Scary Movie fans , you WILL be disappointed . See it , if you dare .
 I 'm all for a good laugh . I 'm all for a fun parody . The classics began with the Zucker brothers and their classics with The Naked Gun and Airplane movies . The best . The Scary Movie franchises rolled in and became the top gun . I like those ones , although with decreasing interest with each installment . Now we get this one . Obviously , the romantic comedy/date movie was ripe for it 's own send up , but this one is n't it . The movie has being plugged as from being by `` 2 of the 6 writers of Scary Movie '' . After watching the movie , it was all too apparent that they needed the other 4 writers . There was only one part in the entire movie -LRB- and the end credits kicked in at the 72 minute mark -RRB- that made me laugh . I am not proud of it , but I will get to that later . So , what do we have here ? . A misguided and mostly unfunny affair that 's only sole saving grace is the presence of the undeniably charming and adorable Alyson Hannigan . She plays Julia Jones , a rather repulsive girl on the `` quite heavy '' side . She is love lorn and looking for the right guy . It 's not happening . She meets up with a love doctor named Hitch -LRB- played by Tony Cox -RRB- , who transforms her into a beauty and helps her get onto a Bachelor type show where she meets her Prince Charming . The rest is basically scenes taped together with not much of a story . Oh , of course , I forgot . He has an ex that wants him back . Yada yada . The movie has a more than adequate cast . Fred Willard and Jennifer Coolidge , who I adore , both pop in and make the most of their roles , which spoof those of Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand in `` Meet The Fockers '' . Oh , did I mention Prince Charming 's name ? . Never mind . It 's too obvious . Elsewhere , Eddie Griffin plays Hannigan 's dad -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- , and Mad TV alumni Josh Meyers pops in twice as Owen Wilson and Napoleon Dynamite . A few of the movies they spoof either do n't fit , or seem too over-dated to carry much weight for anyone to really care . Other times the jokes and spoofs come and feel so unconnected and pointless with everything else that 's going on . That 's not fun or funny . It 's just annoying . What was spoofed here ? . Meet The Fockers , Kill Bill , The Lord Of The Rings , King Kong , Napoleon Dynamite , My Best Friend 's Wedding , and so on . So , what about that one part that made me laugh ? . Well , not surprisingly , it 's bathroom humor at the lowest level . It 's spoofing the cat Jinx from the Meet The Parents movies , and how the De Niro character trained him to use a toilet . Uh huh . I think you know where this is going . The cat is walked in on during a rather strenuous trip to the latrine . I laughed . I 'll admit it , but shamefully . There is still something about that kind of low brow humor that draws a chuckle -LRB- or a hearty laugh -RRB- . Something like that will still have a place in us . As Rogert Ebert once said , `` May I never lose it '' . This scene pretty much tells you everything about the movie when the funniest part is an animatronic cat having a major bowel movement on the can .
 I heard bad things about this movie but it would n't have been the first time I like a movie that was getting bad reviews , but oh boy was I wrong . This movie is horrible , not funny at all . I did n't like any of the Scary Movies , have n't seen the last one and I 'm not planning to , so when I saw they were promoting this movie as been brought by 2 of the masterminds behind the Scary Movies I was n't expecting much , but still I gave it a chance , and now I hate myself for it . Where there any writers involve in this ? They just throw parts of other movies randomly and they did n't even try to make it funny.I really ca n't explain what 's happening lately with all these Teen Comedies coming out from Hollywood , hardly any of them are worth watching . Last week I watch the Korean teen comedy `` Sex is Zero '' for the second time and it was hilarious , why ca n't they make a movie like this one ? If you are planning on watching `` Date Movie '' , wo n't , save your money or better yet , get `` Sex is Zero '' and have a great time .
 This film is a spoof of a lot of other films in the same tradition as Not Another Teen Movie and Scary Movie . Only those films have redeeming qualities while the entire existence of this film is one big goof.Eddie Griffin does a pretty good job considering the bad material he was given ; but this movie is just ridiculous.I only chuckled 4 times :1 . One scene involving a Britney and K-Fed spoof .2 . An Eddie Griffin line when he 's spoofing Robert DeNiro from Meet the Parents .3 . When the main male character -LRB- I do n't even care enough to remember or look up their character names -RRB- is parodying Brad Pitt from Mr. and Mrs. Smith during the psychiatry session .4 . During the Hitch spoof , the midget guy is pointing to pictures of all of the celebrity couples he 's responsible for putting together even though they are no longer together . e.g. Tom and Nicole , Ben and Jen , Brad and Jen , Matt and Ben , Anne and Ellen , etc.Bottom Line
 I checked out `` Date Movie '' because it stars Alyson Hannigan . For years when I touted `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' as the best show on television people told me it must be because I thought Sarah Michelle Gellar was hot . I always said she was okay , but the one I liked was Alyson Hannigan as Willow because she was smart , cute and funny , a rare combination -LRB- for example , Tina Fey is on the short list -RRB- . Her limited success in movies is based on what happened in `` American Pie , '' where she had the funniest two lines , the second of which -LRB- `` Same my name ... '' -RRB- , was an ad-lib . Hannigan has been the female lead in a movie that opened # 1 at the box office -LRB- `` American Wedding '' -RRB- , but while she has found another good television role as Lily on `` How I Met Your Mother , '' her movie career is floundering . Her next gig is voice work for the mocumentary `` Farce of the Penguins , '' which actually might be a step up given her first leading role in `` Date Movie . `` I compare `` Date Movie '' to `` Airplane ! '' , the film that remains the standard by all such kitchen sink comedies need to be judged , and the obvious difference is that with `` Airplane ! '' just knowing the genre is enough to get all of the jokes in the movie . But with `` Date Movie , '' like with the `` Scary Movie '' franchise , you really need to have seen all of the movies it is parodizing . We start off with Hannigan in a fat suit -LRB- `` Shallow Hall '' -RRB- , keeping up with her diary -LRB- `` Bridget Jones 's Diary '' -RRB- , standing on a subway grate -LRB- `` The Seven Year Itch '' -RRB- , working in her family restaurant -LRB- `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' -RRB- , and going to see a matchmaker -LRB- `` Hitch '' -RRB- . She then meets the man of her dreams on a TV reality show -LRB- `` The Bachelor '' -RRB- , eat at A Restaurant -LRB- `` When Harry Met Sally '' -RRB- , and since his last name turns out to be Funkyerdoder the primary template for this movie ends up being `` Meet the Fockers . '' Somehow , making a sequel the template strikes me as a major mistake , even if one of the few times I actually laughed -LRB- mom in the urn on the mantle -RRB- , came in this segment . But if you did not really find a movie that was supposed to be a comedy all that funny , then trying to do a parody of it is just not worth the effort.The movie also works in `` My Best Friend 's Wedding , '' `` Pretty Woman , '' `` Kill Bill
 How bad is this movie?It 's marginally better than `` Epic Movie , '' which is not saying a lot . This is mostly because of Alyson Hannigan as `` Julia Jones , '' an obese waitress in a Greek diner who dreams of finding True Love -LRB- but not before a makeover ! -RRB- and Adam Campbell , who plays the WASPy love interest Grant - I ca n't spell his last name , but trust me , it 's `` funny . '' Many , many romantic films , such as `` Pretty Woman , '' `` When Harry Met Sally , '' and more recent ones are parodied , as well as TV shows , high tech gadgets . celebrities and other pop culture phenomenon . Other movies which do n't fall under the romance genre are spoofed as well . Like `` Napoleon Dynamite . '' Which sounds humorous perhaps , but it 's not . The guy in the cubicle next to yours probably has a better imitation . At any rate , imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery , but without a twist of originality , the joke falls flat . It 's like the filmmakers pulled a bunch of things to mock out of a hat and then put them all in a blender and pressed High for the ultimate in noxious pop culture blends . Recommended only for die-hard Hannigan fans or perhaps the inebriated.Dissing this movie is like double parking in the `` Handicapped '' space so I 'll stop now .
 I 'm tired of all these movies claiming to be the Unrated Version and not offering a single thing that would n't be included without exception in a PG-13 movie . Add to that only seven or eight decent laughs in the whole movie and I 'm pretty ticked-off . Explaining the spoofs would actually be funnier than the movie , so I wo n't do it.Tried and true spoof formula is not properly hashed out in cheap attempt to cash-in on quarter-of-a-century craze -LRB- Airplane 1980 -RRB- . Top Secret , Hot Shot , Hot Shot Part Deux and Not Another Teen Movie are much examples of this -LRB- art -RRB- form.Might have given it two stars if they left the Unrated off the box.A lot more of Josh Meyers might have helped .
 Okay , I am always open to fine parody . I was raised on MAD magazine and saw `` Airplane '' back in the day . If it is funny , then it is good , when it comes to parody.Trouble is , `` Date Movie '' is n't funny.I think Alyson Hannigan 's performance was good , as were the performances by Eddie Griffin and the others . Acting can not compensate for poor script writing and a movie whose humor is not even sophisticated enough for an eighteen year old!I am glad that the movie did n't include any actual nudity -LRB- even the `` UNRATED '' version -- which must have included some extra curse words that the theater version did not -RRB- . By being free of nudity , one can envision that the writers may have been targeting the eight to ten year old crowd with this movie . -LRB- This thought occurred to me as an unbearable scene of a cat on a toilet making rude noises while defecating seemed to drag on for what seemed like ten or fifteen squirmingly uncomfortable minutes . -RRB- If , in fact , the movie was meant for eight-to-ten-year-olds , the producers may want to advertise as such and not include pop culture references to movies such as `` My Best Friend 's Wedding '' , which may have been too long ago to have been a shared experience with the intended audience.I really do yearn for a funny , smart parody of the biggest movies . After seeing `` Date Movie '' , I continue to yearn , but I now may shy away from anything like this in the future .
 Really , I do n't even want to go in depth and pick the movie apart . It is n't worth my time , and I 'm just doing a review to save some of you people from spending movie on a terrible movie . The plot was dumb -LRB- and not in a good kind of way with spoof movies -RRB- . Two main problems :1 -- a parody was thrown in that had NOTHING to do with the style of movie -LRB- ex : Kill Bill -RRB- 2 -- a parody which was `` date '' movie related was put in just for the sake of adding something in without working it in the proper way becasue the writers could n't think of an idea or were jsut plain lazyIt 's kind of hard for me to word , but hopefully people will get what I 'm saying and spend their money elsewhere ... the only positive thing is this movie was short -LRB- 1 hour and 13 minutes -RRB- , and I really could n't wait for it to end
 As far as spoofs go , this one is the absolute worst . It 's no wonder that it was released in theaters in February and not during the holiday or summer seasons . This movie is not funny because it is simply lazy . It offers up pop cultural references but does not do anything remotely funny with them . It 's as if the writers assumed that audiences would be so amused to recognize a reference that anything beyond the reference would be superfluous . As such , we are treated to `` parodies '' of Pretty Woman , My Best Friend 's Wedding , My Big Fat Greek Wedding et al , that go nowhere fast -LRB- literally , the movie is less than 90 minutes -RRB- . Some parts of the movie are downright offensive . There is a scene early in the movie where the main characters , on a date , beat up a homeless person for no reason . Given recent stories in the news of homeless people being viciously attacked and killed , this scene was completely inappropriate and pretty much soured me on the film . In another review posted here , a reviewer indicated that people were walking out of the theater when he saw it . I 'm not surprised .
 This movie is by far the worst movie ever !!! I 'm so pissed that I even watched it . The fact that I sat through this piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- is my ONLY regret in life . Seriously ... It 's not funny . It 's not ... damn , it 's not anything ... I wanted to walk out of the theater so bad , but unfortunately , I 'm cheap ... so unfortunately I stayed.You 're gon na watch it anyway , but do n't say I did n't warn you !!!
 the sad thing about me giving this movie a horrible rating is that i love comedies and did n't even expect it to be watchable . it seems like every year there is a new trend or two for movies . the past five or six years , i would bet that at least 1/3 of the theatrical releases have been either sequels , remakes , or spoofs of other movies . the reason `` scary movie '' works -LRB- assuming it works because a third sequel is in the making -RRB- is because it lampoons supposed scary movies for comedic effect . you know its a bad sign when the movies that DATE MOVIE makes fun of are funnier than the movie itself . also , to all the directors out there
 NO SPOILERS , NO FEARS ! I do mention what it parodies in parts , but no scenes are actually given.The whole parody movie thing goes way back to the 60s and 70s with classics like Blazing Saddles and the Monte Python movies and beyond . Lately , in the new wave of parodies
 I was still willing to give this film a chance , even after seeing the abomination calledDisaster Movie -LRB- Unrated Widescreen -RRB- , from the talentless hacks Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer -LRB- They need to be banned from making films -RRB- . While Date Movie seems like a masterpiece compared to the horrendous Disaster Movie , it still sucked . This film was nothing more than a boring romantic comedy , with several spoofs of better films thrown in . You have much better comedy options to choose than this.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 Thanks to the magic of a love doctor named Hitch -LRB- Tony Cox -RRB- , former fat slob turned thin beauty Julia Jones -LRB- Alyson Hannigan -RRB- meets the man of her dreams named Grant Fockeydoer -LRB- Adam Campbell -RRB- as the dates go successful . But when he preposes to her , they have to meet each others parents , plan their big fat greek wedding , and survive the terrible friend of Grant named Andy -LRB- Sophie Monk -RRB- . Horrible parody of romantic movies and comedies alike like `` Meet the Parents/Fockers '' , `` My Best Friend 's Wedding '' , `` Napoleon Dynamite '' , `` Say Anything '' , etc. including some non-romantic movies like `` Kill Bill '' , `` Lord of the Rings '' , `` Star Wars Episode III '' and such all as the directorial debuts from Jason Friedberg and Aaron Setlzer . While not as godawful as `` Meet The Spartans '' or `` Epic Movie '' , this is still a very bad spoof that just uses pop culture references rather then solid laughs like in a real spoof movie by Mel Brooks or David Zucker . Fred Willard with Jennifer Coolidge and Eddie Griffin co-star but they ca n't save this disaster of a so-called spoof although Hannigan and Monk are sexy as hell in this movie.This DVD has suprisingly alot of extras as if this dung-pile was treated as a quality movie with stuff like deleted scenes , play with laugh-track , commentaries , extended scenes , alternate scenes , featurettes , Gag reel , TV Spots , and screen savers . Avoid this trash like the plague and seek a real parody and not these atrocious Friedberg and Seltzer duds !
 This is quite possibly the stupidest movie ever made . With a number of spoofs coming out in recent years , the producers of this film have tried to cash in on the trend and failed . For starters , they hired the wrong scriptwriters . Well thats basically it , they managed to sabotage this movie on their own . The idea was good , but the execution was poor . The cast was promising and well selected , but sadly did n't have a lot to work with.The first 15 minutes were actually quite good and very funny and I thought this was going to be a very good movie , but sadly , it nose-dived from here . Instead of focusing on 3 or 4 films to take the mocker out of , it got stuck into way too many and things just get carried away.There are a few very funny scenes , involving either Tony Cox or a cat who drew the biggest laugh out of meStoned teenagers may get a kick out of this movie , but anyone else with half a brain will find this the longest 80 minutes of their life . Not worth the money Im sorry to say.And another thing , I do n't understand what all the fuss about Sophie Monk is . She is completely talentless and has nothing to offer to this film or any film whatsoever .
 I 'm giving this DVD an extra star only because of the presence of Alyson Hannigan , who is so effortlessly charismatic , funny , and lovely that she almost makes it worth sitting through . Otherwise , this is a movie that suffers from `` Family Guy '' disease ; the writers think that a random reference to another movie or TV show is the same thing as a joke . So they have an actress re-enact the Paris Hilton hamburger commerical ; or stick Hannigan in Uma Thurman 's yellow `` Kill Bill '' track suit and give her a sword to wave around . And then they do n't try to be clever or put a funny spin on these ; they just hope the 13-year-old boys in the audience will recognize the reference and think that 's enough . One hopes that better filmmakers will see Hannigan 's star power and put her in funnier movies , so we can all just forget about this one .
 Date movie seems like a good idea for making fun of all the mainstream Hollywood romantic hits like Bridgette Jone 's Diary , The Wedding Planner , When Harry Met Sally , Pretty Woman and so on ... Do n't let the movie 's poster mislead you to think that the Napoleon Dynamite and Owen Wilson , and JLo characters are the plots of the film . These characters are mere cameos and they simply made fun of their physical behaviors and body parts . No JLo fans would want to see that sort of thing on film . The opening dance number rendered by the over-sized `` Julia Jones '' character is nothing funny and it 's just purely insulting to the Zellwegger movie and overweight people . Very cheessy and cheap scenes like Eddie Griffith 's character rubbing his face against an ultra-hairy man 's chest and the sweat and a big chunk of hair got inside his mouth is supposed to be funny ?! Oh yeah , and they even made fun of Barbara Streisand in Meet the Fockers , and Uma and Daryl from Kill Bill . I actually enjoyed those Scary Movies , but Date Movie written by the same writers and not have the same kind of effect as comedy parodies . It 's been a total no-brainer experience to endure this Date .
 I saw this movie in the theatre and thought it was pretty bad , save for the toilet using cat -LRB- hey , that 's as lowbrow as it gets , but try not to laugh -RRB- . The `` Hitch '' thing was funny initially and I also enjoyed the absurdity of the `` Kill Bill '' spoof and Paris Hilton 's burger commercial . Those three or four moments earn this flick its one star ; everything else is either predictable and unfunny -LRB- or predictably unfunny -RRB- or far worse . The theatre was mostly silent during the whole affair -LRB- I counted two couples who walked out -RRB- . I was often the only one who could be heard laughing and I 'm saying I thought the movie sucked -LRB- I guess I got more of the movie references than the rest of the people there , that 's not to say they were actually all that funny , but I had to find something to laugh at -RRB- . It seemed to get worse , less funny , run out of ideas and get more random and tedious as it went along . The last 15 to 20 minutes is a dreadful hodgepodge of random , lame ideas ; and , while the movie is rather short , I was squirming and checking my watch about halfway through.Maybe this would play better at home and with lowered expectations -LRB- not that mine were all that high ; these movie-spoofs have been pretty week the last few years -RRB- . My theory is these are now being made for a less discriminating and younger audience . As with the new `` Scary Movie , '' er , movie , all the `` this is the funniest movie I 've ever seen '' reviews here at Amazon are coming from a bunch of kids . Now , I 'm not that old myself , but the generation gap between generations X and Y is truly bigger than I ever imagined . If you 're between 10 and 17 this might be for you . Those of us around long enough to see and appreciate truly great spoof movies will think this film verges on sacrilege . Leslie Nielson and the Zuckers would be rolling over in their graves , had they died 5 years ago.Normally I would never say I would consider watching such a lousy movie again , but as always happens I am intrigued when the `` Unrated Version '' is released . Usually DVDs that slap `` Unrated '' across the box actually include very few actual `` unrated '' - worthy scenes . Unless a movie as already rather raunchy , that `` Unrated '' is just used as a marketing tool and you never can tell what is really different about the new version . `` Date Movie '' has a fare amount of lite-raunch , so the potential is there that some heavier stuff was left on the cutting room floor . Until I see a few reviews saying this is indeed the case I 'm not gon na risk it . You may at your own risk , then let me know . C'mon guys , lets see some reviews that compare the two.Till then , rent this version at your own risk .
 Watching this made me feel so bad for the actors . You can tell the actors have a lot of talent but the script is so awful , there was n't much they could do . I love spoof movies but I did n't laugh once at this movie . It was so bad I had to bail out , could n't watch the whole thing . How did Hollywood greenlight this movie ?
 Comedy is a very delicate art . Timing is essential . If you make a film with a series of parodies and one-liners , if the first five jokes/parodies do n't work , that sets up the viewer to pre-judge the rest of the movie negatively . That is what we have here . During the parody of The Bachelor -LRB- ABC-TV reality show -RRB- where the women are blown away with a shotgun by a bachelor with a satisfied grin , it just made the rest of the politically incorrect and tasteless jokes even more offensive.I actually feel sorry for , and pity , people who love this film . I would bet these people have criminal records .
 I went into Date Movie with my head held high . From the commercials , I noticed that 2 of the 6 writers of Scary Movie wrote/co-wrote this movie . I do n't care if they were deathly ill and writing this movie was their last wish ... it should not have been done . Especially since buying a movie ticket these days is alomst ten dollars , what a rip-off . But anyways , I still went in to the movie with my head held high because of my love for the Scary Movie bunch and what I thought would be a good laugh.Newsbreak , I did n't laugh once . I did n't even smile once . Actually , I take that back , I smiled when it was over . I cringed though , during the spoof of Along Came Polly with the hairball getting entangled into blondies mouth , that was a cringing moment right there , nothing funny about it . I do n't even get why they needed writers for this movie , all it was was a bunch of spoofs put together.The funny thing is , is that they are already spoofing funny movies . It 's sort of hard to do a funny spoof on a funny movie ... it just dos n't work , you just end up reinacting the scene and looking like a dumbass.This movie is a poor excuse to waste film . It 's unfunny , painfully long , and a bit on the `` want to throw up now please '' side of the movie spectrum of Hollywood . Please , please , please , if you read this review , take my advice if you have n't already endured the pain of watching this movie . I give this movie an F rating .
 Bad as bad gets . The film is not funny at all not one bit funny not at all . The film iss o bad you wan na shut it off from the first bad joke to the next . I dont know how I made it through the whole film . The jokes are lame and not funny there so bad your laughing becosue the movie is terrable . Overall one of 2006 worse movies .
 Date Movie has some funny moments . But they are the kind of funny moments where you are almost embarrassed to find yourself laughing at these completely retarded , senseless jokes that should only be funny to those around the age of 10 . The reason that Date Movie really does n't work is the fact that a lot of the movies that it spoofs are already comedies . Therefore , all the funny moments are basically just retreads of the funny parts of actual good comedies released over the past few years . If you wan na know the basic trend of the jokes in Date Movie , go rent your favorite romantic comedy , and imagine all the jokes in that movie if they were blatantly sexualized or made so unimaginably disgusting that even I could barely handle what I was watching . There is no redeeming quality or character to Date Movie . The movie has about 4 or 5 funny moments , and will be completely offensive to most of the people who decide to throw down 7 bucks to see it .
 Years ago , David & Jerry Zucker came on the scene and gave us such classics as Kentucky Fried Movie , Airplane , Top Secret , Scary Movie 3 & Naked Gun . Many have tried and failed miserably to copy their formula . Movies with low concept and many off-the-wall side stories that may or may not have anything to do with that concept . Jokes flying around like a whirlwind . Never knowing what tangent their going to go off on next.In my mind , there has only been one successful duplication of the Zucker comedy niche , possibly 2 . I 'm GON NA GET YOU SUCKA ! and the first 2 SCARY MOVIEs . Both by the Wayans brothers.All of these movies , especially those by the Zucker 's are masters at setup & execution . There 's a method to the madness . There 's a reason for the joke , and the performers are just as surprised as we are.DATE MOVIE on the other hand , is so bad , it 's shocking . How does this movie EVEN GET MADE ? WHO THOUGHT THIS WAS FUNNY ? What Executive read this script and gave this thing the green light anyway!The movie , has LITTLE TO NO EXECUTION whatsoever ! Imitation alone is not funny . Yet that is what you get with DATE MOVIE . One movie imitation after another . No set up . No reason . Just here 's a reference ... and here 's another etc. etc. etc.For example , in a reference to HITCH , little person , Tony Cox takes Julia -LRB- Alyson Hannigan -RRB- to make her over and make her DATEABLE ... so he takes her to a shop chop in a reference to MTV 's PIMP MY RIDE , where they hammer away and when their done , they raise her up in a DARTH VADER suit and a five second shot of Tony is used painted up like YODA . END OF SCENE.This is pretty much how the entire film goes . One lame reference after another . A guy imitates NAPOLEON DYNAMITE . So ? Hobbits pawn the ring and kick a lame looking wizard in the nuts . Michael Jackson is seen in an alley trying to get a young boy to come home with him . Frankly , the real life Michael Jackson is funny enough . A goof ball with a horribly constructed fake nose shows up as the wedding is getting over and yells , `` Hey is there a wedding to crash ? `` Funny huh ? Dear god . Avoid . I wish I did . Instead of renting this trash , re-rent Airplane , Top Secret or I 'm Gon na Get you Sucka ... and for godsakes do n't BUY ! Are you goofy ?
 I recently witnessed this car crash of a movie . I usually like parodys but this movie was boring and unfunny .
 This movie was so bad that i cried because i had wasted some of my hard earned money too see it . To anyone over the age of 13 this movie probably wont be funny . I didnt laugh once during the whole movie . I found some of the jokes very gross -LRB- the cat on the toilet -RRB- and thought they were over done . Fine parody Meet the Focker by having a cat that can use the toilet but do we need to watch this cat using the toilet for what seemed like a whole minute . It just went on and on . If i could have given this movie 0 stars i would have . The best thing about this movie is that its short , usually i hate short movies but with this one i was very happy that it was over . If you really want to see it then rent it because your not going to want to watch it more then once .
 Very poor taste -- I actually thought it was going to be funny . Instead , it was degrading and very stupid .
 Some movies are terrible and yet still entertaining . B Horror flicks , or 80 's titty comedies , for example . But this is n't even `` So bad , it 's good . '' It 's just bad . Like a sarcastic joke idly spoken in mixed company that backfires horribly , resulting in an embarrassment that haunts the joker to his grave.The producers of these spoofs are trying to cram so many pop culture references as they can into their films that they overlook the importance of telling a story . The further a joke diverts from the subject matter , the funnier it has to be out of context . And these jokes do n't even stand up on their own . They are nothing more than references to other works , containing none of the irony upon which humor relies.If your idea of funny is one `` Hey , remember this other film ? '' after another ad infinitum , I 'm sure you 'll have plenty to laugh about while wasting your time not doing something that might educate you to the point that you would rightfully find this material not only unfunny , but a regretfully irreversible waste of resources that only serves to demean the film industry as a whole .
 This movie is almost too easy a target , and I do n't want to spend much time on it as the essence of this film has been captured effectively by many , many other reviewers . At heart , `` Date Movie '' is just a bit of silliness -- it has no ambition , no goals other than to showcase its preposterous spoofs . Truth be told , I usually do n't mind silly escapist fun -- as long as a picture knows it 's not very good , you ca n't really hold anything else against it . My issue with `` Date Movie , '' thus , is more complex . Movies like `` Scary Movie '' or `` Airplane ! '' have done a great job skewering other films and pop culture icons -- but the primary difference between those films and `` Date Movie '' is that they frame their spoofs and gags around an actual plot.My irritation with `` Date Movie '' comes from its absolute laziness in not even attempting to tell a story . Heck , it does n't even fake it . No , apparently the sheer delight at seeing someone in a fat suit is supposed to carry us through an entire film . The gags are so random -- and do n't get me wrong , you might chuckle occasionally -- they end up making no sense whatsoever . Have we gotten so jaded that we do n't even expect a rudimentary storyline ? It 's sight gag , after sight gag , after sight gag -- with a sound gag thrown in for variety . And it 's not even as if these jokes are clever . By shooting at the easiest pop culture targets and liberally adding unnecessary bodily function humor -- it 's as if the filmmakers expected us to lap all their `` hilarious '' antics up.There are talented people in the cast . Surely Alyson Hannigan -LRB- a star of the small screen -RRB- deserves better . But at least she , and the others , are game and throw themselves into the proceedings -- but to little affect . If I wanted to see sketches and skits with no connection , however , I 'd watch SNL or MadTV -LRB- which might actually be more entertaining -RRB- . `` Date Movie '' misadvertises itself in the title -- there is no movie here ! Normally , like I said , I would n't judge an inoffensive bit of nonsense like this so harshly -- but this negative review goes out to all the creative screenwriters who could n't get decent projects greenlit due to this example of filmmaking by committee . KGHarris , 02/07 .
 1 . ALYSON HANNIGAN . She 's very attractive , and I do n't see enough redheaded ladies in films . Plus , she does n't look that bad in a fat suit .2 . GRANT -LRB- Adam Campbell -RRB- USING A SHOTGUN ON THE CONTESTANTS IN `` THE BACHELOR '' PARODY . It 's amusing just because I like to imagine myself using the shotgun on Friedberg & Seltzer , and unlike this bloodless sketch , it would be graphic .3 . THE LITTLE BOY LEARNING PIMP SIGN LANGUAGE . It happened on the `` Meet The Parents '' parody . The kid was cute when he learned the gestures of keeping his pimp hand strong and to shiv on the kidneys .4 . THE ` ANTI ' - COMMENTARY . Yea , that 's all the in-movie good stuff I could think of , but the DVD extras are certainly worth the purchase . This commentary has two critics , Scott Foundas and Bob Strauss , discussing the awfulness of this film . I only heard bits and pieces of track whenever there 's nothing going on in the movie -LRB- which is 60 % of the time -RRB- , and it was quite illuminating . They talked about how the directors are being too accepting with their parodies , or inconsistent gags , and the massive padding this film fluffed to reach the minimum feature-length duration . Certainly worth listening for those who liked to know why this film 's bad .5 . THE LAUGH TRACK . Another cool DVD extra that I heard bits and pieces of . It did n't make the film funnier -LRB- or just funny in general -RRB- , but I think this audio track goes into the mindset of the directors . Hearing giggles and ` awws ' during pivotal stupid moments made me realize just how disturbing the directors are.With `` Epic Movie '' -LRB- urgh ! -RRB- and this movie , I come to understand a little more about a common preset for the -LSB- blank -RSB- Movie franchise
 This is a movie about a big girl who gets ` made over ' and becomes thin , finds love and lives happily ever after . It 's a spoof on romantic comedies , sort of like `` Scary Movie '' is a spoof on horror movies but this was not nearly as funny . I did n't like this movie . It tried hard to be funny but it was n't . It was just a yawner ! It relied on cheap , stereotypical and often sexist jokes and tired parodies which will be forgotten in a few years and be even less funny . I was n't deeply offended by this movie but I disliked the way it objectified women -LRB- i.e. showing a fat girl going to a body shop like a car to get made skinny and the super hot ex-girlfriend who looks and acts slutty and the boyfriend who thinks it 's appropriate to have his ex hang all over him -RRB- I am fine with sex and nudity in movies but I did n't like the message behind this film . It was mindless and painful to watch and made me uncomfortable . I happen to be young and thin and generally have a good sense of humor about sexist jokes but something about this movie just left me with a yucky feeling ! I feel like this movie insulted my intelligence . There are plenty of things in this world which make young women feel bad about the way they look and it 's generally not a quality I look for in a so-called comedy ! This is funny if you are male and under the age of 16 and even then , this movie might be a bit overboard !
 Date Movie is from two of the six writers of Scary Movie , apparently they chose the two worst because the movie fails to generate laughter . A few chuckles here and there but that 's all.Date Movie is a spoof of romantic comedies . Simply that idea sounds good right ? The writers had alot to work with , but they failed miserably . Alyson Hannigan plays the main character , Julia Jones . Personally , not a big fan of her comedy . Now , Eddie Griffin , Jennifer Coolidge and Fred Willard can be quite hilarious but none of that is portrayed in this flop.This might be enjoyed by some , but only a few . For me , a big comedy fan , it was pretty bad in general.I actually watched it at the theaters and , my friends , it was the biggest waste of ten dollars in my life ! It is now out on dvd and someone will have to pay me to watch it again ... Ok maybe not pay me but at least pay for the movie.One measly star *
 This movie is so horribly bad that I recommend mature adults rent it just to see how bad it is . My wife and I walked out on this movie after 20 excruciating minutes of stupid , senseless , parodies . At least there was a loose plot to Another Teen Movie and the first three Scary Movies , but not this one . Most of the kids in attendance were teens and preteens , which was not good because of the terribly insensitive scenes like the dating couple beating the heck out of a street bum , or the male date inexplicably faking a female orgasm for no particular reason other than to make you think they might be making fun of When Harry Met Sally.Only trouble is that these gags hit zero on the humor meter . Do not waste your money on this trash other than renting it for sheer morbid curiosity .
 I have to agree with the masses . This movie is a total bore . The repetitive spoofs back to back to back are oh so annoying . My attention drifted away from this garbage and I startd surfing the net.Not only were the jokes bad but they were gross and unpleasant and demeaning . Even Allsion Harrigan as a thin person was not too pleasing to view on the screen . And the scene where the couple roll a drunk like its the thing to do is so mean spirited.Avoid at all costs . The people have properly spoken .
 Perhaps the worst mainstream , major studio release in the history of American movies . If it was 100 times better it might reach the `` so-bad-it 's - funny '' level , but it is far worse than that . Too bad - Alyson Hannigan is hot and the reason I watched this . If she had performed the entire movie nude it still would n't be worth watching .
 Date Movie ? More like a horrible blind-date movie . Instead of buying this movie , go buy all of the movies that this one spoofed . Because this movie is just incredibly dumb ... -LRB- I was trying to think of a better word for it , but there is none -RRB- TRUST ME , if you are a fan of movies at all ... do n't watch this one , because it will turn you off of others for a while .
 ... just to erase this movie from my mind ! When it came in the mail today via online renting , I called up a friend to see if he wanted to come watch it with my wife and I . He said , `` I hate that movie more than words can express . '' Ewkay . So we watched it anyway and OH MY GOD was it horrible!I figured it to be a Hot Shots/Top Secret/Airplane kind of movie and I love Alyson Hannigan , so I thought we 'd have a good time with it . Did I mention it was horrible ? The sight gags were extremely corny and predictable because there was n't much imagination put into it -LRB- they should n't rely COMPLETELY on other movies to get their comedy . Come on , think up something ! -RRB- . Also , the jokes that might have otherwise worked were too long , to the point where you 're sick of it before you get a chance to laugh . For instance , when the guy opens the bathroom door and sees the cat pooping loudly in the toilet ... at first it 's funny , but after watching it do that for about a minute , it 's just stupid.Alyson 's acting was as good as she could have done with this garbage , but one person ca n't save a movie . I just feel sorry for her , having such a huge dud on her resume.Avoid this at all costs . Do n't buy it , do n't even rent it unless you want to kick yourself later .
 I saw this movie in a movie theater with my boyfriend , and by the middle of it , we left . I 've never seen anything so stupid and not funny in the same movie . The humor is pretty bad , and might even be offensive for some people . Do n't they have anything better to do than make fun of other movies that are at least worth to watch ?
 Okay , it 's official , Alyson Hannigan 's career is officially over . Alyson , you need to stick to supporting roles on nerdy sci-fi shows , you 're not nearly talented enough to take on a starring role , that 's blatently obvious after watching Date Movie . If that option is even available after doing this , she 'll probably be some jack-azz 'd host on some lame reality TV show on WB at like 3:30 on Saturday afternoon 's from now on , course she 'd be lucky even to get that . I usually like the `` stupid funny '' parody movies like such greats as `` Airplane '' , `` Naked Gun '' , `` Scary Movie '' -LRB- only the first one , they 've progressively gotten worse with each sequal -RRB- . Date Movie falls absolutely flat on it 's face , the whole movie is one big train wreck , nothing works . These 2 supposed writers from `` Scary Movie '' have absolutely failed & need to not write a script for a movie ever , Ever , EVER again , they obviously do n't know comedy . If you 've seen the trailer for the movie you 've literally seen the funniest bits from the entire movie -LRB- no joke -RRB- . It 's like they just threw stuff in as they were filming , the funniest parts of the movie had nothing to do with spoofs of other movies & mostly seemed accidental . Skip this movie it 's awful from start to finish , plain stupid period nothing funny about it .
 Ok , the only reason I went to see this movie in the first place was because Alyson Hannigan is in it -LRB- I 'm a big Buffy the Vampire Slayer fan -RRB- . And well , it was pretty much what I expected it to be - a pointless stupid crude movie . I 've seen 3 of the Scary Movies , and they are n't any better than date movie . So if you 're a fan of Scary Movie , then you might enjoy this movie . Just take to mind that it is pointless stupid entertainment , and have fun wasting an hour and a half of your life .
 I never thought in my life i would see a movie so bad . It was pointless . I love all the scary movies but now i know that whenever i see a bad part in a scary movie the 2/6 writers probaly made it up !
 I 'm going to keep this review short and sweet . I bought this DVD from Wal-Mart 's bargain bin and I feel cheated out of $ 5 . I tried to watch it twice , the second time skipping through the especially stupid and unfunny parts , and still could not bring myself to finish it . I 've seen just about every parody movie Hollywood has come out with and this one is at the bottom . To quote a great comedy , Date Movie is `` dreadful , embarrassing , terrible , horrifyingly bad , bad , bad ... ''
 Horrible horrible filmEven worse than Superhero Movie . I thinkCould be the worst film I 've ever seen . What is Willow doing in this trash?Yikes !
 i bought this on sale for $ 5.99 a few months ago , i should 've known it was going to be a waste of money since it was so cheap . i did n't even finish watching it . putting it in my pile to goodwill .
 Date Movie with Alyson Hannigan was a ok movie i think that they could have made it funnier then what they say it was ... . Julia James is a fat girl trying to find love and one day while working at her dad 's family restaurant she meets the man of her dreams or what she says her prince ... . She then does herself a complete makeover and falls in love with her man ... . This movie was a cry for help and i think that they could have made it better !!!!!!
 From the makers of Scary Movie comes their version of the romantic comedy , `` Date Movie . '' Alyson Hannigan plays Julia Jones , an overweight and miserable girl looking for love and a way out of working in her parents ' Greek restaurant for the rest of her life . She goes to see Hitch , a vertically-challenged self-proclaimed `` Date Doctor '' -LRB- MD , PhD , DDS and ordained minister -RRB- , to see if he can help her find love . Realizing what an utter mess Julia is , Hitch takes her to West Coast Customs to `` pimp her out . '' Transformed into a bombshell , Julia signs on for the reality television show , `` The Extreme Bachelor
 Take heed ! Do n't rent/buy or even watch this movie for free ! Instead , get yourself some bubbly toilet bowl cleaner and watch it bubble for 85 minute - you 'll have a MUCH better time . Yes , parodies can be funny , -LRB- Think Airplane ! or Scary Movie -RRB- but when a studio stoops to pump out watered down trash like this it just ends up turning off people from an entire genre . The length of this move shows 85 minutes . 5 for credits & another 5 for repeated flashbacks , -LRB- which serve no purpose than to take up space -RRB- and you are down to 75 of pure trash . Why oh why ?
 First of all a sucky plot , second of all the movie contains very little funny moments ... overall it sucked ... not woth buying just rent it or borrow it from a friend ... thats all
 Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm . Allyson Hannigan ca n't even help drivel . This movie is godawful . TGFN thank god for netflix .
 Satire is hard enough to do when the writers are n't working on overkill , the central problem to DATE MOVIE
 I went into this movie hoping for the same humor and magic that made the Scary Movies so popular and hilarious , but it 's nowhere to be seen.I know it 's been said repeatedly , but it has to be said , the two writers of Scary Movie that made Date Movie were probably the worst of the six.It tries , like the Scary Movie franchise , to set up parodies of romantic comedies , such as Hitch , Meet The Fockers and Pretty Woman , and while some of the gags work because they 're just disturbing -LRB- the boyfriend dressed like Julia Roberts as a hooker in Pretty Woman , and the cat in the bathroom from Meet the Fockers -RRB- , most of the time it misses the mark and is n't remotely funny.The only thing that makes this movie barely tolerable to sit through is Alyson Hannigan -LRB- who was great in the American Pie movies -RRB- , who does the best she can with the material.But as tolerable as she makes the movie , she 's not Anna Faris , which is probably the only one who can pull off these types of movies successfully.I was hoping for a romantic comedy spoof equivalent of Scary Movie , but let 's face it , it completely fails . Let 's just stick to Anna Faris and Regina Hall in the Scary Movie franchise.Globally , it 's a movie I 'm reluctant to recommend -LRB- even as a rental -RRB- even though there are 2 or 3 funny scenes .
 Dear Makers Of Date Movie , You Suck.Kind Regards , Joey Bananas `` The Movie Monkey ''
 I WAS DUMB , , I WENT OUT AND GOT THIS MOVIE BEFORE SEEING IT AND I REALLY WANT MY $ 12.00 BACK . . STUPID MOVIE , , , SAME DAMN JOKES AGAIN , , IN CLOSING DONT RENT IT DONT BUY IT !
 I love satirical movies , spoofs , slapstick , etc. . I love everything that this movie SHOULD have been . The jokes are lame and recycled from other movies . I maybe got 2 good laughs and a few chuckles out of this movie . I never even made it to the end of this movie . I just could n't stand it anymore and I did n't want to waste any more of my time . DO N'T WATCH THIS MOVIE !
 I went to see this but it was not by choice . I went on a `` field trip '' with my co-workers and this was the movie that won the vote.I am all for parodies -LRB- like `` Saturday Night Live '' -RRB- but this movie went overboard . So does all the Scary Movies -LRB- I do n't like these either -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and skip this movie . Get yourself a real `` Date Movie '' .
 If I could have given this movie 0 stars i would have . It was one of the worst movies i have ever seen . I almost got up after 20 min and left to go demand my money back . It was not funny at all . Watching QVC for 80 min will be a better use of your time then going to see this movie . If you really want to see it then rent it when it comes out on DVD because i assure you seeing this movie one time was to many times so buying it on DVD will be a waste of money .
 Acting ------------ 4 out of 10 , Hannigan is cute , but the rest are terrible , specially Eddie GriffinDirecting --------- 1 out of 10 , horrible , no redeeming qualities at allLocation/Scenery -- 3 out of 10Comedy Rating ----- 0 out of 10 , No laughs anywhereQuality ----------- 2 out of 10Violence ----------- Medium , Nothing sick , but sure not funnyBlood/Gore --------- None , Probably would have helpedNudity ------------- Lots implied , none really shownLanguage ----------- High amountOverall ------------ 16 and above should be fine , but I really recommend ANYTHING else but thisTotal Score ----------- 10 out of 50This is the 2nd worst movie of the year so far , the only thing that saved it from a lower score then Bloodrayne is that Alyson Hannigan really tries hard to salvage something , but , unfortunately she ca n't . I really have nothing against crude humour , it works alot of the time , but in this , nothing , and I mean NOTHING works . Why do filmakers think anyone , human or feline , taking a crap is still funny ? It 's ridiculous , we 've all seen it dozens of times before , and while we might haved laughed the first time , we sure as hell are n't anymore !! I loved Napoleon Dynamite , but I think it could definitely be spoofed and spoofed well , but they could n't even get that right . Just skip this everyone , it 's foul , disgusting , boring , and just not funny !!
 I had been over-excited to see this film because , once again , I am a huge fan of spoofs and parodies . Unfortunately , the last few poorly done parody films is beginning to dampen my enthusiasm for the genre.Most people know Alyson Hannigan as Willow from the television show `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' , or as that lovable band geek Michelle from the `` American Pie '' series . I 'm personally a huge fan of Alyson Hannigan , which is part of why I was so disappointed in this film . I really feel she is capable of so much more , although she did make a valiant effort to save a movie that just could n't be saved -LRB- mostly do to poor writing and shoddy directing/editing -RRB- Many movies and shows are spoofed in `` Date Movie '' , among them
 This movie is almost too easy a target , and I do n't want to spend much time on it as the essence of this film has been captured effectively by many , many other reviewers . At heart , `` Date Movie '' is just a bit of silliness -- it has no ambition , no goals other than to showcase its preposterous spoofs . Truth be told , I usually do n't mind silly escapist fun -- as long as a picture knows it 's not very good , you ca n't really hold anything else against it . My issue with `` Date Movie , '' thus , is more complex . Movies like `` Scary Movie '' or `` Airplane ! '' have done a great job skewering other films and pop culture icons -- but the primary difference between those films and `` Date Movie '' is that they frame their spoofs and gags around an actual plot.My irritation with `` Date Movie '' comes from its absolute laziness in not even attempting to tell a story . Heck , it does n't even fake it . No , apparently the sheer delight at seeing someone in a fat suit is supposed to carry us through an entire film . The gags are so random -- and do n't get me wrong , you might chuckle occasionally -- they end up making no sense whatsoever . Have we gotten so jaded that we do n't even expect a rudimentary storyline ? It 's sight gag , after sight gag , after sight gag -- with a sound gag thrown in for variety . And it 's not even as if these jokes are clever . By shooting at the easiest pop culture targets and liberally adding unnecessary bodily function humor -- it 's as if the filmmakers expected us to lap all their `` hilarious '' antics up.There are talented people in the cast . Surely Alyson Hannigan -LRB- a star of the small screen -RRB- deserves better . But at least she , and the others , are game and throw themselves into the proceedings -- but to little affect . If I wanted to see sketches and skits with no connection , however , I 'd watch SNL or MadTV -LRB- which might actually be more entertaining -RRB- . `` Date Movie '' misadvertises itself in the title -- there is no movie here ! Normally , like I said , I would n't judge an inoffensive bit of nonsense like this so harshly -- but this negative review goes out to all the creative screenwriters who could n't get decent projects greenlit due to this example of filmmaking by committee . KGHarris , 02/07 .
 In the same vein as the over-populated ` Scary Movie ' franchise , ` Date Movie ' throws everything -LRB- including the kitchen sink -RRB- at the viewer with reckless abandon . Sadly , there is nothing remotely funny about this film -LRB- unless you find the overly gross interpretation of Robert De Niro 's toilet trained cat halfway hysterical , as I did -RRB- . Instead of delivering solid comic timing and well thought out laughs , ` Date Movie ' just tosses everything it can think of at you . Nothing sticks . There is no focus here , no developed plot ; nothing but a hodgepodge of very unfunny sequences that do n't mesh well at all . This is an incoherent mess .
 This movie was highly dissapointing.I did not have high expectations going into it -LRB- from what friends have told me -RRB- but I really wanted to watch it . It was horrid ! There was way too many spoofs . Yes some were funny -LRB- the only real memorable one was the spoof when she stood over the subway train air vent dancing to cool off -RRB- . All in all this movie was shockingly sad . They could have had a great movie - but alas they did n't . Do your self a favor and do not buy or rent this movie.If it was possible to give something 0 stars i would , but * is the lowest it goes . Date Movie gets that * .
 One of the reasons I like buying on Amazon is because of these reviews . Usually I can get a feeling about a movie by the reviews it receives ... Unfortunately I bought this on sale as a `` Previously Viewed '' before I ever checked out the reviews . The fact that they list on the cover that 2 of the writers worked on Scary Movie naturally made me think this had to be good because all of the Scary Movies have been roll on the floor funny . This movies does have some funny parts to it , but not enough to really want spend much money or time on it.The JayLo bit has been over done for some time before the movie came out so the giagantic rear end bit just comes across as silly nonsense ... As with much of the movie ...
 The movie was funny the first , oh lets say about maybe the first 20-40 minutes . After that the movie is garbage . The humor and mocking was so dis-tasteful and a little offensive . The cat in the bathroom , `` dead mrs.jones '' , the little jokes by the bachellor 's parents , the bizarre family relationships , and the mock-sexual references to sex.I was very surprised at myself when i viewed the film . I hardly laughed and didnt laugh when I needed . Like I said I totally love these not another teen movie , scary movie type films ... but Date Movie is pure garage . The humor is so awful and the mockery sucks tooBottom line
 I saw this movie at the theaters and it was awsome , funny as can be , so when it came out on DVD i bought it . Not quite so funny this time . I do n't think it was so much that I had seen it before as much as it was that with out a crowd laughing alongside of you it 's just not as humourous . It relys hevily on gross out humor and parody of some movies that were n't that great to begin with .
 This is a terrible movie , truly . It can be enjoyable if taken in the same spirit as Ed Wood fare or a Disney movie from the 70 's . I tolerate romantic-comedies as required watching , and I would love to see the genre skewered , drowned , and burned by a comedic genus . This is not the film to do it.A sampling of faults : - Most scenes are far too long and drawn out for the target audience . - A script offering too little material to fill a standard motion picture . - Actors almost perform to an acceptable level , almost . - Unleveled audio mixing ! Even direct to DVD movies -LRB- usually -RRB- have acceptable audio - mixing ! - The genre chosen to parody already relies heavily on parody ; a parody of a parody is unsuccessful when approached on an obvious surface level.Two bonus features of this disk , the unrated DVD edition , are awesome and worth the price of a rental and possible a purchase as they provide a one-off form of entertainment from an unexpected and fresh angle . `` The Quickie '' is the entire feature chopped down to a six minute form that manages to convey both the plot -LRB- such that exists in the feature -RRB- and all of the gags that actually draw laughs . `` The Quickie '' demonstrate that `` Date Movie '' should 've been a segment on Saturday Night Live , Mad TV , or similar television show . Skip the feature , just watch `` The Quickie '' and then move on to the `` Anti-Commentary '' `` The Anti-Commentary '' is a real jewel , a bonus audio track featuring two film editors , one who hated the film , and the other who feels compelled to apologize for writing a review that suggested that some people may enjoy this movie . Neither critic is particularly witty or charming , but they do speak honestly and lucidly for the duration of the film , and I found listening to them enormously entertaining . They do not try to be funny , like the `` critics '' in Mystery Science Theater 3000 , and they do not understand why they were asked to do the commentary or how it will benefit the studio or the filmmaker . Rather , these intelligent and articulate men , without being pompous and while remaining earnest , talk about the movie and the context of the movie , and as an absurdist legal limitation they are forbidden to mention the names of the movies being parodied . `` The Anti-Commentary '' was a brave choice , and I am very thankful that it was included . Similar features should become standard fare .
 This is one of the worst movies I 've seen in a while . The trailer is pretty hilarious but it 's a film -LRB- and I use the word `` film '' in its broadest sense -RRB- that just does n't work.The concept is very funny -LRB- mock some of the most popular `` Date '' movies of the year
 the movies on this disc might be good , but from the very poor transfers here -LRB- droped audio , picture drop-out and freese pictures , and all the movies were very very dark almost not watchable -RRB- you would never know . skip this mess and look for these movies elsewere !!!
 Judd and Little Moon was an incredibly bad movies with the poorest acting I have seen.The Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis movie was marginally better
 If seeing naked women in funny situations is what you 're looking for , you 're better off seeing Playboy 's Really Naked Truth or one of the Candid Candid Camera series .
 This is waaay before the age of personal trainers . Not only is their a small amount of bare skin , but the bare skin they show ai n't worth seein ' . This stuff got better in the 80s , when there was ample supply of attractive , and less inhibited women .
 When i was young this title interested me to see but when i finally saw it on this dvd it was awful . Several naked women at the start then a long time in between before there is another one at the very end . When he did the candid candid cameras in the 1980s they were full of nude women situations . This movie here after i ran it i felt like tossing it into the trash because of lack of nudity .
 This movie was very poor quality and was not at all like my husband remembers it . I was disappointed also .
 I agree with Mark Fantino . This may be one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time . Not even the great cast could save the movie . Good actors can rarely overcome a screenplay that is this bad .
 I did n't realize Brosnan 's career was over . He must have needed work BAD or had never been within one hundred miles of the script until the day filming started!Watching this bomb was an absoulutly regretable experience .
 Infantile depiction of politics , sex , and Panama itself . Insulting screenplay for the viewer . The movie is pure bravado and seems made-up on the fly . No sense of understanding for the people or politics of Panama . Shockingly bad .
 This may be the worst movie I have ever seen . It was at least as bad , no it was worse , than The Thomas Crown Affair . Pierce needs to stick to Bond and stop pretending to be a serious actor.Any film which requires as a presupposition the audience having seen another film is stupid . A lot of the reviewers on here are saying things like `` Well , it 's really great if you are aware that Brosnan also plays James Bond . '' What person went to see this steaming pile and is not aware of that ? If you did n't know that it 's surprising you had the mental faculties to find the theater . And even when compared to the Bond character this movie still bites .
 I expected a film of at least some dramatic content with Geoffrey Rush alongside Brosnan , but sadly no . This film is awful . The screenplay is atrocious , the directing weak and the character played by Brosnan utterly appalling . My advice , do n't waste your cash .
 Aside from the competition of all the used copies now for fire-sale of this bogged-down story , what keeps me from pitching this DVD is to show it as an example of how badly some critics ' `` masterpieces '' so completely miss the mark . If you want the `` anti-007 '' , view the quality of `` The Prisoner '' series . And that `` print-bite '' of this being `` Casablanca without heroes '' , that 's as much baloney as `` Subway without heroes '' -LRB- sandwiches -RRB- !
 I can see why there are -LRB- so many -RRB- used copies of this for sale . This movie is so bad we took it out of our player after 40 minutes and threw it in the trash can . The characters are poorly developed , and flash backs do n't add , just divert the viewer 's attention . And Curtis should stick to comedy and horror - she ca n't act in a dramatic role to save her life .
 This movie was a real snoozer with no real plot . Brosnan 's character is too cool for school , which was annoying . The only thing going for it was Jamie Lee Curtis ... . For an older lady . She 's still ... nice ...
 Without a doubt this is one of the most alienating productions for otherwise good contributors ; LeCarre and Brosnan . Having served in `` the trade '' from my twenties , I have encountered more than enough of the reprehensible elements that serve the intelligence field . But `` Tailor '' serves no redeeming message at all . If only to portray the negatives of human nature of some participants the field , the effort was wasted .
 Mind-numbing bore that hardly ever raises its energy level above that of a dull thud . A-list actors like Jamie Lee Curtis , Pierce Brosnan and Catherine McCormack give inexplicable performances in this supposedly political thriller about a crooked intelligence agent -LRB- Brosnan -RRB- assigned to Panama who uses the political vulnerability of the Panama Canal for his own personal gain . Geoffrey Rush is the innocent tailor whom he befriends and recruits for high-profile contacts , and Curtis is Rush 's wife who basically does nothing much more than flash her breasts for two hours . Do n't ask me what McCormack 's role is all about because I never quite figured it out . Both the plot and Brosnan 's character ride one monotoned wavelength for the entire film , and then it 's over before you 've even felt it begin . What the film tries to convince you are plot twists and turns are really just incidents that hardly conceal a nothing plot . Rush is the real victim here , as he is a very inconsistent actor who this time gives a great performance but in a really bad film .
 Well , sometimes a director 's pitiful inability to establish an appropriate pace is mistaken for the thoughtfulness , unhurriedness and other ingredients of a quality film made to last . In The Tailor Of Panama John Boorman is his old self , the man who made Arthurian lore look infinitely boring in his amorphous and pseudo-meaningful Excalibur , the man who had told the story of the Dublin 's most celebrated criminal , the General , in a line of semi-disjointed episodes , showing the basic rudiments of cinematographer 's skill only in starting and ending the film with the same finishing scene.He obviously prefers to have a well-known material , rich in colorful collisions and characters - they have to carry the weight of a film , make it interesting.In The Tailor Of Panama the director treads the waters that are very much familiar to anyone who is not a stranger to the British tradition of mocking the antics of the big bosses from the frightfully named agencies responsible for the national security . An underdog gets into the grind , cons the surprisingly foolish and vain hierarchs with his endearingly unbelievable inventions - and more often than not gets away with it . A humble man vs. The State , a soothing fable for us common Joes . Graham Greene 's Our Man In Havana is the most immediate example , the tip of the iceberg . As if that 's not enough John Boorman takes on the motives from the most popular tale of surviving - with dignity - the troubled times in ultimately corrupted place , The Casablanca.The catch phrase about the absence of heroes made it to every review , meaningless as it is . The more direct quotation from the same source - '' Maybe that 's the beginning of a great friendship '' - is less lucky . It looks like a pure commercial speculation , a hasty indulgence , something extra for a viewer 's pleasure.There is not a drop of fresh blood in the whole film . Everything is so limp and obvious . The character 's actions , motivations , emotions just hint on something we have read or seen before , in all the eagerness to please with utterly recognizable ingredients originality was shooed from the set - or maybe they had nothing to lure it with.Pierce Brosnan looks his usual self , a perfect , cynical , omnipotent male no one can resist , a model more than an actor . Geoffrey Rush portrays confusion , painful loyalty and vague greed with the grimaces you can forecast well in advance . To make their interactions livelier the director puts the actors on the electro-bed in bordello , makes them hug each other tenderly on the gay club 's dance floor but these well-meaning gags fail to produce the belly laughs - it 's a `` quality film '' after all , not a Jim Carey vehicle.The other actors also look as if they spend on the set the court-imposed hours for some minor misdemeanor . No stars are born , no career highlights for anyone.Everything is known from the beginning , it 's all boringly predictable , unnecessarily detailed , explained when everything is evident without explanations.If you are looking for the perfect investment of these couple hours you 've allotted for the pure entertainment - skip that film . It 's plain boring.If you possess the patience and understanding to appreciate an original , meaningful and coherent cinematic piece - take them somewhere else .
 I ca n't believe there are reviews giving this movie more than one star ! It is a very bad movie . The dialog is muffled and hard to hear in parts , the plot very thin , acting mediocre . Stay away from this movie , or at least rent it and see how bad it is first.Geoffrey Rush does a good job , as good as can be expected from this weak script .
 I had a back pain , needed to lie down , and decided to look in the local newspaper what was on TV . This movie was listed with a 3-star -LRB- out of 4 -RRB- rating , so I picked it to watch . I guess they would have given 3 stars to anything bashing American and British imperialism with its devilish plans against the proud people of Panama -LRB- which , if you do n't know , is a Central American country , located where the canal is -RRB- . There is absolutely nothing in this film to even partially redeem its incredibly silly premise . I first thought that the leading actor was James Woods , but it turned out to be another guy , what put the final nail in the coffin of my opinion . Save yourself the trouble .
 My spouse and I stopped watching this film about one half way through it . For me , Brosnan , is never believeable in the characters that he plays . My wife liked him as Remington Steele but I could not stomach him . I thought he did his recent Robinson Crusoe role alright . Here in `` Tailor '' he seems to project the correct image here , but his character really is not likeable . Besides that , I ca n't figure out where this movie fails . If it was any good , I could also excuse the face of the tailor 's `` conscience '' that periodically flashes on the screen and speaks . Unless this film rescues itself in the second half , I do n't recommend it . Certainly do n't buy it .
 Where to start ? This thing is so bad that it is a disgrace to bad melodrama . The plot is so predictable it is sickening . This movie was n't even released until after Harry Potter was released .
 Terrible film , made worse by the fact that the author of the book on which this rubbish is based , John le Carre , was not only part of the script writing team , but also credited as an executive producer . One can only assume therefore that he was happy with the film , but it is two hours I 'll never have again.The basic premise is ridiculous . The motivation of the cynical , semi-disgraced British spy Andy Osnard in stealing millions in American funds destined to support a bogus rebellion in Panama is never established , and the wholesale and gullible buy-in by the American intelligence community and military to the fanciful presentation of events by Osnards 's middle-management boss is utterly unbelievable , even with the hindsight of the real-life Iraq WMD intelligence debacle . That director John Boorman shot two endings , the unused of which is included in the DVD extras , and both of which are unsatisfactory , betrays the fact that no one had any idea how to end this train-wreck , and the whole lack of coherence and excitement in the piece seems hard to fathom given the talent involved.Brosnan , as Osnard , and Geoffrey Rush as Harry Pendel , the gullible and tall story-telling tailor press-ganged into serving Her Majesty 's government , work well together , and at least breathe some life into the generally insipid dialog . Unfortunately however , Jamie Lee Curtis , despite her fine acting credentials , is hopelessly miscast as Harry 's all-American-girl wife . 1 out of 5 for Brosnan and Rush giving it a pretty good shot , but that 's about it - otherwise , a complete waste of time .
 There is nothing to write about this film.I have ower 350 Dvd 's but first time I am sorry to by this film.There is nothing to see nothing to learn and to watch this Dvd s wasting your time.I am terribly sorry to buy .
 Absolutely terrible . What a pity , Mr. Rush is usually so wise in the films he stars in . This is certainly two hours you will never get back . I 've been totally robbed .
 Available for rental , this slow spy thriller does n't thrill very much . I love Geoffrey Rush and John Boorman . Unfortunaltely , they are both wasted on this proiject . Of course , Boorman wrote the film so I ca n't defend him there . You might remember Boorman 's wqonderful Hope and Glory . Even The Emerald Forest was much better ... anyway ... boring ! This proves to me that Ebert and Roeper 's ` Two Thumbs Up ' doesnt count for much anymore . ** stars .
 ok , first of all i 'm panamenian so when we got the news that they were making a movie in our country we were excited !! you know mr. brosnan , geoffrey rush , jaime lee curtis even the kid from harry potter among others , it was awesome , great actors so the hype was visible , we could not wait 'till opening night , cause we are not used to have such talent in our small country at once , and we also had a few local actors in the movie as well so it was fun , but when the movie started , basically it was a little weird , what a waste of talent i mean brosnan character turns out to be a wise guy who 's only interested in two things money and sex , nothing compared to his roll as mr. bond . rush 's performance was n't bad but it could have been way better as for the other players , well i 'll say a regular outcoming . Another thing that bothered me is WHY everytime somebody makes a movie in another country other than USA always shows the `` poor side '' or the b side of that particular place , hey i know my country has its highs and lows but for some reason they always showed the low ones , we are more than just a little village or in this movie 's case a lost city !! . but anyway the movie could have been way better than it did , the only fun thing about it is that you actually see the buildings and landscape that we are used to .
 But did not like the movie . It is true that good books -LRB- and Le Carre 's Tailor of Panama is fantastic -RRB- rarely translate well to the screen -- or at least they do n't do so if the individuals making the film do not attempt to tell a story and do not remain faithful to the storyline that worked so well , so neatly and suspensefully in print . The film throughout is choppy , so much so that you only see bits and pieces extracted from the story . It was as if the filmmakers just wanted to show us their favorite parts , but the error was to leave out the flow of information that ties the whole thing together . It is vignettes , not plot ; an advertisement for the book rather than a real movie . Characters appear and disappear with no real meaning , neither adequately explained nor fleshed out . The main characters themselves are contrived rather than realistic -LRB- the opposite of the book 's characters -RRB- and the actors were quite awkward . Rush is miscast , unable to turn the Tailor into a sympathetic and wily character . His emotions tumble this way and that , and his use of several different English accents to suit several occasions becomes awfully annoying , particularly because he whispers rather than speaks his lines . I kept having to turn the volume higher and I still could n't quite get what he was saying ! Brosnan plays his usual stylish , arrogant male , gracefully strutting through the scenes but struggling with trying to convey that his character is perverted and ultimately evil -- he just comes off as confused . After a while , I started to think that this would have been a much better film if Rush and Brosnan had switched roles , much like I heard Redford and Newman switched theirs on the classic Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid . Think of it -- Brosnan playing out all levels of emotion , from friendship to familial loyalty to false bravado to connivance to failures . I tend to think that only he should have been the Tailor ; Rush was too frantic , too limited in scope . On the other hand , Rush as the eccentric , egotistical Osnard , an unattractive man with an inexplicable attraction for women . But the film is as it is -- just a tumbled together script , not very true to the book , with a lack of depth , too much focus on Osnard 's sex scenes , too little concentration on what is actually going on , and an ending that is implausible . The only highlight is Jamie Lee Curtis , who is perfect , absolutely perfect , in her role . Each line she delivers and each sentiment is balanced between restraint and abandon . She shines as an exceptional character/actress in an otherwise dull , dragging and complicated film . Recommendation ? Avoid the film and read the book .
 Summary : Andrew ` Andy ' Osnard -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- , an MI5 agent who has a tendency to ` screw ' up missions despite being very good at getting information out of people -LRB- usually through sleeping with them -RRB- , has been reassigned to Panama to help the British government determine the fate of the Panama Canal , which was recently returned to the ownership and direction of Panama . Andy hooks up with Harold ` Harry ' Pendel -LRB- Geoffrey Rush -RRB- , who is a tailor , mostly by digging up his true history as a criminal . Andy then uses this history -LRB- really the threat of making the history public -RRB- , as well as a series of bribes , to get Harry to talk about all of his clients , which includes just about every major politician and businessman in Panama.However , Harry , who really is just a tailor , ca n't handle the pressure . He cracks and begins feeding Andy lies , a response to pressure he apparently developed in jail . As Andy continues to pressure him Harry 's lies grow to ever-increasing proportions until it appears that Panama is about to sell the Canal to China , which obviously the U.S. and the U.K. are n't going to allow . Of course Andy is aware that what Harry is telling him are a bunch of lies , but he goes along with it , claiming to his boss that the rebel group that is hoping to regain control of the Canal before it can be sold , ` The Silent Opposition ' , just needs $ 15 million to successfully stage a coup.When the alleged opposition group leader is found dead the U.S. deems this a worthy reason to believe that everything is collapsing . The result - send in the troops . Just before the troops get there Andy snatches the money , pays a couple of quick bribes , and hightails it out of Panama , leaving Harry , and his wife , Louisa -LRB- Jamie Lee Curtis -RRB- , who works for a major government official , to try to stop the impending invasion.My Comments : Other than decent acting by Geoffrey Rush and Jamie Lee Curtis , this is a horrible movie . Why ? First , even though the combination of James Bond with ` Wag the Dog ' is kind of unique , it 's really pretty obvious that that is really all the movie is , a combination of plot devices that have been done -LRB- and much better I might add -RRB- . A spy creates a scenario in which major world powers feel the need to go to war . Perhaps it is a decent premise , but when you consider it in light of the next criticism , it just does n't work.My second major problem with the movie are the motivations , or lack thereof , of the characters . Sure , Andy is greedy , but that does n't explain why he is willing to destroy so many people 's lives by starting a war in Panama . Is there a motivation beyond his penile urges and his greed ? Or is he really such a shallow character that he is just driven by greed and sex ? And what about Harry ? Why is he investing in farms ? He 's a tailor , and a successful one at that . Why does he resort to lying ? The stated reason , that this is his defense mechanism learned while in jail , is pretty silly . The problems with the motivations of the characters makes them all very unconvincing and shallow . Even the attempts at backstory - flashbacks to the Manuel Noriega days - do n't add much depth to Harry 's character.The third problem is the limitless , gratuitous sex . Andy 's affair with the embassy aide Francesca Deane -LRB- Catherine McCormack -RRB- is just that - sex . There must be 20 minutes of Andy and Francesca engaged in violent sex and for what ? Nothing . He does n't learn anything from her , he just has sex with her , over and over again . It does n't advance the story in anyway . Andy also tries hitting on Louisa and even takes Harry to a gay bar . Maybe the director and producers realized that they did n't have a very good story so they opted for a mild porn ambience to sell this film . Whatever the reason , it can only be considered gratuitous.Add these problems to the other major story holes and you have a very forgettable movie . What happened to the U.S. intelligence ? Why do they not back anything up with their own people ? What about calling the president of the country ? Where did Harry get the ` spy phone ' ? Why would Harry think his wife 's papers he photographs are of any importance ? And on , and on , and on ... The political overtones to the movie are also kind of silly with the military being rampant warmongers that just want to kill , kill , kill ; the politicians are all corrupt , etc.Overall this is really just a silly story with a lot of sex to try to compensate for it . The acting is mediocre , at best , and none of the characters are believable . It just does n't work as a convincing film . Not recommended .
 It 's rare to a see a movie where it appears that the entire cast , director AND writer all phoned in their performances . But the Tailor of Panama is such a film . The heavy dialogue drowns itself and its actors , who do n't seem to try to tread water . Rush and Brosnan are broad charicatures which might work in another film , but not here . The films jokes and attempts at wit are labored and artificial . What the heck does `` Casablanca without the heroes '' mean ? The beauty of Casablanca was that there were no perfect heroes in that movie , everyone had their dark side . Watching this film made me flinch far too many times .
 I saw this a few weeks ago with a friend , both of us kept looking at our watches to see how much longer before the torture would end , this movie was SLOW SLOW SLOW , with no real plot . It had some great actors in it too bad they were in such a horrible movie !
 I 've been living here in Panama for 16 years , and it is how they depict it in this movie , I do n't know where the other panamainian reviewers live , but yes , Panama if filled with beggars on every corner , dirty politicians , greedy people rule the country and do whatever they want here . The movie is garbage the story and direction is terrible , the only good thing is the acting . The actors truly did their very best but when you have a bad script , you have a doomed production . Do n't waste you time .
 How the name Casablanca has found its way into the reviews of this convoluted pile of dreck is bizzare , at best . This movie fails on every level . The plot is actually quite simple , but the script is written so poorly that much of story unfolds incomprehensibly . The performances here are irrelevant , as the characters are written so horribly that the actors are insignificant . Be sure to turn this one off before you are subjected to the truly absurd and comical love scene involving Brosnan and a Brittis diplomat .
 I actually went to see this movie in the theaters and I was severly disappointed . It 's not that the acting is bad , but the movie as a whole is lacking . The main thing that kills it is the pacing . It is REALLY , REALLY slow - almost painfully so because after sitting through it , you really want an ending that at least makes it worth all your suffering ... and it never comes . Very bad movie . I strongly suggest passing this one over .
 The movie starts slowly as you wait for pierce brosnan to be more a part of the movie . Then Brosnan is truly a dispictable character -LRB- unless you love sociopath sex addicts -RRB- with the only good guys being the revolutionaries and the tailor . There are plenty of vulgar language and dialog , plus some T and A , so this one is for 18 year olds and up , or no one at all.In true left-wing Hollywood style , the bad guys win , and there are untrue references to President George Bush , '' # 41 '' .
 Sassy as its cast may be , despite their often-ludicrous characters and the ridiculous situations they encounter , `` The Tailor of Panama '' is n't a very remarkable movie , nor does it leave a lasting impression once the final , ending surprise rolls around . The movie itself is tailored around the notion that a simple lie can lead to catastrophic results , and I could live with this lesson , if not for its baffling turn of events once things start getting out of hand.British MI-6 agent Andy Osnart -LRB- Pierce Brosnan -RRB- , demoted from his usual dealings in London for bedding a higher-up 's mistress , is assigned to Panama to keep tabs on the balance of power over the canal . Seeking out vital information , he befriends the local tailor , Harry Pendel -LRB- Geoffrey Rush -RRB- , who is only to eager to contrive stories and fabrications about a plan to hand over the Panama Canal to one of three possible purchasers , unaware that while he thinks he 's leading Andy on , he 's really the one being played for a fool.With a plot as detailed as this , vital clues are important ; unfortunately , the movie has little of them . Much of these so-called `` clues '' are merely Harry 's wildly imaginative stories , which include subplots that involve one of his best friends and his own secretary . He even uses his own wife , who works for those in control of the canal , taking pictures of her confidential yet useless documents as a ploy to try and buy time from Andy , who keeps up the pretense of impatience while in Harry 's company , but sees fit to kick back and relax , confident that his own plans will carry through.For the most part , the first two acts of the movie are fashioned somewhat impressively , beginning in a tedious manner and then elevating the interest as Harry gets himself in deeper . As the mysteries and subplots begin to unfold and reveal themselves , we get a grasp on the situation , only to have it all thrown out the window with a third act that is neither impressive nor eye-opening . As if this were n't enough , the characters themselves are completely repulsive . Brosnan plays his 007-ish Andy with great gusto , but his character is such a lewd , unnecessarily disgusting character that it 's hard not to wince . Rush is reduced to little more than a whining , bumbling idiot as Harry the motor-mouthed tailor , while actresses Jamie Lee Curtis and Catherine McCormack are wasted as Harry 's faithful , suspicious wife , and Andy 's bed buddy , respectively . `` The Tailor of Panama '' does n't go down very easily , given the fact that it wants to be comical and serious simultaneously . This identity crisis between serio-comedy and action thriller prevents it from being little more than a messy , uneven attempt , with a population of characters who spend the entire movie acting like fools rather than spies and tailors .
 Ok , this isnt fair . Roger Ebert and that other dude loved this so naturally I gave it a try . Jeez people , do NOT try to watch this if you are the least bit tired . I was lost after the first 10 minutes . I feel that I am a fairly intelligent person too so I just do n't get it . All I have to say people is at least rent this sucker before you buy it . I was 2 steps from buying it and I would 've been crushed if I had . So so so so hard to follow and keep up with !
 This movie presents a different story altogether than the one LeCarre wrote . The plot line of Harry and Marta was not the unspoken love story of the book , and the ending in no way resembled LeCarre 's tale . The verbally explosive scene at the tailor shop makes Harry the one who gets upset , rather than Mickey -LRB- via Harry 's humiliation of him -RRB- , giving Mickey 's suicide a different motivation entirely . The episode where Harry moves Mickey 's body and cleans up Mickey 's apartment is left out . Louisa is given an alternate personality more suitable to Jamie Lee Curtis . Do n't waste your time and money -- read the book . Better yet , listen to The John LeCarre Collection audio . Let LeCarre tell the story himself -- he does so wonderfully .
 I love the movie , so purchased it from Amazon . But when I got it , it would n't play in our DVD player . It said it had a code that the DVD player could n't read . So , I have n't been able to watch it . The DVD itself looks like a very poor copy . I hope that not all of the DVD 's you sell are this way .
 Totally bummed ! My DVD does n't work ! I bought it as a gift but it was a waste of money since I 'm in the US .
 Cary Grant and Sophia Loren performed their parts flawlessly . The plot , the props , the music , the lines were hopeless . Are we supposed to believe a foreign service officer would take his small children to a symphony concert ? That the grown daughter of a world class conductor would sing the Bing-Bang-Bong song during the orchestra 's performance ? or any other time , for that matter ? That Sophia professionally repaired and painted that houseboat all by herself in a couple of days while Cary was at the office ? That a pitcher of water would be handy on the table on the porch just when necessary to use it to illustrate a moral principle ? I 'm not incapable of suspending belief , if only there 's compensation for it . I only watched to the end because I was making out with my girlfriend during the movie . I 'd have been better off watching `` Godzilla 1985 '' .
 I could not view this movie has its a # 2 . I 'm an American in the USA . They should know better . They would me to pay to fit this . I will never buy movies from them again .
 This is one of those films that are made to capitalize on star power , get quick results at the box office , and then disappear into the land of forgotten films.About a half hour into this debacle , which featured whiny children , predictable plotting , and overall lack of likable -LRB- or believable -RRB- characters , I was forced to just turn it off .
 `` Houseboat '' never arrived here . I have been patiently waiting at the dock , but no boat . PLEASE send it at once .
 A government official -LRB- Cary Grant -RRB- tries to reconnect with his children -LRB- Mimi Gibson , Paul Petersen , and Charles Herbert -RRB- after the death of his wife . The daughter of a symphony conductor -LRB- Sophia Loren -RRB- goes on the run to escape her overbearing father -LRB- Eduardo Ciannelli -RRB- and takes a job as nanny to the children . Romantic comedy ensues.If there is any reason to watch this film , it is the chemistry between Grant and Loren , who had been in a real life relationship not long before filming began . The situation , however , is highly contrived and the scriptwriters -LRB- Melville Shavelson and Jack Rose -RRB- are all too willing to cast all logic aside for the sake of some rather slight gags . Characters do not behave in a consistent fashion , their personalities changing as the script requires so that the story can hit every predictable plot point on the way to its happy ending .
 What an utterly terrible movie ! What an odd look at marriage ! What a waste of talent -LRB- Renee and Chris ' talents are lost in this cinematic mess -RRB- ! What a cheesy and predictable plot ! What a terrible ending ! What a waste of money ! What a waste of time !!! Honestly , it does n't get much worse than this . I admitt , cheesy and predictable can be fun -LRB- eg . `` The Cutting Edge '' `` Never Been Kissed '' or `` Miss Congenialtiy '' -RRB- , but this movie misses all the marks . When it 's not boring , it 's just ridiculous.Try `` Cricle of Friends '' or `` Bridget Jones ' Diary '' on for size instead . Really , you 'll thank me .
 This tired romantic comedy is a con as it is neither comic nor romantic . The perfunctory plot has Jimmie -LRB- O'Donnell -RRB- as a fun-loving guy that is certainly in no rush to settle down . When his grandfather dies and promises him $ 120 million on the condition that he gets married within 24 hours . The rest of the movie basically concerns his worries over trying to win back Anne -LRB- Zellweger -RRB- whilst he ` struggles ' with the dilemma of whether he only wants to marry her for the cash or not . Of course , this leads to a lot of running after Anne , who dumped him previously due to a botched marriage proposal the night before . In between his friends try and fix him up with a few celebrity cameos such as Mariah Carey.O ` Donnell is quite unable to carry a movie by himself and Zellweger 's endearing character is n't on screen nearly as much as you 'd like her to be . The list of cameos is perhaps reason enough to watch this , and to be fair there is one genuinely funny scene where Jimmie is chased down the street by hundreds of wannabe brides . Yet its sappy conclusion and too-perfect-to-be true realisation of Jimmie at the end that he does love Anne make this one movie to miss .
 `` The Bachelor '' looks and feels like it was conceived , written , and filmed over a long-weekend , as if it were a rehearsal for a real movie . Watching this is absolutely exhausting , as the script limps along in mind-numbingly obvious directions . Overall the acting is poor , but is otherwise shackled by inane dialogue . I 'm ashamed for not having found something better to with with the 90 + minutes this movie stole from me .
 This is first time I have been compelled to write a bad review , but frankly , this movie was bad . Do n't get me wrong , there is nothing I love more than a romantic comedy . However , this was not romantic and not funny . I did n't expect an Academy Award winning movie , just a cute , entertaining , romantic comedy . It did n't deliver . The two stars have been great in everything I have seen them in , but this movie just did not work for them . I felt no chemistry between them , Chris O'Donnell just irritated me the entire movie , and the lines these actors were expected to deliver were horrible . I was embarrased watching this movie . I 've read the previous reviews and I must say I 'm interested in seeing the original so I can see what they could have done with this movie . Skip this one and see `` Return to Me '' when it comes out on DVD/Video .
 This movie was horrid . He only wanted to marry because he thought he had to . And he was going get some money . Save your money this movie suck .
 Do n't watch this movie . It 's simply so stupid that nothing can save it from itself . and it is as bad as the other 1 star reviews say . -LRB- I will mention the one highlight , Brook Shields later . -RRB- A point I 'd like to raise is that the movie is nauseatingly sexist . I 'm pleasantly amazed by what a long way we 've come since 1999 . The premise is that men want to roam free like mustangs , whereas women want to lasso them as if they had no life , other than to get married , and as if men had no purpose other than , well , what ? Oh , to compulsively chase after women . This is what I do n't get about this idea
 It would be nice to be able to tell people that `` The Bachelor '' is a funny , interesting story about a man facing the inevitable commitment of marriage with fear and trepidation . It would be nice , but it wo n't happen , because while this movie starts with a good premise and then gives the viewer a strong half-hour of entertainment , it ends up being a tedious film with too many cliches , weak characters and an all to predictable ending.The story of Jimmie -LRB- the usually good Chris O'Donnell -RRB- , who finds himself moving closer and closer to losing his prized bachelorhood as one by one his friends get married off . Jimmie finally decides it is time to propose to his long-time girlfriend -LRB- the beautiful , talented Renee Zellweger -RRB- despite the fact that he is not ready to settle down . Predictably , his proposal goes badly and he is forced to deal with the consequences of his actions . The immediate aftermath of the proposal is very funny , and if the movie had stuck to following these two characters attempts at repairing their romance , this could have been a very good movie . Instead , the movie slants off in a `` Brewster 's Million '' - type storyline involving an inheritance that can only be earned with a marriage and children . Jimmie 's search for a bride is not interesting , not funny and the end is way too predictable.It is especially unfortunate that the makers of this film chose to take the movie where they did , because it wastes a very good cast and fails to take advantage of a nice chemistry that O'Donnell and Zellweger showed early in the film . Zellweger 's performance is as good as any she has given and O'Donnell does as much as he can with his poorly written character . With Ed Asner , Hal Holbrook , James Cromwell -LRB- who 's scene with O'Donnell in a boat is the only good part of the last two-thirds of this film -RRB- and Shani Engum , the supporting cast is filled with capable actors who are given nothing to work with . It would have been nice to see this cast put together in a good film.Overall , despite the good start and fine cast , this movie does not provide good entertainment . It is too bad , because it could have been so much better .
 This movie just felt so cheesy and its so pathetic how this guy asks every woman to marry him . Its a fun date movie but that 's all , nothing special . I just felt that the whole movie was recycled and I 'm one of those people that wants a little more originality to movies . Besides it reminds me of those cheesy reality tv shows that they have on tv . It just did n't work for me .
 So , I saw the ad for this one and thought , Chris O'Denell as a loveable Bachelor , looks like fun ... but was I ever in for a let down . THis movie is just awful . And on a side note , the depiction of 30-something women as gold-digging , husband-hungry , cometitive maniacs is rather bizzare .
 Anytime you come across a comedy that 's well written , superbly acted and delivered , and really funny to boot , it 's a treat . Unfortunately , `` The Bachelor , '' directed by Gary Sinyor , is not one of them . Beginning with the voice-over narration of star Chris O'Donnell , which draws an inane analogy between young , single , American males and wild mustangs , and on through the rest of the contrivances of the lame story , right to the end , this movie is a disaster . Right out of the gate , it breaks the first rule of successful comedy
 Accckkk ! What a venal , stupid , stupid film ! What a tragic waste of high-quality character actors!With the likes of Asner , Holbrook , Cromwell , one would have hoped for something entertaining , but even these three -LRB- and whoever it was they got to pretend to be Oliver Platt -RRB- are incapable of overcoming the feeble script and overwhelming aura of vapidity emanating from the Boy Wonder himself , Chris O'Donnell . The problem with O'Donnell is that , as an actor with this part , he has to convince the viewer that he is commitment-phobic . In order to do so , he has to overcome his very public persona as the most domesticated , least dangerous man in young Hollywood today . He is the anti-Christian Slater . Forget Michael J. Fox , this man has no Elvis in him.The beginning of the movie compares bachelorhood to being a `` mustang . '' A rather pathetic comparison , and it does n't work -- O'Donnell seems more like a puppy that just is eager to please.O ` Donnell does n't deserve all the blame . The screenplay is a lackadaisical hash . The direction is , at best , standard . Somehow , the sequence involving an army of brides marauding through San Francisco , chasing after Chris O'Donnell -LRB- one hopes for a bacchanal rending of the flesh -RRB- , loses its potential for giddy absurdity . Ren&eacute;e Zellweger is adequate in her stomping and frustration with her boyfriend , but it is surely not enough to compensate.A couple of bright spots
 This is just an extended version of The Three Stooges short `` Brideless Groom '' in which Shemp stood to inherit $ 500,000.00 if he got married within 7 hours . A clear indication that Hollywood has long past run out of ideas .
 I watched this movie in the cinema and it was for my friends that I did n't leave after 30 minutes . This movie is so predictable that you already know how it is going to end after 15 minutes . I have to admit the first 10 minutes were endurable but after that ... This movie is really very bad . The cast is uninspired and uncharismatic and the story is just a 13-in-a-dozen routine lovestory . An absolutely `` no go '' .
 The Bachelor is a movie with great intentions . The plot is cute , even though unrealistic . The actors are even good . However , that je ne sais quoi , the indescribable something , that all great movies have is missing from this film . I found myself during the comedic scenes wanting to laugh , but not finding any reason to do so . The touching scenes almost warmed my heart , but not quite . I wanted to like the movie , but I could n't . The characters were unlikeable , however well acted . The only enjoyable part was Anne played by Renee Zellwegger and , unfortunately , too much of the movie was absent of her . Somewhere along the road to greatness , The Bachelor stopped at mediocrity . Trust me , this one is n't worth the trip .
 I found this movie to be silly and at times irritating . It did have a few -LRB- very few -RRB- touching moments , and 1 or 2 chuckles but this is NOT a keeper . The film is blatant in its use of stereotypes -LRB- desperate women/weak men -RRB- . It was hard to be sympathetic with Chris O'Donnell 's character , when he was willing to throw away the `` love of his life '' for 100Million $ , oh , wait , he was making the sacrifice for his employees . And why was everyone -LRB- especially the lawyer -RRB- so surprised by the amount of money in the estate ?
 Sugary-sweet and woefully lame , The Bachelor stumbles on its way to the altar . Chris O'Donnell stars as a good-natured guy who adores his adorable girlfriend -LRB- Renee Zellweger -RRB- , but just ca n't commit to her , just ca n't work himself into a marrying man . And so she leaves . Unfortunately , it 's right about now that O'Donnell 's grumpy grandfather -LRB- Peter Ustinov -RRB- kicks the proverbial bucket . And what does gramp 's do ? Yes , that 's right , he leaves the millions of dollars behind for O'Donnell , but only if he marries by the time he is 30 years old . O'Donnell does n't really want the hassle , but the family-owned company wil get the hostile take-over treatment if he does n't come up with the money to save it . So what does O'Donnell do ? He chases down Zellweger , who can see in his eyes that he 's not coming from the heart . She refuses and O'Donnell is forced to track down every ex-girlfriend he 's ever had , imploring them to marry him . Of course , O'Donnell soon realizes that true love was right there all along , but now it might be too late.It 's a terribly familiar plot , and it 's put across with increasing desperation and sentimentality . Even a wonderful cast ca n't salvage the mess . O'Donell is all charm , no depth . Zellwegger makes every word and every emotion feel real , but it 's as if she 's in a different , better movie . Marley Shelton , a rising star , scores points as Zellwegger 's supportive sister , while Ed Asner and Hal Holbrook chew the scenery as O'Donnell 's friends/advisers , and James Cromwell treads weater -LRB- barely hiding his embarrassment -RRB- as a priest who sticks with O'Donnellm in case he finds Mrs. Right.Director Gary Sinyor tries every old trick in the book , from quick cuts to dream sequences , from cameos to blaring songs . Too bad Sinyor did n't let the story do the job.As it stands , any marriage between The Bachelor and its audience is bound to be brief and movie-goers can cite a premeditated overdose of schmaltz for the inevitable break-up .
 The story
 I do n't mind implausible stories , but only if the film makers can pull it off . I was sad to discover that Chris O'Donnell ca n't act . I had n't noticed before because he was well cast in a few other roles , but fortunately never had to carry a story . Part of the problem might go to the director . In fact the director is highly suspect . The timing was off and there is no evidence that the man in charge had any clear view of what he wanted to bring out in the characters or storyline . I was sorry I spent the money on the rental . Do n't bother .
 Chris O'Donnell certainly has the potential to be a great actor . He should not waste is time selling just his pretty face . The plot was non-existent and when it existed it was too transparrent.We love Ren&eacute;e Zellweger , her roll in Jerry Macquire was perfect . She had virtually no lines worth remembering . The best part of the film came when the Priest was speaking with O'Donnel on the lake near the Palace of Fine Arts . O'Donnell realized what love was , at least for him.One more point . Unless Ren&eacute;e Zellweger 's character and that of her roommate were making more than $ 500,000 per year , they could not have afforded that appartment . I have been in that appartment , the rent was $ 5,500 per month and the condo was worth more than $ 1.5 million . You figure !
 I do not understand how anyone could have enjoyed this film . The acting was terrible , as was the story . It barely held my attention , and I also felt that it was demeaning to women , in that it portrayed women as stereotypical psycho 's who will do anything to get married , and to get their hands on a man 's money ! Renee Zelwegger & Chris O'Donnell were both a waste this film . I would n't watch it again , and wished I 'd have listened to others who told me not to see it ...
 The bargain-rack movie for last night was `` The Bachelor . '' I guess it was one of these things that was supposed to be a romantic comedy . It starred Chris O'Donnell and Renee Zellweger and had a remarkable assortment of big names in smaller supporting roles . I 'm amazed at this cast . However , the whole thing was a complete bomb . It was a comedy that just turned out to be embarrassing in it 's effort to be funny . O'Donnell came across more as a dip , suffering from a terminal case of foot-in-mouth disease , than a leading man , which would be okay for a comedy if it was funny . It was n't . To her credit , Zellweger was one of the few cast members that was at least partly believable . Ed Asner and some of the other big names should crawl in a hole.In any case , O'Donnell played a bachelor who had reached the old age of 30 . His obnoxious grandfather thought he should be married and left him 100 million dollars in his will provided he was married within about a week . Well , he completely goofed his proposal to his rather nice girlfriend -LRB- Zellweger -RRB- and then went on a streak of asking everyone he had been going out with in his recent history in order to meet the fast-closing deadline in the will . One by one . You guessed it . All blunders , and all rejections . How dumb can something get ? Next , his plight got into the newspapers and hundreds of potential bridesmaids , all dressed in wedding gowns and all with their eyes on the $ 100 million , streamed after him in riotous fashion . We 're supposed to laugh . Get it ? This movie just got to be so bad that I could n't bear to sit through it until the end . Enough ! I breathed a sigh of relief as I turned it off . The supposed comedy was just a total failure ! All associated with it should hang their heads in shame , Renee Zellweger exempted.Gary Peterson
 I wanted to like John Cassavetes , I really did . I love the idea of total disregard for the system , complete focus on the actors -LRB- sloppy technicalities be damned -RRB- , & being as intimate & realistic as possible . However , this requires realistic acting and likable characters . The acting , especially in the opening drinking scene , is HORRIBLE . No one acts like this when they 're drunk ; it 's way too overdone , even for theater it would be overdone , & it 's embarrassing to watch . These characters just talk & talk , going in circles
 This film is difficult to watch for many reasons . It is below average both artistically and technically . The film is a classic of its genre but for me HUSBANDS and WOMAN UNDER THE INFLUENCE are much better as films . -LSB- Note how the excessive laughter in FACES is annoying and unrealistic whilst in HUSBANDS it is natural and enjoyable . -RSB-
 I thought Cassavetes ' `` A Woman Under the Influence '' was brilliant , but I 'm sorry to say I only lasted 20 minutes into Faces before turning it off . I know it is supposed to be ground-breaking , influential , a masterpiece , etcetera , but I just could not take the annoying characters any longer . The first 20 minutes appeared to be some improvisational piece that had over-stayed its welcome.I respect what Cassavetes did for American independent film , but I think you really have to love experimental film to enjoy Faces .
 This is a compilation of training films and old b & w films , repeated over and over in the DVDs . Poorly done .
 To be blunt , I did n't go beyond the first 15 min . The quality was crap and the story too predictable . Basically , it was , Analyse this ! but a good guy who was loosing his biscuits instead of a mobster . woot . no , not really . I am a huge fan of Liam Neeson ... this was more of a disapointment than Star wars Ep one . . you know , where he died ?
 Two friends of mine ranted and raved how this movie was fantastic . Now , admittedly they were n't comparing it to the likes of &#34; Avengers &#34; or even &#34; Taken &#34; , but they said I simply HAD to see it.I did n't see the hype . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a big fan of all three of the actors in it . I guess I just could n't get behind the story . And cinematography wise it 's got the feel of a made-for-TV movie , not an actual cinematic outing.Is it a MUST SEE flick ... not really . Catch it if you 've got some free time & do n't have anything better to watch . But it 's a long way from Liam 's best work .
 LOVE Liam Neeson , but this was not his best film by any stretch . Three of us watched it and all wondered what the heck was going on . Would not recommend .
 Liam plays a character whose undercover cop career has reached the point of turning him into a mental wreck with serious gastrointestinal issues . The story stinks , the acting is mostly marginal -LRB- Sandra Bullock is good as always , but is a small role here -RRB- and this was simply just a total waste of time .
 Extremely boring with a very weak storyline . This is compounded by the fact that it is very poorly executed . You will start snoring after the first 10 minutes as you realize that there is no character development at all ! This movie was so aweful it put me off from seeing other movies for a week ... it was that bad ! Minus 2 stars !
 Did I not GET this movie or something ? Every review I 've read on Amazon has given it 5 stars , and it did nothing for me . I got bored halfway through , probably cos I was n't paying any attention whatsoever , and by the ending , I was completely and utterly lost , and could n't make head or tail of the storyline by that point ! And I was sober too.What was extremely disappointing too , was Oliver Platt . I normally love him in films - but normally any film I 've seen him in , he 's been playing a comedy role . Not in this . I think he was supposed to be the bad guy in this , and it totally did n't suit him . He 's great as the comedy guy , the guy making you laugh.Sandra has a very small role in this , but she also produces . She 's produced a couple of other films has n't she ? Two Weeks Notice , Murder by Numbers , Miss Congeniality , and Hope Floats . And I liked only half of those . The first two were absolute rubbish . Some people should only be allowed to do certain things , and certainly should n't think they can try their hand at everything.I do n't know whether I 'm just cynical about relationships at the moment , but the whole relationship between Sandra & Liam Neeson 's character just did n't ring true with me . They say people can fall in love with someone they meet in the strangest places , but would you really fall in love with someone who performed an enema on you ?! It just did n't seem right.I 'm sorry to give this film such a low rating , but obviously I watched a completely different film from the rest of you . I doubt I 'll watch it again . The enema scene was just too weird .
 Why is there no zero star rating ? Get my point ?
 This has to be one of the worst movies I have seen . What a waste of talent & money . One has to wonder what someone was thinking when this was made . I could only stand to watch half of it . . Do n't waste your time & money .
 My husband and I watched this over the weekend . We were both very lost for about the first 25 minutes . Finally we watched the trailer to see if it was worth watching the rest of it . Watching the trailer helped - but not completely.This is by far - NOT our favorite movie of all time .
 This was a terrible movie . Liam Neeson and Sandra Bullock should have stayed far away from this movie and made sure it was never released . The only redeeming feature was the performance of Oliver Platt .
 Gun Shy -LRB- Eric Blakeney , 2000 -RRB- It 's utterly amazing to me , even after so many examples of it , that a film comtaining A-list , top-of-the-line B-list , and excellent underrated actors can still miss the mark so widely , but there it is.Gun Shy is Eric Blakeney -LRB- Baywatch , Generation X -RRB- 's big-screen debut , and casting-wise , at least , he pulled out all the stops . Liam Neeson is a DEA agent who 's become disenchanted with his job , and it 's turned him into something of a neurotic . He 's assigned to go undercover to sting the mob , and he meets a similarly neurotic hit man , whom he befriends -LRB- Oliver Platt -RRB- , while falling in love with , yes , his enema nurse -LRB- Sandra Bullock -RRB- and trying to achieve rapport with his support group.Sound like a cute comedy ? It could have been . Or a decent thriller , playing the mob-infiltration angle . Human drama ? Well , maybe not , given the enema-nurse angle , but it might have managed a stab in the right direction . Romance ? Maybe . Combine any two of those and you may manage a serviceable movie ; comedy-action thrillers have been all the rage since Lethal Weapon . But even that vaunted team could n't add a third element and keep it working correctly -LRB- did anyone really like Lethal Weapon 3 ? -RRB- . Not surprisingly , Blakeney comes up with a mess that looks like someone attempted to cook spaghetti , with sauce , in a pressure cooker that exploded . Pass on this one . Really . * 1/2
 This is not a good movie . Neeson is so wooden , even when crying , he should be standing in front of a cigar store . Bullock is her normal chirpy self , cute but with limited depth . The premise is misguided , and the writing and editing perfunctory . All of the actors can be seen in better performances elsewhere . Save your money .
 This is a classic example of how a good cast ca n't save a bad writer/director . Someone must have called in a lot of favors to get this cast paired with Eric Blakeney in his first feature film . The story was ininspired and the directing was awful.This film attempts to be a cross between ` Donnie Brasco ' and ` Analyze This ' and is a poor imitation on both counts . The comedy was sophomoric slapstick and just did n't fit well with the police story . At times I was n't sure whether Blakeney intended this to be a lampoon of cop movies or a comedy cop caper . It does n't really matter . It did n't work either way.It was incongruous to see actors like Liam Neeson and Sandra Bullock in a film with such a low budget look and such poor direction . The dialogue was eyerolling bad . Blakeney tried to be clever , but just succeeded in making a fool of everyone , especially himself for writing this tripe.Liam Neeson was miscast in this role . He is a great dramatic actor , but a comedian he will never be . Sandra Bullock did n't really have much to do here other than bring another name to the marquee . Oliver Platt was the closest thing to providing saving grace to this film as he was consistently funny.Eric Blakeney and Hollywood Pictures should be tried and convicted for actor and audience abuse with this film . I rated it a 3/10 . Even Neeson and Bullock fans will want to miss this one .
 I must admit that the previews for Gun Shy showed some of the best scenes of the movie . I did n't get any laughs off of this movie . The cast was good -LRB- Liam Neeson , Oliver Platt , Sandra Bullock -RRB- but to me the story was long and drawn out . I can only recommend that you rent this one first , you might be greatly disappointed if you spend your hard earned dollars on this .
 This is yet another example of someone trying so hard to tell a story , yet failing miserably in all aspects . Case in point
 This DVD ca n't be played as it 's region 1 and Australia is in Region 2 . Waste of time and money .
 The movie started with many starts and stops , less than 3mins into the movie it froze never to start again , I tried to contact Amazon to complain about it , could not get to first base , by the way you have several romeo & juliet which once I saw them , could ` nt them back on the menu , please take this charge off my account .
 I got this from Amazon . I think it 's a copy the quality is so bad.I bught this to replace a video I had . I 've loved this movie since I was about 16 when it came out - gee 40 years ago .
 I purchased this online because it stated the disc was in good condition and I can not watch but twenty minutes of it before it is freezing up , skipping and delaying . You get what you pay for , I guess .
 Bloated 1968 version of Shakespeare 's tale of star-crossed lovers . Despite the incredibly expensive production design , despite the authentic costumes and locales , despite the doubtless much-rehearsed sword-duel between Leonard Whiting and Michael York , despite the then-relevant echoes of youth counterculture , the movie remains reminiscent of a Cliffs Notes Shakespeare put on by your local high school . In one respect it 's refreshing to see actual teenagers play the roles
 I read the play Romeo and Juliet in my Shakespeare class , and thought is was a very good play . But when I saw this movie I was very dissapointed . The acting in the movie is just HORRIBLE.On all the parts , it is either overdone or underdone.And on top of that , they cut out alot of dialogue toward the end.I think there is a reason why Shakespeare wrote these plays for the stage . I would reccomend the version with Leonardo Dicaprio and Claire Daines over this one .
 I think this movie follows the play very well , but scene 13 is horrible . There is full nudity which is not necessary . I have seen movies and plays and am shocked that a G rated movie would show not only Romeo 's rear but Juliet 's breasts . I would never recommend this version for students of any age .
 this movie was just bad . several important scenes and speeches were left out , the actors overacted everything -LRB- esp.Romeo and Juliet -RRB- . and there was no need for a 2 minute gratuitous shot of romeo 's butt
 This film is completely stupid and boring . It is the worst movie I have ever seen and I do n't plan on seeing a movie worse than this one . The acting sucked and the nudity scene was unnecessary . The rest of the movie was so boring ! Even the fight with Tybalt was boring . I watched this in High School and everyone in my class hated this movie .
 The only reason I watched this movie is because it was a required see from a class in college I was enrolled in .
 The film looks great , the music is legendary , so why ca n't I recommend this love story ? I have two quibbles , and they are BIG ones
 This disc is OK if you really do n't care about quality . The prints they used show alot of wear . For `` HE WALKED BY NIGHT '' , i would suggest you buy the disc put out by MGM . The print they used here for `` TOO LATE FOR TEARS '' looks like the same one that Image Entertainment used . It has several splices and scratches . TOO LATE FOR TEARS was also released under the title `` KILLER BAIT '' which is available in a better quality print in a 6 disc set called `` 5 Killer Film Noir Classics '' . As for `` KANSAS CITY CONFIDENTIAL '' , if i remember right the disc put out by Image is of better quality . -LRB- This review is for the `` Film Noir Triple Feature Vol . 1 '' disc put out by Goodtimes Video '' -RRB-
 I was extremely disappointed with Airplane II
 Airplane 2 is a friggin awesome movie , but the DVD is horrible . Many key scenes that move the plot along are missing such as what Sonny Bono is doing on the flight in the first place and why Simon leaves the ship half through the flight . The editors for this DVD version were asleep at the wheel and have left us with a bad version to view . DVD fans that were waiting on this film need to wait longer for a better version . Stick with your VHS copy .
 Let me start off by saying I loved the first Airplane and consider it to be the best comedy ever . So I 'm not a hater of the genre . When I first saw Airplane about two years ago I laughed until I cried . Just days after seeing it I was in an electronic store and saw Airplane 2 on DVD . Assuming it was made by the guys that made the original I bought it , oh how wrong I was . This is nothing but a sad attempt to copy the success of the original . Paramount asked the Zuckers and Jim Abrahams to do the sequel , when they declined saying there 's not enough jokes left to do a sequel Paramount just hired some other guy to do it . The result , Airplane 2 crashes and burns .
 Airplane II is the perfect sequel to a parody movie like Airplane ! . As a major complaint about sequels is they simply repeat the original with subtle changes it only makes sense for the sequel to Airplane to address this directly by almost copying some jokes almost verbatim . I sometimes enjoy the sequel more because the jokes never stop , in Airplane ! , the last 20 minutes were slow with the jokes as the plot was being wrapped up.I am giving the DVD only 1 star because it only has the movie , no special features not even an audio commentary . I would have loved to have the theatrical version and a version with every scene available . The movie is only 86 minutes ; there would have been room on the DVD.The movie itself gets 5 stars
 This possibly can be a spoiler , and i say this because I am a fan of comedies . The problem I had with this film is that , within the first seconds of the film , the viewer -LRB- s -RRB- is exposed to some brief female nudity . That would not have warranted a warning , if it was not for this fact . The movie is rated PG.There might be some that would not find that problematic , but I intend on being able to share many of the films that I own with those that are youthful in my family.The opening scene is troubling to me.It showed women being scanned and then their naked bodies were displayed on a screen for all to see . That was going a little TOO far .
 Viewed
 Weak , derivative , and thoroughly unfunny - classic example of a studio cashing in with the old Good Movie Rehash . -LRB- ... -RRB- . Although what 's funny and what is n't is often a matter of opinion , the element of surprise is what defines humor . We laugh when the unexpected happens . But having seen it all before in the original , nothing - and I mean NOTHING - is funny in Airplane 2 . Even the new jokes are variations on a theme . Save your money and watch Airplane ! twice .
 Okay , we all know this is n't the best sequel out there but it has its moments . However I find it SHAMEFUL that this version is missing many scenes that are shown on TV . -LRB- Simon in escape pod , Sonny Bono 's reason for being on the flight , The Sarge explaining potential bomb damage , Striker reading ` Modern Electronics ' , the list goes on ! -RRB- Why leave out scenes on a DVD is beyond me .
 After seeing this movie , I felt like it was the same movie just with some line and character changes . Both have an old lady who dies listening to Robert Hays , it was funny in the first one but , come on , think of something different . Also , both talk about him escaping from the mental hospital . We know about that already it does not need to be said again , and I could go on and on . I laughed , but not because of this one , because it reminds me of the first one . The original part in this one that made me laugh was the court scene , other than that it is just an experience in deja vu . GRADE
 Sequels are often cheap imitations of the original and more often than not , they 're usually pretty bad . And `` Airplane 2
 I was looking for AIRPORT and ordered AIRPLANE by mistake.I have since ordered and received AIRPORT that I have enjoyed .
 Two words
 Very dissapointed , but then sequels are very seldom better than the origional . I can highly recommend the origional , one of the funniest flying movies everRon Nash
 No audio commentary to find out what the director was thinking ... Airplane II is a travesty . Even if the movie had n't hastily re-staged almost all the same jokes , excluded the presence of Leslie Nielsen , and generally just sucked ... it gets major horror points for having , at least on the VHS copy , a short animation after the credits saying `` Coming Next Year from Paramount Pictures
 Are you easily amused by recycled jokes that are n't up to par ? If so buy this movie . If you demand quality then watch only the original Airplane.Instead of fresh new comedy this sequel attempts to RECYCLE old jokes from the original . Examples
 This movie is not what I expected . All they did was copy the same jokes from Airplane ! . I think that Abraham Zucker & Zucker could have done it better .
 Very nice history . Bought it to learn Chinese . So much background noise I could n't . Hear well . But nice movie . No surprises if watching with children . My grandsons -LRB- 5 & 8 -RRB- . Enjoyed .
 And there really is nothing wrong with it , other than I was maybe hoping for something really spectacular and intriguing , and what I got was kind of ... dull . Shadow Magic is about one of the first introductions of movies to China . In SM the person doing the introducing is Raymond Wallace , an englishman who 's wife had just recently left him . A young man named Liu , who is continually fascinated with western technology , allies himself next to Wallace to bring the movies , aka Shadow Magic , to China . Of course life is not easy , and it is tradition and the arranged marriage to the wrong woman that complicates matters . As I said earlier , I really wanted to like this movie . And honestly , I ca n't quite pin down what it was that disappointed me about it . It flows along at a considerable pace , and has that sweet sentmentality that countries like Ireland and England have practically put a copyright on . But I suppose I was expecting something more , and I was let down . Either which way , I would recommend this film for a historical aspect . But do n't expect anything above average .
 SACCO AND VANZETTI is not a terribly good movie , but it provides an interesting object lesson for American viewers . Although Hollywood has never had any compunction about turning the whole world 's history into a highly Americanized struggle between good and evil , foreign films about America 's past are pretty rare . If for no other reason than to see how another society views us , films like S&V are worth watching . The fact that the film dramatizes one of our less enlightened moments makes it that much more interesting.I do n't know enough about the Sacco and Vanzetti trial to assess the film 's treatment of it , but the filmmakers certainly make no effort to conceal their prejudices . Given when it was made -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , at the height of Radical Chic , it is hardly surprising that they indict the system that condemned the two Italian-American anarchists . Both are portrayed as helpless innocents . Riccardo Cucciolla 's Sacco particularly exudes the saintly aura of all New Left victims . The director , Guiliano Montaldo , is no Pontecorvo or Bertolucci or Rosi . He does n't have the gift of making leftist politics ravishingly beautiful , but he 's a competent hypester who knows how to keep things jumping . He 's helped considerably by Gian Maria Volonte 's powerful presence as Vanzetti . -LRB- Volonte is probably best known to American audiences for his villainous performances in the first two Leone/Eastwood spaghetti westerns , first as Ram&oacute;n , Eastwood 's chief antagonist in FISTFUL OF DOLLARS , then as Indio , the psychopathic bank robber in FOR A FEW DOLLARS MORE . He was also the lead in Elio Petri 's INVESTIGATION OF A CITIZEN ABOVE SUSPICION . -RRB- I do n't know where S&V was shot . At a guess , probably Italy and England . With one or two exceptions , there is n't a location in it that feels remotely like Massachusetts , but that 's what makes the film fascinating . It may be wildly inaccurate -- but what does that say about American movies set in other countries ? If we assume that the people who made this are serious , talented individuals -LRB- and why doubt it ? -RRB- , then we have to conclude that the distortions we pick up in an American subject merely reflect similar distortions Hollywood imposes on the rest of the world . Or , to put it differently , there is no reason to believe that Italians have a monopoly on short-sighted , provincial visions of other countries . Remember that the next time you watch an American movie about World War II and all the Germans speak English with German accents .
 `` It happened before ... it can happen again ! '' Or so says the copy on the box . Gee , we hope not . The story of Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzaetti -- avowed anarchists who could not prove their whereabouts the day a shoe factory was robbed in South Braintree in which two men were murder and so were charged , tried and convicted -- has inspired -LRB- almost -RRB- as much copy as Monica and Bill 's `` crimes . '' Great tale , tepid flick . But we love Joan Baez warbling the title track .
 This movie is in black and white -LRB- better still , in black and red ! -RRB- and I do n't mean colorwise . It 's your standard politically-correct hagiography where good guys ooze beatitude , bad guys reek evil , and if you do n't root for the former , you belong with the latter . Like history told this way ? If so , then you 're gon na love it ; if not , at least you 'll get some laughs.Mind you , it 's not that I object the fake look , dubbed dialogue , hammy overacting or holier-than-thou attitude of everyone concerned in this dated political flick from the sixties ; I mean , we were all pretty much ridiculous ourselves back then . But Joan Baez 's awful lyrics and worst wailing tear apart the movie 's only redeeming asset
 I ordered this movie excited that I would get to see the original version of one of my favorite movies and when I opened the package it was the 1991 version which I already own ! I was very upset and I will NEVER order from them again !
 I am not afraid to stand on my little soapbox and say that typically I find that originals are enormously better than any remake could ever dream to be . When creating a remake , one can never seem to find that perfect balance that was found in the original . The characters , the unique situations , and the overall charm seem to be thrown out the window in luau of big box office names , CGI , and overdrawn clich&eacute;s . We all complain about them when we leave the theater and snicker when we see it . Well , I am here to say that finally , I have been proved wrong . The 1950s version of Father of the Bride was a far inferior version to the recent Steve Martin remake . Yes , you have heard it here first , but the Spencer Tracy/Elizabeth Taylor version lacked the humor , wit , and realism of insanity that the remake had . Tracy seemed like a distant father , not caring much about his actual daughter , but more about the expense of the wedding . Joan Bennett was nothing more than an emotionless cardboard wife that seemed to be harboring a disturbing hatred towards her present life . Elizabeth Taylor was a rich snob that was used to draw in audiences by using the classic `` eye candy '' trick . The story , the characters , the actors , the `` dated '' sensation of this film only confused me further on how this version of Father of the Bride could ever be considered a `` classic '' . I do not want to use this forum to compare this version to the Steve Martin version , but there were obvious problems with this film from the beginning . The complete lack of excitement from either parent when Taylor announces that she is getting married -LRB- and did anyone find that scene entirely random ? -RRB- shocked me . Even though we live in a completely different era , should n't there have been at least some reaction from Bennett and Tracy ? Tracy tried hard to convey the idea that he was worried about loosing his `` little girl '' , but what I witnessed instead was an issue of money . You could read in Steve Martin 's eyes that he loved his little girl , and his focus was making sure that she was n't marrying the wrong man . This older version of Father of the Bride has a central theme that revolves around money . Everything that happens in this film eventually leads back to Tracy complaining about how much money they are spending . I was surprised because I wanted to see Tracy react to who Taylor was marrying , not how much he had to spend to make her happy . It seemed to debunk the entire film and place this negative image on the entire marriage/event . The scene where Tracy asks Taylor to just run away and get married for $ 1200 was idiotic . This only solidified the randomness of the film and how Tracy had trouble grasping the true meaning of the picture.When the centralized theme is completely destroyed , one can only guess that a domino effect will occur which will hurt other avenues of this film . That is why the acting was so atrocious . Tracy showed no emotion about his daughter getting married . From the moment she informs the family of her decision until the final anti-climax climax when he shuffles around to find her , he never really opens himself up to her . That is what I needed to see between Tracy and Taylor , one of those father/daughter-bonding moments . Director Minnelli tried with the `` late night snack '' scene later in the film , but by that point I had lost it with Tracy . The same can be said for Joan Bennett , who literally went through every scene without a smile or a hint of emotion . I felt as if Tracy and Bennett were the epitome of a waspy family whose main concern was money instead of emotion . Could we get some passion into anyone in this film ? Hugging seemed to be the most valued way of demonstrating love , and while I realize that cinema was different then , did it have to be so unrealistic ? I hated Tracy and Bennett 's portrayal of husband and wife , which eventually turned me away from ever seeing them as an actual family , which only hurt this film further.Finally , I would like to say that there was one scene that I did enjoy and if the entire film would have had the same creativity then perhaps it could have redeemed itself . I loved the dream sequence that Tracy had about walking down the isle . I though that it was reminiscent of director Tim Burton 's early work . The black and white stripes gobbling up Tracy was perhaps a bit of an excited moment for me because it was something I was hoping for . Some evil floor devouring this mismatched actor . Alas , it was only a dream , but ca n't we all dream ? There was more scenes like this needed to really demonstrate the fears -LRB- outside of monetary issues -RRB- of loosing a daughter and the insanity of a marriage . There was n't , which again , hurt this film further.Overall , I did n't enjoy this film as much as I was hoping . I had always heard that this was a better version than the remake with Steve Martin , but upon watching it I found out it was not . This was a very unemotional , unapologetic look at the financial side of getting married . Tracy cared more about the dollar amount that he was spending instead of the interest of his own daughter . It was pathetic . There were a total of two decent scenes in the entire film -LRB- Tracy getting eaten by the floor and when he gets plowed at the in-law 's house -RRB- , but outside of that it was nothing but shambles . It hurt to watch this film because you knew it could have been better . With physical comedy , better actors , and a stronger emphasis on the true themes of the film , Father of the Bride may have been a winner.Grade
 Viewers who have fond memories of America of the 1950s may find this film amusing . Others will find it dated and wonder how anyone could have ever enjoyed it.The problem is one of values . Spencer Tracy plays a upper middle class lawyer , whose innocent daughter Elizabeth Taylor -LRB- somehow even a young Liz fails to cut it as as an ing&eacute;nue -RRB- announces one day that she has decided to marry Buckley Somebody . -LRB- Here , as in life , the groom is a cipher . It is telling that a no-name actor plays Buckley -RRB- . At first Dad is concerned that Liz will be marrying a pauper , but not to worry , Buckley 's family turns out to be rich -- in addition to having a larger house , they have a white maid , while Liz 's family only has Delilah , a black maid ! Good stuff.The most interesting aspect of the film is its depiction of 1950s `` sophistication ''
 Beware - this version of a classic film is COLORIZED . Those of you who love B&W films should stay away .
 `` The Next Best Thing '' attempts to accomplish three things
 In viewing the film , I happened to miss the opening titles , but in sumbmitting this review , I was shocked to find that John Schlesinger , one of my all time favorite directors , had something to do with this nonsense . Plus it hardly has a happy ending . Gay man and straight woman try to raise young son ... all is not well on the homefront!Madonna , first off looks horrid . Despite a well toned body , she has become frightening for me to look at . Though her acting is always slightly above average , the trite dialogue is not pulled off by either her or the always fine performances of Rupert Everett.On another note , I 'm actually beginning to believe that Neil Patrick Harris is gay . -LRB- Did n't he turn up on Will & Grace last season ? -RRB- This actor is so talented ! After all , we all believed that Doogie Howser really WAS a doctor ! His emotional performance of a man that looses his lover to AIDS should not go unnoticed.A few years back , there was a film that was similar in subject matter called The Object Of My Affection , with Jennifer Aniston , which ran circles around this movie . Mainly because it included something known as `` a good script '' . Something this film clearly does n't have.On the plus side , you have to give Schlesinger credit though for bringing to the screen what other directors would never in a million years . Next time John , read the script first .
 `` Chosen Family '' is an important concept to gay and lesbian people . Abbie -LRB- Madonna -RRB- , a straight yoga instructor , and Robert -LRB- Rupert Everett -RRB- , a gay landscaper , are best friends and , more importantly , chosen family . They 've been through a lot together , so when they have drunken sex one night and Abbie ends up pregnant , they decide to move in together and raise the child together in their own little unconventional family . Neither of them counts on Abbie meeting someone and falling in love . When it happens , things take a nasty turn that ends in the courtroom.As much as I love Madonna , there 's a reason why most of her movies flop . With the exception of Evita , she seems to have very bad taste in movie scripts . This one is slightly better than some of her other choices , but it 's really not all that special and it ca n't seem to decide what it wants to be , romantic comedy or serious family drama . Madonna and Rupert never seem to really inhabit their characters . Over all , it 's rather depressing . This movie definitely falls far short of what could have been a powerful statement about modern families and gay parents . Not recommended .
 Surely this marks the end of Madonna 's movie `` career '' . To be quite honest it 's not entirely her fault.The Next Best Thing is victim to flat direction and an awful script.Is this really the same John Schlesinger who made a film called Midnight Cowboy over thirty years ago ? ...
 Thank your `` Lucky Star '' if you miss this one . This movie is so bad I do n't know where to start . I do n't like Madonna to begin with . It 's bad enough that I have to hear her belt out her crappy pop ditties on the radio and see her face plastered on magazine covers , but this so-called `` movie '' is quite possibly the worst thing she 's unleashed on the public . It 's even worse than `` Body of Evidence '' and that 's saying something . Maybe I 'm prejudiced against Madonna , but I was willing to give this movie a chance ... boy , do I regret it . I want my two hours back .
 My advice to Madonna - leave the film world to your husband . Madonna 's `` acting '' was painful and detracted from an already bad script . The movie starts in the wrong place
 This movie is a major disappointment mostly because it has a great idea -LRB- a gay man and straight woman raising a child -RRB- but the movie ultimately sabotages it and the result is indulgent , dull and smug . Although Madonna and Rupert Everett have a nice chemistry , that 's about the only good thing about the movie . The script is terrible and the choices made seem less from the director than Madonna and Rupert themselves . Madge insisted her character be changed from a school teacher to a yoga instructor . It 's silly and Madonna , like in many of her films except for Evita and Swept Away , never connects with the character . The strange lighting -LRB- especially around Madonna 's eyes -RRB- is distracting and seems to take on a new type of lighting in film
 ... the best would be if it was never made as it was.Thestory idea is silly . ... Rupert Everett plays a very stereotypicalgay man and Madonna plays a self-absorbed yoga teacher . Their actingis mediocre since the material they are working with is terrible.When the woman 's first boyfriend in the movie dumps her , he also heapston of praise on her which sounds more like character description in aHarlequin novel.Another poor facet of the writing is the use ofneedless characters . What did Neal Patrick Harris ' character even addto the film ? What of the man who died ? It seemed as if the dead manwas only mentioned so the characters would have an excuse to sing , asMadonna 's character called it , `` Don McLean 's ` AmericanPie ' , '' which seems as silly as refering to a song as `` PaulMcCartney 's ` Yesterday ' . `` Well , okay , Rupert 's acting isterrible due to the writing . With Madonna , we also get to hear thatannoying ever-changing fake Brit accent in the film.There were somegood things about this film . Madonna contributed a wonderful originalsong , `` Time Stood Still . '' The cinematography was alsostrong . So I guess if one could mute the film except for the onesong , it 'd be a decent film.It 's hard to believe that the directorwas ever an Oscar contender by looking at this film atrocity.As forthe DVD itself , I was n't able to get the trailers to work on one of myDVD players . The featurette gives more praise to the film than anactual `` making-of '' would have done , tho.If you 're adie-hard Madonna fan , you 'll probaby want this movie , but it is amongher worst -LRB- Considering that list includes `` Foor Rooms '' and `` Shanghai Surprise '' that is no easy feat -RRB- . How RupertEverett could be a part of this is beyond me . But overall , it 's a sadrevelation of just how far director John Schlesinger fell .
 OMG . This movie is a -5 Madonnas ridiculous half British accent is beyond annoying.If the people working with her had any kind of balls they would of told her she sounds like an idiot.The director should of forced her to clean this up.Brit 's everywhere cringe at it and as a yank who knows accents and has many British friends I was disgusted at the pompous mixed up cadence in her affected wannabe fake accent.Now that I got that out of my system , the acting in this movie is so bad , they should show it at acting schools on what not to do.So wooden , her timing is awful . My gosh her voice is so flat and monotone.She did seem to suddenly lose her accent in the scenes with just her and the kid and was not bad.She made sure she looked good in every scene , and like someone else said the lighting man must of been paid extra to give her soft golden light no matter what the scene was.Also rather gagging was the way everyone keeps telling her how beautiful and wonderful she is ??? What was that all about?It rang hollow and contrived to say the least.Rupert did the best with what he had , the little boy was pretty good and Benjamin Bratt was the most believable thing in the whole movie . -LRB- except when he told her he loved her ! -RRB- Then when she just moves out and takes the boy , it gets ugly . -LRB- ier -RRB- It is very cliched and gay bashing , like sterotype statements about being gay and from people who oppress the gays.It seems very 1980-early 90 's , move on already.Lawyers and judges in NY would of never said that stuff . Then when Rupert makes his speech saying `` It seems all I do is worry about blood , my whole life is about blood '' What is that?Many people have already told the twist in here , but they really messed up by making the kid not really his.What a mess this movie is . It never seemed to decide what it was trying to say or be . Comedy ? Drama ? New family roles ? Sell out at the end?It did keep my attention for a few hours on TV , where it seemed like it should of been in the first place , -LRB- total lifetime movie and a bad one -RRB- The ending is so abrupt I think the producers knew it was unfixable.Watching the actors muddle through this mess was entertaining in it 's own sick way ! Now I feel like watching a real movie to get rid of the taste of this one .
 This is a hateful , hateful movie ... I do n't think Madonna is a terrible actress - she 'll never be `` a movie star '' , but she is n't that bad -LRB- minus some occasional over-acting -RRB- ... and she is n't bad in this movie ... she is not the one who ruined it . It 's the storyline that is horrible ... I started watching this movie , not expecting much . About half way through the film , so far , so good - it held my interest and I was entertained . Then it seems as though the writers had no idea where to take this movie , and it went downhill fast . . We all know the plot - Abbie gets pregnant by her best friend , a homosexual man -LRB- Rupert Everett -RRB- , and they decide to raise the child together . Enter Benjamin Bratt , who wants to marry Abbie and move to New York . Rupert does n't want his son to live on the other side of the country , and a nasty custody battle ensues ... ok , I thought Madonna 's character and Rupert 's character were supposed to be the bestest of buddies ... I thought that was the basis of the film ... who better to raise a child than 2 great friends til the end ??? The degree to which these 2 slam each other in the custody suit is ridiculous and depressing . So much for being best friends ... Their treatment of each other pretty much invalidated the entire movie for me . Just plain awful .
 Amber -LRB- Madonna -RRB- is a single woman in her late 30s whose biological clock is ticking , but she is unable to find the right man to father her child . Her ex has just dumped her so her loneliness leads her to seek comfort in the arms of her best friend Robert -LRB- Rupert Everett -RRB- who happens to be gay . But one 4th of July the drunken pair have a one night stand . Just one of those stupid spur of the moment things ; not unlike shampooing your hair with methylated spirits and drying it off with a blowtorch . Life is strange . Well , Madge ends up preggers and wants to keep the baby . But soon she falls in love with Benjamin Bratt ... The unconventional family angle present here will raise the ire of many a United Future MP -LRB- which in my opinion is always a good thing -RRB- , but really that 's the only positive comment I can make about this drivel . THE NEXT BEST THING is by turns unconvincing , pompous and soapy . How could John `` Midnight Cowboy '' Schlesinger of all people , make a movie like this?However , there are a few unintentional laughs scattered here and there . Early on Madonna screams at her ex , just before he leaves her
 I had high expectations for this movie and anticipated what I should expect with controversial storyline and the incredible cast . However , it saddens me that the movie lacked realism and honesty . Being a huge Madonna fan , I really was hoping for more , but her performance felt forced and lacked sincerity . I felt most of the performaces individually were outstanding , but with Madonna 's `` acting '' the film just did n't work . I do encourage you to see it , explore it , and make your own opinions , but that is mine and I 'm staying woth it .
 I had heard bad reviews about this movie . However , I tossed them aside as I seem to generally enjoy movies that get panned by critics . I do n't necessarily think a movie always should be `` deep '' , if it 's entertaining , then that 's enough for me . So I went into this with an open mind . For once , I think I should have listened to the critics . This movie was just awful . About ten minutes into watching it , my husband and I debated turning it off , but the frugal side of us won over.I am a Madonna fan . The only movie I have watched with her has been `` Desperately Seeking Susan '' , which I do n't think was much of a stretch for her . In `` The Next Best Thing '' , she comes across very stiff and uncomfortable to the camera . She even looks well past her 40 years of age due to harsh light . But that 's beside the point . The point is she was not comfortable in this role and it shows . It seems as though she was dubbed as lot as well . And the fake English accent was horrendous . My husband and I agreed that she was awful in the beginning and end , however , she seemed to relax in the middle . Maybe they shot the beginning and ending scenes first ? That might explain it.Rupert Everett is typically charming , yet I still had trouble caring about his character . His relationship with Madonna seemed forced , not natural . And his behavior at the end , although some people may find it justified , made me dislike his character even more . Benjamin Bratt seemed to be the only natural actor in this movie - too bad he could n't save it.I can not fathom that while making this the director , producer , etc. thought that this movie was worthwhile . Perhaps with another actress it could have been better ? We 'll never know . All I do know is that I never want to watch this movie again . As my husband so eloquently put , `` That 's an hour and a half I 'll never get back . ''
 This movie is SO bad , it 's almost painful to watch . Full of cliches , despite trying to be `` edgy '' with the gay issues and the whole yoga thing . Madonna 's acting is so poor , probably because she was concentrating so veddy hard on trying to enunciate and use British inflections
 First , I 'd like to say that I am a huge madonna fan . I own all of her CDs , many singles and many movies -- well , except this one.Synopsis
 I put off seeing this for a long time due to the extremely bad reviews , but got cornered into seeing it the other day . I did find some admirable things about it , which I 'll end the review to put it on a positive note . But it also has a bunch of problems which makes one think that Hollywood 's idea of the world earns them the title of `` La-La-Land '' . The story involves a pair of best friends , a gay male and hetero female , who have a drunken liason one night that produces a child . What I thought was going to be a comedy -LRB- as it was billed -RRB- about the adventures that this causes turns out to be a much more serious movie about other things , some good , some bad.First , we have a gardener and a yoga instructor pooling incomes . Sorry folks , these jobs do n't pay a lot . While not living extravagantly , they still seem to have a lifestyle that goes way beyond their realistic incomes . This is just the first of many ways the movie is interested in portraying eye candy more than telling an even remotely realistic story.Continuing on the eye-candy role was the complete avoidance of hard-times that come with evey new baby . Since they chose to take a very serious tone in the movie , they could have shown Madonna dragging her butt out of bed at 3 a.m. to answer a cry , or hunky Everett cleaning up a big mess . But we see this apparantly absolutely perfect baby 's first years bypassed to produced an apparantly absolutely perfect child . In this world , you ca n't be bad-looking or out of shape.So while the movie falls apart with no connection to reality whatsoever , I did find some things that salvaged a bit of it . When I still thought this was going to be a comedy , I was prepared to see a bunch of situations where certain cast members would not know the whole story , and there would be scenes to cover-up the situation . It was refreshing to see that the whole story was explained to each character as they entered the picture . The way all the characters acted here did give it a bit of intelligence , and it was refreshing to not see his parents freak out . I also liked that the movie averted negative gay stereotypes , but when the movie ended , and I heard one of my kids crying , it was nice to get back to reality .
 I was n't expecting a great movie from the likes of Madonna -LRB- although I do believe her to be a great performer on the music stage -RRB- , but I did think I would get more than poor acting and crummy script . I was also surprised to see this type of work from the likes of Rupert Evert , but once Ben Bratt showed up and his performance was just as shaky , I realized that it was entire chemistry of the film . There was no continuity , and I swear there were times when it seemed Madonna was on the verge of tripping up her lines . Not to mention the fact that they had a child around 9 years old playing a character that was supposed to be 5 or 6 . How stupid do they think the viewing audience is ? I wo n't be recommending this to anyone .
 I saw this flick on cable while laid up sick during the holidays . This movie was like a bad LIFETIME Channel film for gay men . It 's about a gay guy who has a girl for a best friend -LRB- shock , there . They complain how they ca n't find a good man -LRB- okay , Madonna / OK Rupert -- I 'm not basing the chracters on the peoeple who play them , but , heck , they are both very attractive poeple -- I hate when attactive poeple complain about `` not finding someone '' -- could it be it 's becuase their shallowness gets in their way cuase they want to find love with their eyes rather than their hearts ? -RRB- So , One night , these two `` friends '' have too much to drink and they sleep together -LRB- Yeah , this always happens with Gay Men , too ! -RRB- She gets pregnant , the two decide to keep the kid . Fast Forward six years , Madonna 's character finds a man , wants custody of the kid and Rupert fights for custody , only to find that Madonna lied to Rupert-it 's not even his kid-it 's from some other guy Madonna was frolicking with when the accidental = gay guy/straight girl sleep together happens . The story is basicly how bitter and selfish poeple can be , no matter if this was between a traditional Mom and Pop story , and how so many children suffer from the action 's of adults.The thing with this movie is -- THE BAD ACTING -- this Rupert guy is nothing special-just a tall guy that 's kinda buff . Madonna 's fake Accent -LRB- the two 's characters are supposed to be from England -RRB- is just laughable and the fact that she 's a yoga instructor and Rupert is a damn gardener is hysterical in itself -- for , yeah , these occupations make oh so much $ $ $ $ for them to live in the big houses they have.Madonna HAS TO KNOW BY NOW SHE CA N'T ACT -- ca n't she see this thru all the yoga and meditation she does ? But , since she released the HARD CANDY cd , I also think she needs to retire from the music scene and just do charity work . Stop making movies , stop working with `` hip '' hop producers and making garbage music ... Reflect and see it would be wrong to become a cariture of yourself ...
 This movie treats gays like preteens keen on , but too afraid to have sex with women . It reeks with anti-gay stereotypes without even being funny . It could be described as Madonna 's ego trip delusion that all gay men are hot for her .
 I grew up a child of the 80 's and a borderline obssessive Madonna fanatic . I 've seen every movie she 's made and bought every album the day released . But , boy is this movie lousy . Do n't fault Madonna for everything - the writing is so bad I thought for a moment I had switched on some made for ... t.v. flick . The direction is absolutely hopeless -LRB- did this guy actually win awards at one time ? -RRB- There are endless subplots that have no impact on the story , ridiculously offensive stereotypes -LRB- the rich old queens , the young AIDS victim -RRB- and no characters worth caring one iota about.Poor Madonna . After making strides forward with `` Evita '' she regressed into this tense , insecure , self-conscious actress . But how could anyone be sure of themselves in this debacle ? Interestingly , the only moments of truth are found in the scenes with her young son . She is completely relaxed with the kid and shows some naturally beautiful maternal instincts.There is a profound movie waiting to be made about gay fathers , gay/straight friendships and alternative family units . This , unfortunately , is not it .
 This movie is So very bad on so many different levels , that it is almost beneath any serious movie lover or critic to waste time viewing it . Madonna is at her all time low , and it is a low that few stars ever reach . She is a terribly bad actress and this time out , she made even her die-hard fans cringe in embarassment for her . Simply put , there is no guesswork here ... there is not a redeaming quality in this movie . The acting , script , direction , tone , pace , etc. , are all at an extremely shoddy level , and DAMN is she getting painful to look at . The only comfort comes in the knowledge of the FACT that this movie was completely shunned by not only critics but by the public as well . Even Madonna 's legion of fans could n't get her out of this one . It bombed on every level .
 This movie was so hard to watch but like a train wreck I could not turn away from it . It just kept getting worse . How did it happen . It seemed like such a great story that with the right people involved could be fun . Madonna is n't the worlds greatest actress but this was n't high drama . I figured she could pull it of . I just was n't convinced that she was a victim of loves tragedies . She looked so old and what was with the accent ? Is n't she from Detroit ? This was not the best effort by Rupert Evertt who was excellent in An Ideal Husband and My Best Friends Wedding . I belive he suffered more from the horrible writing than a lack of acting ability . Whoever wrote this must have missed a prozac pill or two because just when your used to the slowness of the story it goes to a dark depressing place . Just when the audience does n't care what happens to either of the charectors the film takes a turn you do n't expect and do n't even care about anymore . I should have turned it off then but I stayed for the anti-climatic ending where nobody wins . I did not laugh once . A one star rating is way to high . Save your money
 This movie is SO bad , it 's almost painful to watch . Full of cliches , despite trying to be `` edgy '' with the gay issues and the whole yoga thing . Madonna 's acting is so poor , probably because she was concentrating so veddy hard on trying to enunciate and use British inflections
 OK , I knew it would be bad . But , I love yoga and have heard a lot about Madonna 's ability as a yogini . I sat through this entire agonizing movie to see one 45 second second scene of her doing yoga . -LCB- SIGH -RCB- Do n't bother .
 The Next Best Thing 's advertising put great emphasis on the comedy aspects . While it does have some amusing scenes -LSB- none of them hilariously funny -RSB- , the entire second half is melodrama on the order of a TV soap opera , only not nearly as clever.Madonna plays Abbie , a hip Los Angeles woman of about forty who says she never married because she never found the right guy . When her live-in boyfriend walks out on her , she runs to her best friend , Robert -LSB- Rupert Everett -RSB- , a handsome gay man who has decided that he may never have another serious relationship . He tells her she is better off without the guy , which is true , yet she pines , not so much for the old flame , as for the fact that she may never have a family of her own . Robert lives in the guest house of a swank Hollywood Hills home belonging to two old queens , who would have had the movies best lines if it had had any . Left alone at the house one 4th of July , Robert and Abbie drown their sorrows in margaritas and wind up in bed together . A few weeks later , Abbie announces she is pregnant with Robert 's child . Robert decides that he will move in with her and be a real Dad to the child , although he thinks marriage would be hypocritical . After all , satisfying each other has certain limits . All this works out for six years , until Abbie meets Ben -LSB- Benjamin Bratt -RSB- , and they fall in love.This is a perfect plot for a satirical comedy about love , lust , puritanical inhibitions and other such nonsense . Instead , the movie does an about face and becomes serious . The characters get mad , angry and downright ugly . Then , as if the producers saw the damage they 'd done , there is a trite ` feel good ' ending , which looks tacked on.Madonna and Everett do the best they can with the material . I ca n't really gauge Madonna 's acting ability . She was superb in Evita and a few other movies , but I suspect that she has n't the discipline to throw her full talents into anything she does n't believe in one hundred percent . I know Everett is a fine actor , but here there is little he can do except reprise his character from My Best Friend 's Wedding . In real life , the two stars are good friends , and I can only imagine all the knowing glances exchanged between them during production.It is frankly a bit shocking that John Schlesinger directed the film . Thirty years ago he directed two movies , Midnight Cowboy and Sunday , Bloody Sunday , which expertly examined the nuances and subtleties of human sexuality . He 's at a total loss here . I suspect most of the audience will be , too .
 I 've been a Madonna fan for YEARS and I have to say that this movie was up there with `` Shanghai Surprise . '' However , I would n't put all the blame on Madonna . The script was weak and Rupert was just too over the top in his performance.Madonna 's husband Guy recently said that she needed a director that would `` direct her . '' I think that 's a big factor in why her performance was bad in this film ; she has too much creative control and forgets to `` act . '' Madonna is VERY aware of the camera in this film and it 's obvious . For instance , she never , ever looks bad . Even when she 's `` sobbing her heart out '' she looks good , which is stupid . I think she should have gotten a red face , smeared her makeup and tried to sound as if she was heartbroken . Not looking all glistening and beautiful with slightly wet eyes.However , it was obvious she 's been taking lessons of some sort , because she actually has expressions when she delivers her lines , but , man she needs to forget the camera entirely . Take a good look at `` Desperately Seeking Susan '' and you 'll see what I mean . The rumor was the director edited a lot of Madonna 's parts out because she just was n't that good . I can believe it , unfortunately , because she just was n't acting.The storyline was good and definitely unusual . A woman and a gay man having a baby and then she decides to get married which causes all kinds of problems . But , the script itself was just over the top and bad . Rupert screaming at Madonna , Madonna screaming back and Benjamin just getting caught in the middle as well as this cute little boy totally lost in the filming . You have absolutely no idea who to root for and the end is so `` storybook sweet '' that you just plain do n't care.I 'd skip this one if I were you . If you 're a Maddie fan , go ahead and give it a try , but I guarantee you wo n't watch it as much as you would `` Desperately Seeking Susan . ''
 The product came quite quickly but unfortunately I 'm unable to watch it because it says it 's from a different region .
 i do n't like this movie at all . the plot is just dumb and really bad . the soundtrack is good though . i ca n't say that madonna is one of the best actress out there but she has a few , good decent films . if you 're a fan , just skip this one .
 This movie is mediocre . It 's worth watching one time . Madonna actually gives a good performance in this movie , and so does Rupert Everette . This movie could have been really good if it had n't been pulled into so many directions . This movie is never sure of what direction it wants to go in . The plot twist towards the end of the movie is completely ridiculous . Sam should have been Robert 's biological son . The movie was trying to portray unconventional families , but when it 's revealed that Sam is not Robert 's son , it destroys the whole concept of the movie . The dialog was so horrible . Nobody heaps a bunch of compliments on someone when they are breaking up with them , and the dialog in the courtroom scene is so unrealistic that it 's funny . Madonna is not to blame for this movie being a bomb . The script and dialog is why this movie is ignored and mediocre .
 I SAW THIS MOVIE ON MY WAY FROM SEATTLE TO TOKYO AND I WAS APALLED TO SEE TWO OF MY FAVORITE STARS LOOKING LIKE EVERYDAY PEOPLE . HODGE PODGE ! THE STORY IS A GOOD STORY AND I LOVE THE WAY THIS MOVIE REFLECTS ON HOW HARD IT REALLY IS TO FIND SOMEONE YOU WANT TO FALL IN LOVE WITH BUT RUPERT AND MADONNA DO N'T BELONG HERE . IT 'S JUST NOT BELIEVABLE . THE ENDING NEEDED A LOT MORE AS WELL . A LOT MORE ! I WOULD PUT SOMETHING IN FOR THE DVD BUT I HAVE N'T VIEWED IT AND I DO N'T REALLY HAVE A DESIRE TO SINCE THIS MOVIE IS JUST BASIC HOLLYWOOD MUMBO JUMBO STARRING BIG NAMES .
 I tried so hard to like this movie , but after about 20 mins I found it impossiable . Madonna delivers simply the worst acting performance of her career . Many of her lines are Re-Dubbed and sound both fake and strange . The story is barely there and seems to go no where . I kept asking myself why I kept watching this movie and the answer was because I really did want it to turn out better ... it did n't . If I had seen this at the movie theater I would have walked out . SKIP IT !
 The video kept timing out . The screen would go black or multi color . I had to wait for the movie to restart every 10 minutes
 I 've watched this movie twice , and I am not sure I will watch it again.First of all , I 'm one who had never had anything bad to say about Madonna 's acting , but here she 's really bad . She gets better and the movie progresses , it 's almost distracting , because she 's supposed to be the center of the attention.Rupert Everett is fine , he looks dashing of course , like Benjamin Bratt.But then , the movie itself is really badly done . They had the locations , the sets , and yet it 's just not at all good and almost boring at times , not to mention the familiar places we 've been at before and the really annoying court scenes . Just how many times do we have to see attorneys trashing innocent people?Honestly , there is nothing new in this movie to make it worth watching more than once to convince yourself how not good it is .
 I saw this film after hearing enough of bad reputation of the film . Madonna does well in musicals because she can sing and dance , but acting is not something she is good at.The story itself was not too bad . It was just that good acting was missing in the movie . I do n't know why a smart hard working person like Madonna did so poorly in the film . With the interesting story they could have done better . It 's too bad that it turned out like that .
 The story and promotional material of `` The Next Best Thing '' raises many expectations ... so many , in fact , that it ruins a good portion of what is supposed to be a heartfelt film of acceptance and the struggle between best friends . The story is somewhat faulty , but the real damper in this film is the acting , which seems flat and lifeless , adding no emotion or heart to a movie that centers around those key feelings . Another ruinous aspect is the lifestyle in which the characters reside , which is much to exorbitant and mismatched for their jobs ... . Robert , a homosexual construction worker who is tired of all the sex and `` body obsession '' that comes along with his lifestyle . Now tell me something
 This , simply , is the worst thing I have ever watched . I did not choose to watch it . I saw it on an airplane . Madonna is without a doubt the worst actress I have ever witnessed . I should not even call her an actress really . She is without a doubt the most unqualified person I have ever seen attempting to act . Her greatest problem , I think , is that she just tries too hard . Either that or she does not try at all . Her characters all seem like caricatured extensions of her public persona . Perhaps she is affected by the fact that she is Madonna . You can not lose sight of the fact that she is Madonna when you see her in films . Still , from anyone else , the viewing public would not accept this level of crap . The story is about a yoga teacher -LRB- Madonna -RRB- and her gay best friend . In a night of reckless abandon and heartbreak , she becomes pregnant with what she believes is his child -LRB- I think it turns out that the child is not his , but they do not discover this until their friendship sours and he wants to share custody of the child -RRB- . She eventually meets and falls in love with Benjamin Bratt 's character . It is all quite sappy , stupid , juvenile . I have never seen anything so contrived as Madonna 's scenes with Bratt . It is a big waste of time and film .
 Now you 'd think that by putting director John Schlesinger and Rupert Everett together something interesting would transpire -- that is until you realize that Madonna 's been added to the mix and therefore completely sinks an already vapid storyline even further . Unfortunately , it 's not so bad that it 's good -LRB- like `` Showgirls '' -RRB- -- it 's just bad . Avoid this boring homophobic mess at all costs .
 So ... I certainly respect everyone 's right to have their own opinion , but it boggles my mind how so many of the reviewers seemed to love this film ! It was pretty darned bad . While Madonna 's `` I 'm british , no I 'm not '' accent was somewhat entertaining , her character 's complete personality shift 2/3 of the way through made no sense and totally pushed the rest of this already mediocre film downhill . If you think this plot was a good idea , but you want to experience * some * entertainment from it , go rent `` The Object Of My Affection . ''
 I had some respect for Madonna before I saw this . But -- no more ! If they had set out to make a movie with three characters -- a quintessential `` today 's woman , a gay man , and a stereotypical stock-character arrogant , self-centered jerk of a `` straight '' man , then trying to make them equal by making everybody look bad , they could have hardly done a better job than with this film ! No heroes or heroines here -- everybody just double-crosses everybody . If they had tried to make it into a zany comdedy after the manner of A FISH CALLED WANDA or the more slapstick parts of MR. DEEDS , they might have had some success . But as is , THE NEXT BEST THING tries to be a serious movie without any real redeeming value . The line that stands out most in my memory is when Madonna 's character expresses disappointment in her gay friend by saying , `` As a gay man , I expected better from you . '' So much for not putting people `` on pedestals '' and so much for any thought that equality really means equality ! What COULD this be the next best thing to ? Yeast infections maybe ?
 from the way people we talking about this i thought it would be awful . it was not all that bad though.maddonna my not be the world best actress but thr other actors are good . i think the kid who played sam was pretty good . overall i thought it was to slow moving .
 The basic story line of a gay man and his best -LRB- female -RRB- friend raising a child and then what happens when the woman falls in love with another man was intriguing and certainly had my husband and I discussing the various sides after the movie was over . However , the thought-provoking premise is marred by Madonna 's atrocious acting -LRB- what IS it with the phony pseudo-British accent she has developed over the past few years ! -RRB- poor editing , abrubt jumps in time and a choppy story . In addition , the character of Abby is so blah -LRB- and in the end , deceitful -RRB- that one wonders how the kind-hearted , loving character of Robert could consider this weak vessel to be his best friend ! Stupid mistakes further get in the way of the movie -LRB- The little boy , Sam , is supposed to be six ? The actor is definitely too old to play six ! Further , the timing of the insipid `` well how are we going to explain it all to Sam '' was unrealistic . Surely these characters would have talked about how to handle that issue earlier ... -RRB- In conclusion , it is always a shame when a clever storyline is marred by amateurish acting and writing .
 After watching this DVD I felt like asking what would be the `` next best thing '' -- hopefully a better movie . At best this is a mediocre film , a fairly ineffective mix of comedy , drama , and romance . Despite being friends in real life , Madonna and Rupert Everett have little chemistry -LRB- Everett was a much more appealing gay gal pal to Julia Roberts in `` My Best Friend 's Wedding '' -RRB- . We know these actors -LRB- along with Benjamin Bratt -RRB- can do better and perhaps it is the script that is to blame . Towards the end of the movie there is a sudden plot twist -- if the viewing audience was clued into this earlier it would have created more tension until it was eventually unveiled . While it is a betrayal to one of the characters it is likewise one to viewers . Without giving anything away , the turn of events is based on something that should have been common knowledge to any informed/involved parent -LRB- which the movie professes both parties are -RRB- . Additionally , there are the usual -LRB- and admittedly nit-picky -RRB- film head-scratchers like how could a yoga instructor possibly afford a beautiful home like that in LA area?The extras on this DVD are fairly negligible . There are extended interviews with the cast and director -LRB- Madonna seems a bit on guard -RRB- and Madonna 's video for `` American Pie '' -LRB- Interesting cover version or musical blasphemy ? You make the call ! -RRB- . Overall , a disappointment for the talent involved .
 The best that can be said is that this movie kept me watching ... I kept waiting for Madonna to 1 -RRB- figure out where her accent was coming from and 2 -RRB- let go of the stiff , tense , and downright atrocious acting . Look , I 'm not anti-Madonna . In fact , I wanted to like this movie and I still applaud the theory of a `` family movie with a twist '' . However , this movie was truly horrid . The acting was so appauling I cringed everytime a laugh was expected . If you are interested in a dumbfounding waste of time , watch `` The Next Best Thing . '' Side note
 I agree with everyone that gave this movie 1 or 2 stars . This was n't Madonna 's best movie . It had poor acting , bad script , and much more . This is definitely a renter not a buyer !
 The main problem with `` The Next Best Thing '' is that the movie is very flat and some parts leave you thinking `` what ? '' . The acting was terrific but I did n't feel that Madonna 's character and Rupert 's character were best friends at all , in fact Madonna 's character was extremely underdeveloped . Her not allowing Rupert to see the boy came out of nowhere , and was totally stupid . Madonna is a good actress but this movie wo n't help that aspect of her career at all . `` The Next Best Thing '' is bogged down in melodramatic nosense that hides it potential to really make an important statement about the changing reality of families . And the ending ! I was so mad-I thought `` This is totally twisted-it is too stupid ! '' . If you want to see a good Madonna movie , skip `` The Next Best Thing '' and grab `` Evita '' .
 She keeps on trying does n't she , our Mads , like the trooper she is . No matter how many times the critics trash her . Honestly , this movie had a lot of potential , with an interesting story line that tackled a kind of a modern day re-definition of family units and the moral dilemmas and choices involved . With its very worthy supporting cast it could have really gone somewhere but just failed to get there.Madonna god bless you , I truly wish you could read this because I have two bits of stern advice which I 'm sure many others would agree with , to help your -LRB- flailing -RRB- acting career , if it 's not too late . Firstly , get some major voice coaching ! Your delivery of dialogue is so unbelievably stilted and wooden at times . It 's like you 've just learnt the script . And what is up with this phoney pseudo half British half American accent you put on ? Was that supposed to be part of your character development or research ? . Even though her gay best friend ` Robert ' is British , the audience would assume ` Abbie ' is just an American living in LA. . Besides which , it just sounded so fake . I mean we know you 've become a bit of an ` Anglo-Phile ' now that you 're married to a pom -LRB- Australian slang for ` English person ' -RRB- , but you do n't have to make it part of every character you play now do you ? Concentrate on your acting craft before you start with the specialty accents luv . Meryl streep you aint . Secondly , if you want us to believe in Madonna the actress you 've got to leave out Madonna the pop star just for a moment , and quit with the mindless marketing of your pop image , just for the sake of selling more records . My god woman , why does nearly everyone of your movies have to feature your music in the soundtrack somewhere ? That scene early on in the film , where you all sing American Pie , at the gay friend 's lover 's funeral , was just sooo embarrassingly contrived and unnecessary . And quite frankly , fond as I am mostly of your music , your recorded version of ` American Pie ' was very weak . Just lifeless.I know I am being a bit harsh but someone really needs to tell you these things , or rather you really need to hear them , 'cause I have actually been a fan of yours from the beginning . Despite your money hungry commercialism , you 're an amazing artist and woman in so many ways . I see the potential in your performances often and you have an incredible presence on stage and screen that can not be denied . But when it comes to the craft of acting a lot more subtlety and discipline is required and you need to learn a bit of humility darling , come down to earth.Now , as for the redeeming features of this movie , and there are some . I would love Rupert Everett in anything he does . He 's so cleverly sardonic and witty in that classy British way . Unfortunately though he is sold rather short here due to a poor script and mediocre direction , but I still enjoyed his performance . I must say I did feel awfully sorry for Robert near the end . He must have felt , intentionally or not , tricked and used by Abbie in a way . I mean she really should have taken responsibilty to ensure who the father was initially , do n't you think ? . Benjamin Bratt is most easy on the eye and a welcome hetero-sexual addition . Also , I loved the colourful ` Sante Fe ' style design and setting . As well as Madonna ` hippyish yoga teacher ' chic , -LRB- though the yoga thing is also somewhat contrived , no doubt Madonna 's influence ? -RRB- Lastly , there are moments -LRB- yes some -RRB- when Madonna 's acting and character are believable . I always find her the most convincing in her character 's more casual , fun moments . Which makes me think she is better suited to lighter comedic roles like earlier on in her career . The kid who plays Sam is quite natural and cute . In reality though that poor child would be left feeling so torn and confused after all that had occurred . He 's faced with the prospect of three fathers -LRB- or at least father roles -RRB- in his life . Overall I quite enjoyed the first part , but really lost interest when the ` same old , same old ' court room battle scene came around . This movie is n't a total waste of time and it 's always interesting to see what ` Queen Madonna ' will come up with next .
 I am a huge Madonna fan . I love her music ... I think I own every CD she has ever done , along with virtually every movie . . including this one -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- . I read that this movie was supossed to be a sequel to `` My Best Friends Wedding , '' and that Julia Roberts was offered the part and dodged it . I can see why.This movie was thrown together , and many of the people in it are not even part of the story line . Although I could follow the story line -LRB- the plot is not that difficult to undertand -RRB- most of the movie carried no logic . It flowed like broken glass , and felt like it too ! The characters are completely stupid , and their behavior is very odd.I was embarrassed , and almost did n't finish the movie . -LRB- That is saying a lot , considering how much I love Madonna . -RRB- Even the ending was bad , but I was glad it was over ! If I ever watch it again , it will only be to see the `` American Pie '' video .
 I just had my tonsils taken out , and that was the most painful experience of my life . Watching this movie was a close second.Madonna has got to be the worst actress to get on a movie screen . Her inability to express any emotion is uncanny . Rupert is no better . Just because someone speaks with an English accent , that does n't make him a good actor -LRB- as some reviewers tend to think -RRB- . He literally competes with Madonna throughout the entire movie to see who will put the least effort and emotion in a scene . At least Madonna has got her music to fall back on . The plot is so silly that it does n't even deserve a mention . The dramatic turn , half way through the movie , only makes the actors more uncomfortable , becoming even more unconvincing.Please , Madonna , stick to your music . We love your albums , but your movies stink !
 ... then it 's cutting it REALLY close . I could go on for hours about how bad this movie is , however , due to my own lack of patience , I 'll limit it to just a couple of the most irritating issues .1 . Madonna is absolutely devoid of ANY acting ability whatsoever .2 . The dialogue is just bone dry . Rupet Everett is a very talented actor , and you can tell that he is very clearly the ONLY member of the cast that has even just the ability to inject any life into these hollow shells of characters .3 . The supporting cast was either phoning it in or has nothing to offer .4 . The quasi-British accent Madonna seems to have developed was driving me nuts . YOU 'RE NOT FROM LONDON !!! NOBODY 'S BUYING IT !!!!!!!!! 5 . The movie was unforgivably long .6 . The pace of the script was terrible . It was almost as if the director had actually lost track of time , realized the movie was running long , tried to wrap everything up too quick . The problem with that was the plot of the movie was in such a state of total disarray at that point in the film it was impossible to end comfortably . If he tried to flesh it out , it would have been a three hour film.This whole mess is something I expect to see my wife watching on ` Lifetime , ' and if it were in that role they may have been able to turn it into a mini-series and freed their hands a bit with their run time . In that role , it may have been a modest success . That said though , I certainly do not expect this level of dreck coming from a major motion-picture studio . Heed my warning and STAY AWAY !!!!!!!!!!!
 Am I the only one who was completely disturbed by the Madonna 's character disgraceful deception ? -LRB- Do n't want to ruin it for the unwashed , but trust me , it does n't matter . -RRB- To add insult to injury , we are subjected the the constant references to Madonna 's beauty , considering that she looks well past 40 and tired thoughout the entire movie . We are treated to Madonna 's moments of flexibility as a Yoga instructor . Be warned , Madonna is now sporting a British accent . The only bright light is Benjamin Bratt , who has absolutly nothing to work with . My suggestion is to gather some good friends and view it for the numerous yuks .
 ... A San Fransisco newspaper called this film ' ... hideous . Anabomination ' . I could n't agree more . The direction is shockinglyamateurish , and the performance of Madonna is disturbing - justbecause we get to see that what little spark we saw in ` Evita ' wasjust fluke . She is not an actress . That said , you can sit down to thisfilm with the knowledge that nothing interesting will ever happen , andthat the films grand statement on gay parenting is both sad anddisillusioning.Rupert is bearable as Robert , his natural good looksand ease with the camera make him eye candy , and he does lend his rolesome sense of dignity . Indeed , one of the better and more thoughtprovoking scenes in the film is when Robert is in bed with hiscardiologist boyfriend . Certainly not because of the trite dialogue , however.Also , the child they got to play Madonna 's son isunbearable . Obviously , if Madonna and Rupert had a child together , itwould NOT look that gross . And whats with ` American Pie ' playing inthe background for most part of the film . Madonna also sings it at afuneral of a gay friend , and this scene is unintentionallycomic . Though at the end of it , the only word to use is ` pathetic ' . Sosad to see aging performer make wrong movie role choices . At leastEverett should have known better.And Benjamin Bratt looks like aten dollar male gigolo minus the sex appeal . Now , THATS aninsult . Save your money , and catch something far better , and somethingthat does n't insult your intelligence as much as this onedoes . Something like ` South Park ' or ` Pamela Anderson 's 10 minuteboobie-lifts ' .
 Just god awful !!!! Madonna can not act worth anything !!!! She can barely make decent albums now much less act . You know Rubert only did this as a favor !!! Please !!!!!! Just sad !!!! Not even worth buying if it were 99 cents .
 This was one of my favorite shows of all time . But this DVD was a huge let down . First it is only four episodes . And it is the fist four that were not the best shows . The program got funnier and far better as time went along . Grandpa does n't evan have his trade mark limp in these episodes .
 All shows on this set are the edited versions . Each show is missing more than 3 minutes of footage . The other set from this company is the same . If you want the original un-cut versions then skip these . If you do n't mind having missing footage , then go for it . Personally , I would rather '' NOT '' have something than have shows the way these are .
 Somebody stretched a description of this item , because if Jennifer Saunders is in it , it 's just her voice , or maybe the roof of her house . I do n't know . From the title it is not too far to imagine Jennifer Saunders in that big space suit . Anyway I bought it , did not have the time to see it all just to find Miss S. , and I think I just threw it away .
 well I guess I 'm the odd one out as I really , really dislike this DVD . I love aerobics . in my search to find an aerobics DVD I bought `` Moving Through Menopause '' based on the other reviews on this site.my complaints settle around the aerobics part of this DVD , but that is what I bought it for . the workout starts at a ridiculously fast speed with no actual warm up . the choreography is horrible ! it manages to be boring , while at the same time having you jump around like a jackrabbit on crack . several times through the work out , when it 's mentioned that a lower level of activity can be followed , the shot pans the woman doing the highest level . the rhythm and enjoyment of motivating yet fluid moves which I look to aerobics for is fairly absent in this workout . the focus on balance during the cool down is interesting and of worth . but that 's the only thing I have to praise about the aerobics section of this DVD.the presentation is flat . a workout DVD may not need to be a fashion show , but there should be some spark . after all , if it 's any good the consumer will be doing it hundreds of times during their ownership of it . nothing in this presentation had that kind of spark . the most menopausal thing in this DVD is the women 's attire . which may be a small thing , but combined with the rest is worth mentioning.I gave this DVD a solid try . I 've done the aerobics workout several times in the last 6 months and just keep deepening my dislike for it .
 The Mummy Returns -- your classic sequel . Put everything , and I mean everything , that worked in the first movie into the second . But , to make it interesting , you need to add lots and lots of special effects . * YAWN * . If I had n't known any better , I would have thought I was watching the first movie . The Mummy Returns was plain and simply a bomb . It should n't even be associated with the original , because at least the original came up with it 's own ideas and had some character development . In The Mummy Returns , it was all special effects . Nothing more than that . Sure , they were great , but it got real old halfway through this stale and utterly disappointing film.It seemed Stephen Sommers only focus was on the special effects and nothing else.The Mummy Returns was a pitiful attempt at a sequel , and hopefully , but not likely , this will be the last movie in this series . 2 Stars
 This movie was one of the most entertaining and fun movies I 've seen in a long time ; it 's a great way to take one 's mind away from the everyday stresses of life . I saw it three times in the theatre and I own the Ultimate Edition of the first movie . WHEN I SAW THE LACK OF EFFORT PUT INTO THE SEQUAL 'S DVD , I WAS EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED . This DVD claims it is in widescreen format , but beware that IT IS NOT WIDESCREEN . It is standard format `` to fit your TV '' . Well , I 'm sorry , but just like the pod racer scene in Star Wars Episode I
 Meaning that it of course will be not as fresh and original as the first film . That being said , this movie still was n't very good . While the first film was predictable and formulaic , it also was genuinely funny and had good character development , the second is just formulaic and predictable . The DVD does have some redeeming features - it is exhaustive in special features . So much so , that if you are interested in learning how all the special effects are produced , then this might be a good disc for you . Overall the movie is eye-candy that insults your intelligence , but is -LRB- partly -RRB- saved by great DVD presentation .
 Attention !! If you go to a movie store with one goal in mind , that being to waste money and time on renting and watching a film , you should feel drawn to The Mummy Returns.Don ' t get me wrong - I loved The Mummy . It 's one of my favorites , and that is simply why I rented The Mummy Returns . The first movie was somewhat believable , as it contained history , humor , and realism . The sequel was so far-fetched , I was tempted to shut it off halfway through . Evie 's character was demolished in the sequel - in the Mummy , she is a somewhat clumsy , bright , pleasant person . She would rather find ways around fighting than fight . In the sequel , they have changed her into some kind of wannabe black belt that no more needs her handsome husband to protect her . The explanation of Rick 's mysterious tattoo is meaningless , and I was especially bored with the whole Evie-is-actually-the-pharoah 's - daughter-in-another-life thing.In a brief summary , the movie is far-fetched , and you would n't know it was on a big budget as every special effect appears to be so fake .
 There 's not much I can say about this movie other than after about 30 minutes it was so painful to watch I had to get up and leave . The senseless action is just unbelievably overdone and predictable . I would rate this movie at zero stars .
 I 'm glad I did n't see this in the theater . While the special effects are excellent , the storyline and acting is bland and predictable . The DVD gives you some extras such as behind the scenes segments . Save your money and just rent this DVD if you must see it .
 i loved the first mummy movie and had very high expectations for the second , even though i missed it in the theaters . The day it was released on dvd , i ran out to get it to find my local store sold out . My roomate however manged to snag it for his collection and upon watching it that nite , was glad that fate stopped me from buying a truly overrated , summer popcorn flick.special effects were a plenty but def . less striking than the first one , the computerized scorpion king at the end was almost as bad as the computerized satan at the end of SPAWN . the story was kinda weak . But its a sequel i guess.Dont waste your time . rental only or wait for it on TNT .
 The movie was so-so . Action-wise , it was nice . The acting is horrible though.I was even more disappointed when I popped the DVD into my DVD-ROM on my PC and PowerDVD would n't play it . Nor would Windows Media Player 8.0 . They used some idiotic video encoding that the computer does n't like . Thumbs down on that one .
 I did n't think it was actually possible to make a movie worse then The Mummy . But when I rented this utter fiasco of a movie that is what I got . It actually offended me because it was so insulting to the intelligence of the person watching . Weak characters , terrible acting , cheesy special effects , and do n't even get me started about the screenplay . I am dumbfounded that this movie was ever made , and I am floored by the fact it made 180 million at the box office . There is one nice thing about the movie though , Rachel Weisz 's cleavage .
 There are a number of things with the DVD production of The Mummy Returns that lowered my review from 3.5 stars to 2 . The first is I saw this in the theatres , and then blamed the out of focus parts on the projectionist . The actual blame lies with the film.The second part is the length to which `` The Mummy Returns '' asks for suspension of disbelief . It goes too far , past the point of fun and entering the bounds of insult that smack of laziness on the part of the screen writer.But the thing that drove me absolutely wild with this was the special features that were so touted . Niney percent of the special features are advertisements hustling for Universal 's products . The only legitimate special features are the bloopers , the music video and an incredibly lazily put together segment called `` Eygptology 201 '' . The rest is nothing more than advertisements for `` The Scorpion King '' and `` Universal Theme Parks '' . If you 're aware of this and do n't mind , purchase it . But me , I felt as if I had been lied to and dropped my hard earned money to watch a bunch of garish commercials . I personally will be hard pressed to purchase another Universal DVD after this experiance .
 The Mummy movies are Indiana Jones Lite . Not all the calories and half the fat of an Indian Jones ; perfect for when you 're in the mood for something funny , adventurous , and likable , but not for anything you 'd take too seriously . Lets face it , you just ca n't make `` Last Crusade '' or `` Raiders of the Lost Arc '' movies all the time . Then The Mummy and its sequal , the Mummy Returns was released . Both are great for those days when you just want junk food in an adventure-comedy . And both films deliver very well.The MUMMY RETURNS has more great one-liners from the hysterical and under-rated missing-link actor Fraser ; a new , though waxxy looking , villian played by the wrestler the Rock , I 'm told ; and , to make it even better , Rachel Weisz 's character has found the kick-butt knife fighting side of herself , which makes for not only a great character addition , but also some great ending scenes . Plus , viewers will be glad to see SLIDING DOOR 's lead actor with more film time in the MUMMY RETURNS as the hysterical brother of Weisz 's character , who shone so brightly in the first , and does an even better job in MUMMY RETURNS.For ultimate enjoyment , do not take them seriously , but enjoy them for what they are , which are very fun movies . For an even more Ultimate enjoyment , wait and buy the ULTIMATE edition of the MUMMY RETURNS , ... which will most likely be released in a few weeks . It will probably hold all the gongs and whistles of this release , as well as another CD with more great making of docs and etc like the MUMMY ULTIMATE EDITION 's had.At the very least , they make one very interested in Egyption Anthropology
 I liked the first movie . This one went way overboard on the special effects to the extent that it actually looks unrealistic . The mummy does not look in any way real in this movie . I was very dissapointed with the movie and the only reason I would even watch it again is to see the fight scene between the two women again .
 This movie stinks . Action movies with kids in the story are lame , this one is no exception . I like the Mummy Movies because I like Egypt and the history , but the winks at the camera and the kid are so dated -- it really makes a bomb out of this . Attempts to incorporate every action movie staple really wear thin -- like the pigmy mummies clearly using the Lord of the Rings troll figure -- whatever his name is -- did n't see it -- never will.But there is some true humor here listening to the director commentary and how clueless he is to just how horid this film is . He even ridicules Roger Ebert who had legitimate complaints that these knuckleheads dismiss out of hand -- like they never considered , or finally realized , the movie was n't good.Some positives
 This movie bothered me . And the fact that it bothered me bothers me even more ! I absolutely LOVED the first one ... I mean , I saw `` The Mummy '' in theaters more times than any other movie , and I watch it often still on DVD . It had such a good combination of characters , story-line , special effects , and so on.So , naturally , I believed the second one would be good . I was wrong !! Oh Lord , was I wrong ... I almost cried , watching it , for what was done to the movie.Here are only a few things wrong with it :1 -RRB- Evey
 While 1999 's remake of `` The Mummy '' was an enjoyable enough film , with interesting characters , something happened along the way to the word processor while drafting the script for the sequel . The charm that the characters had in the first film -LRB- the smart but snappy librarian , the witty , urbane , but ne'er - do-well brother , and the American adventurer -RRB- just disappeared and the characters bear little resemblance to their namesakes in the first film . Even worse , there are too many special effects in this film . Some day , Hollywood will learn that special effects do not make a film . Endless computer-generated armies , computer generated mummies that move en masse across the scene , and so on . This film is so formulaic with its supporting characters -LRB- and of course , do n't forget the special effects with the most high-powered dirigible the world has ever seen . Who knew a dirigibile could fly at warp speed ???? -RRB- It 's all a tiresome bore . And the biggest logic flaw in the film -- no cats ! If they learned in the first film that mummies are afraid of cats , why would n't they stop at a pet store and pick up as many kitty-cats as they could while heading to the accursed cave ? and if that 's not all , the background music is too loud throughout the film . If this film does n't leave you with a throbbing headache , then you better check yourself carefully . You may have become a mummy . Or , you 'll just realize you wasted 2 hours and ten minutes on a film that seems to have been written in the same amount of time .
 Do n't bother with this lousy sequel , because unless you 're five years old the poorly written characters , dialogue and The Rock just do n't impress . CGI 's alone ca n't make a good movie and unfortunately that 's all that seems to sell in Hollywood anymore . Also check out the awful CGI of the Rock towards the end of the movie , does it get any more fake ?
 The Mummy -LRB- 1999 -RRB- was perhaps the greatest achievement in the Adventure-genre since Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , while the sequel suffers quite a lot from the fact , that it was obviously rushed for commercial reasons . It 's a great rough draft though and a few sequences are quite brilliant , including the fighting off the warrior-mummies in the London-doubledecker-bus turned singledecker . It 's great fun , but nothing at all like the first one .
 I ordered this for an October birthday . imagine my surprise when we opened the product for viewing and found not `` The Mummy Returns , '' but `` The Mummy '' -LRB- which I had also purchased -RRB- .
 This sequel should have been left on the shelf . Brendan Fraser did terrible .
 It 's bad . It 's really bad . The action 's o.k. , and the effects are nice , but it 's bad . I thought the first mummy was really fun , had a nice story , and was all together a pretty good movie . While watching `` The Mummy 2
 HD DVDs are an obsolete technology that WILL NOT play in a Blu-Ray player . Some companies will send you an upgrade to the Blu-Ray version for a fee -LRB- $ 4.95 + $ 6.95 S&H -RRB- . DO NOT BUY THIS FORMAT !
 Such trash the movie studios insult us with . The Cringometer peaked over the red line from the opener and climaxed with some of the worst CG ever . The Rock - more like The Crock ! Possibly the worst film in any aspect ratio , preferable on NO SCREEN . Had hoped that Stephen Sommers would be sent into exile for this sub-par Jules Verne abortion , but we 've just seen Van Helsing and do n't understand why he has n't suicided .
 I received this product in a very timely fashion , however I did not realize that it was only for an HD DVD player , -LRB- error on my part -RRB- . Once I realized I had made this mistake , I contacted the company to exchange for regular DVD or Blue-ray . They told me that they only have HD-DVD 's and would not refund . Lesson learned I guess.Not very timely in their response either way nor good customer service.I would not recommend .
 The 1999 version of THE MUMMY was spectacular . So when this movie came out , I had high hopes for it . But this was a waste of my time ! The film makers did a rather stupid thing of bringing ALL of the characters back for this movie . That was a BIG mistake ! They also tried to make this one a little more funny . It just didnt ' t work out . But despite all the bad things I 've said about it , there are some good things . Great suspense and most of the action was cool . But the ending fight scene with Brendan Fraser and The Rock went on forever . Rent this one first .
 I did n't want to see this movie . I really did n't , but I was dragged into doing do . I already had an acrid taste in my mouth when I sat down in the theater . Thence the film poured forth.This was the second worst movie I 've ever seen in theaters , the worst being ` Mission to Mars ' . Every single aspect of the film displeased me , from the actors to the script to the special effects.Brendan Fraser leads the cast in this flick and I must say I liked him considerably better when he was frozen inside a block of ice in ` Encino Man ' . In fact Pauly Shore would have been more convincing as the hero in this movie . Along with Fraser , ` The Rock ' is thrown at us as ` The Scorpion King ' . If you do n't know who ` The Rock ' is , well picture an actual rock being thrown at you and it will almost hurt as much as watching his performance in ` The Mummy Returns ' . I 'd guess the only reason the guy was cast in this film was to appeal to the wrestling audience . To their dismay though -LRB- and my delight -RRB- our sedimentary friend only appears once in the beginning and then again at the end , but as a computer-generated man-scorpion . If you think you understand the story by now you do n't . The script unfortuantly was no better than the shoddy actors . If you think you understand ancient Egyptian history forget it , because this version is much more painful and exciting . I wo n't go into the details of the story -LRB- I do n't want to ruin it for any sadist who might actually buy this movie -RRB- , but it makes about as much sense as a madlib.Lastly I 'll touch on the special effects . When most people go to a movie like this , they do n't expect a good story or well-defined characters . They want big explosions , computer-generated dinosaurs , and maybe some full-frontal nudity . The Mummy Returns tries to give you all but the last , and it succeeds . We 're presented with a mindless parade of cg mummies , rocket-powered blimps , an army of anubises -LRB- what 's anubis plural ? -RRB- , and a spectacularily fake looking man-scorpion hybrid . I love pop culture.If you have n't caught on by now , DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE . If you do hollywood might actually be tempted to make a third flick in this series .
 Not a very great sequel -LRB- like most -RRB- , but come on , enough already with the double dipping . Granted , we all KNEW this would come out as soon as they announced the third film -LRB- I do n't count any film starring a has been wrestler as a sequel , sorry , that 's just how I roll -RRB- . Seems we get two new featurettes , and again , as SOON as the third film comes out on DVD , there 'll be ANOTHER re-release . Wait for that one , I 'm sure it will be `` fantastic . ''
 WTF?I do n't have this movie , why does Amazon want me to review it ?
 Writer-director Stephen Sommers succeeds in creating a sequel that is even worse than its predecessor . Another example of how outdated Hollywood cliches such as mummy stories should be left in their tomb undisturbed . With even less character development and plot than the original , this movie puts all its stakes on the dazzling special effects that are too absurd if not comically bizarre to be credible.The story now focuses on the Scorpion King -LRB- The Rock -RRB- who , after being dead for 5,000 years , comes to life again in the '30s to defend his newly discovered oasis from evildoers . Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz are back but married with a young son named Alex -LRB- Freddie Boath -RRB- to find the oasis before the antagonists.Bad acting and shallow characters are as numerous as grains of sand in a desert storm ; suffocating the audience with forced expressions and contrived dialogue . The Rock seems more interested in embellishing himself in his first feeble attempts at acting outside of a WWF match than actually playing the role of his character . The movie reaches the absurd in how the characters go off on their `` epic '' adventure . A flying carpet discovered in a tomb or souk by accident would have been more credible than the ridiculous flying contraption used by the characters to reach their destination.If you want to laugh at how bad a movie can be , by all means , rent this movie . Again , a perfect demonstration on how long-dead story concepts should be kept in their Hollywood sarcophagi never to rise again . To bring them back to life and torment an audience ad nauseam is a curse indeed .
 One of my friends rented this movie and invited a bunch of people over , thinking it would be a good cinema experience . Boy , was he wrong . This movie is possibly the most predictable movie EVER . One of my friends predicted the entire bus scene perfectly . And of course the main characters are saved just in the nick of time . And the girl 's make up stays on after taking an adventure in the water , too . I could go on and on about all the little details of this film , but I do n't think it 's really worth it.Watching this movie with my friends turned out to be like Mystery Science Theater 3000 . I 'm almost tempted to give `` The Mummy Returns '' two stars for being a good party movie , if only because it 's so easy to make fun of . Rent it with your friends if you 're bored , and you might get a kick out of it .
 I thought that Mummy Returns was a big step downward from the first one . The first one was only a little sci-fi but they made it believable and also stayed pretty close to Egyption Mythology , the second one ... First of all the filming is horrible , there are so many parts where it is completly obviouse that it is fake , like when they are flying the dirigible and in the last where The Rock is the Scorpion King , whoa ! I think that this movie was too sci-fi , the little pygmies did not fit with the context of the show as well as some other things . There were not as many good speciel effects as the last one , but more fighting scenes.I think it was a dissapointment after watching the first one . If there was a negative star on this rating , that 's what I would give it .
 I liked the first movie `` The Mummy '' , but would not recommend `` The Mummy Returns '' to anyone , sober.Really weak plot and dialogue . Be prepared for * hammy * acting and poor character development . Painful at times.Special effects OK , but not as dramatic as 1st movie . Certain creature near the end was really fake looking . ... like producers ran-out of time and just said , `` good enough '' . Nearly everything was predictable -- only one or two surprises.Very disappointed .
 I will leave a review of the movie to other -LRB- although I thought it was great -RRB- and will comment only on the format of the DVD.I think this is the worst DVD I have bought in terms of format . Not only when you select play movie does the the movie not play , you have to skip through several pre-movie talks and coming soons . You will eventually get to the start of the movie but you ca n't just press one button to play . I hope this trend will not continue , but no expectations.Other than this annoyance the DVD plays great .
 if everyone liked this , what movie did i stumble into ???? this was '' alright '' up until the ridiculous ending.nowadays , especially with sequals , prequals ,1 / 2 way through it seems like the director is on autopilot.it had its moments , some good ideas/effects . but compared to the first movie , it COMPLETELY LACKED EVERYTHING.THE CHEMISRTY WAS NON EXISTANT.THE ADDED CHARACTORS WERE BUFFOONS.why do i always get suckered into dishing out $ $ $ $ $ $ to sequals i know thats gon na rot?my only hope is the matrix.only the ghost of ED WOOD could muck that up .
 very bad , do n't rent it , do n't buy it , do n't see it . forget it .
 very good special effects.poor plotno character developmentonly average acting
 The Mummy was no modern marvel by any sense , but this poorly acted , cheesey special effects ridden disaster is not worth the effort . The characters are flat and lifeless and seem to spout off innane comments and one-liners throughout the films pitiful life . The story and plot are non-existent and ... . Do n't waste your time .
 As someone who enjoy Saturday matinee type movies , I thought the Mummy Returns would be great , but it was so-so . When was the last time you saw someone die of a stab wound to the abdomen , and show NOT ONE TRACE OF BLOOD !!?? The part of the son had the same effect as in Temple of Doom -- nearly ruined the film for adults . I 'd wait for it on TV in a few months .
 I confess that I love -LRB- and own -RRB- `` The Mummy . '' While it is an action movie , I enjoyed the setting and the story , and having Brendan Fraser as the main star does n't hurt . That being said , I really wanted to like the sequel , and found it painful.Rick and Evie have married and have somehow become nauseating . I found myself actually cheering for the bad guys when they were trying to kill Evie . The shy librarian yearning for adventure was completely gone -- perhaps he actually married her twin sister.The plot had numerous flaws , which only a serious action-flick lover could overlook . First , if the mummy was defeated in the first movie by being made into a mortal , how was he able to be brought back as the same creature ? How was Rick raised in an orphanage in Egypt but is an American complete with accent ? If Evie was the reincarnation of an Egyptian princess , why did n't she have the same visions in the first movie?If you can suspend belief & watch for special effects , you will probably enjoy this movie . If you are like me and can not overlook plot gaps & impossibilities , you will probably be disappointed .
 Unlike buying this product in retail stores , for some reason the Amazon copies of this title do not include the $ 7.50 free movie cash for Mummy 3 . Buyer beware !
 this is one of the worst movies ever made . I have no clue why it was so popular . First of all , the story is so stupid ! Scorpion King ? Give me a break ! And the special effects look terrible . Woody Woodpecker looks more realistic . If you see this movie , be prepared to see humans interacting with cartoons most of the time . So I guess this movie is just like ` Space Jam . '
 If you like non-stop action , care nothing for story or character , and enjoy watching digitized monsters die in a variety of ways , this is the film for you . Otherwise skip it.Brendan Frazier 's son has been kidnapped by a powerful , ancient being . In order to save the boy , Frazier must take on countless hoardes of bad guys in a variety of locations . He mowes through them like a superhero from a video game , and despite the non-stop action I found this film almost as dull as watching someone else play Quake for two hours .
 Or another review title could be `` how subplots took over the movie . The best review I can give is my 12 year old son who sums up the movie as `` kind of dumb '' . So in a nutshell , the effects are great , the plot is stupid and the main charaters do not have the same personalities as in the first movie . Best example is Evie who does n't even look like the same person anymore . On a last note , if you are going to pay someone 3million dollars to apear in a film -LRB- The Rock -RRB- should n't he at least get a line to speak ?
 I have to say that I was grievouly disappointed with the Mummy Returns . For one thing , the special effects were way over done . It made the movie look more like a video game at times , instead of a movie.The new storyline of Evie being reincarnated from the past as an ancient Pharohs daughter was also too much . I know we 're talking about Hollywood , but come on ! Evie was like a whole new character . She even learned how to fight all the sudden , which she could ` nt do in the first movie.There 's also the ripoff scene from Jurrasic Park 2 where guys get jumped in the tall grass by raptors . In TMR they use short natives instead.I 'm going to avoid buying this movie when it comes out . If I buy a Mummuy Returns Video game , it will probally look the same as the movie , but at least I could play it .
 I saw this pathetic movie when it first came out last May and was completely disappointed with it . It 's got to be the worst film I 've seen this year . The acting is completely lousy as is the script . There is no story at all , the movie is just a bunch of guys running around killing mummies . It 's ten times worse than the abysmal first - give THE MUMMY RETURNS a skip .
 One of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Random and pointless , yadda yadda . I have to wonder how anyone could like it . I sort of liked the first movie , so I figured this would be more of the same . Unfortunately I was oh-so wrong . If you 're not absolutely sure you want to buy this movie , whatever you do , watch it before buying ! That way you 'll avoid feeling supremely ripped off when you realize the DVD you just bought is best used as an expensive coaster .
 A lot of people criticized the acting of the little kid in `` The Mummy Returns '' . I think the bigger problem was that they apparently let him -LRB- or his little brother -RRB- write the script.Maybe it would have been better if there were TWO dirigibles , or perhaps a Tarantula Queen . Just a thought . `` The Mummy '' was entertaining and at least had a thread of a plot to hold things together . `` The Mummy Returns '' was swill . This really made money at the box office ? That 's scarier than the Scorpion King !
 If you loved the first one , this one might be worth a rent from the video store , but i thought that they were both pretty bad .
 Let me start off by saying the 2 stars are for the DVD . The DVD looks great , sounds spectacular , and has loads of extras . If you like this movie get it now or if sceptical wait beacause an Ultimate ED . might be coming out later.Anyways , now the movie . What is this ? Where did all the fun go ? A plus is all the actors/actress return for the sequal , I always hated new cast members in old roles , but somthing is missing in their preformances . They all lack chrisma . The fun feeling from the first one is miss , just not here . Do n't expect much screen time from the Rock as well.As for the effects . Well some are good some are bad.Good ones include
 While The Mummy Returns is a good movie overall , the DVD Transfer is not that great , especially the soundtrack . The Dolby Digital 5.1 is to loud in most parts of the movie , but on my copy , it seems that when the real action scenes come , the audio reduces itself , and sounds as if it converts to 2-channel sound . Very annoying . Maybe the ghost of the Mummy is playing around with my volume control !
 This movie is great . It has greater action than the first movie . But what i really love about it is that it is worth the difference between a VHS and a DVD . The bonus matirel is packed with cool information . There is even a suprise before the movie that is really cool ...
 This was an absolutely horrible film . The plot was weak . The Scorpion King -LRB- The Rock -RRB- at the end of the film looked terrible , one of the worst modern uses of computer animation I have ever seen . Brendan Frasier continues to make bad choices in scripts as this film had not one stitch of redeemable acting in it . Granted this movie is highly ficticious , but the events that happen throughout the film are totally unbelievable even from a fantasy aspect.I only hope a Mummy III never sees the light of day .
 Never-ending boring unoriginal special effects , that would have obscured the story if there had been one , larded with -LRB- not spiced with ! -RRB- mysticistic egyptianesque mumbo jumbo and mushy sentimentality . The only vaguely interesting scenes are the fights between the bad lady and the good lady . I am glad that I viewed this film as a recording - this allowed me to scrole past -LRB- fast view -RRB- the uninteresting parts - about two thirds ! All this is not the fault of the actors ! Its too bad because I liked the first one .
 Mummy 1 was kind of fun and the special effects were good , but this sequel is pure , ridiculous , tiring tripe . A complete waste of time . I stopped it in the middle and went to bed and only watched the rest of it because I 'd already rented it . I do n't even give this one star but it wo n't let me post without one .
 The Mummy Returns is the worst kind of CGI explosion . Visual noise splashed across the screen without rhyme or reason . An action = entertainment mish mash of woefully inadequate characters , could n't care less , just plain stupid plotting and special effects turned up to a brash , artless , over-reaching 11 . Brendan Fraser struggles valiantly against this background of technical hysteria to give something approximating a likable performance with absolutely no help from the so-called script . And the only suspence in this ` worst of its genre ' action horror flick was not knowing whether it would ever end .
 Since when Egyptian 5000 years ago spoke ARABIC?Since when Anubis -LRB- Mummufication GOD -RRB- had an `` evil '' army?Since when there is was a Scorpion King in ancient Egypt?STORY
 This movie is so doumb do n't waste your money or your time on this movie . The Specil Effects look so un real Disney movies look better . Brendan Fraser Thiks he his the best actor in the world Mickey mouse is better than him . Its Jokes are so stupid threre funny . The S. King relly ruined the movie . DONT SEE THIS MOVIE .
 I was expecting a great dvd experience , especially since I had no time to see it in theatre . Thank goodness I didnt see it in the theatre , and thank good I rented this movie instead of buying it . For people who make fun of `` No Brain Action Movies '' , stop , cause they are supposed to be fun . However , this is a no brain movie with baddddd action . Infact , not enough action . You will note the following : - For some reason , the `` evil '' Imhotep from the first movie plays a little girl with no good powers.-The CGI Scorpian King at the end was sad , really sad . I would 've prefered the Rock -LRB- Scorpion King -RRB- in a `` human '' body.-The comedy in this movie is bad , just not horrible.-Brendan Frasier 's over-acting-THIS MOVIE IS NOT NON-STOP ACTION ! TOO MUCH TALKING.I would not even pay 5 dollars to BUY this movie . If you like ACTION-MONSTER THRILLERS with LITTLE ACTION , BAD MONSTERS , and NO THRILLS , then buy this movie right away !!!!!
 but it really was n't . The returning characters display none of the character traits that made them entertaining in the first movie . The movie simply careens , in a nearly plot free fashion , from one set-piece of computer enhanced combat to another . Now , I like a good , violent action movie as much as the next guy , but this one was n't good . Watching it reminded me of watching somebody play the `` Mortal Kombat '' type video games of the 90 's . If the producers had spent half of what went toward special effects on a better script , this movie could have lived up to its predecessor .
 First of all I was really disappointed in this movie . The first Mummy movie was Excellent . This second movie had no storyline whatsoever . In the first movie The Mummy becomes mortal and Mr. O ` C.onnell kills him . Well in the second movie when they dig him up out of the ground and he becomes alive again . How did he get his powers back?I 'm not criticizing the acting . I feel that the cast did what they could with a less than adequate script . I feel with a better written script that the Mummy Returns could have been just as good as the first movie .
 I liked the features of this DVD , but that is the only thing I did like . The acting was sub-par , the writing was cliched , and the story was predictable . Mr. Sommers and gang try and disguise this with plenty of action sequences and lackluster special effects . I would like to think most people are to smart to fall for this ploy.If not for the features , I would have given this disk one star .
 The movie is really sorry.It just does n't make sense . Plot does n't flow . It is like it hade been wrote by third graders . However the special effects are good . Rent it first and you will not buy it
 I just saw this movie and was among the few that were disapointed . The first was at least ok . The special effects were not top notch . There were so many things that annoyed me in this film . I think the first sign it was a bad movie was when the kid nocked the pillars down in the beggining and he was actually trying to push it back up . I know kids do stupid things but that 's beyond what a kid would do . The parents mentioned the kid was smart in the movie but that 's as believable as the whole movie . I started seeing it last night but after the first 20 minutes I wanted to be entertained and not annoyed but poor cinema . I put in MST3000 . I thought the balloon with the turbo was very laughable . They probably killed Eevie to keep her brother and son busy till the end of the movie . Why did the Mummy 's love not save him . One guess is that he lost the Scorpian King army but does that still break eternal love . Visually some parts of the movie were great like the ancient egypt set . The cgi was n't the greatest even though it was done by ILM . The effects were rushed for the movie to be out on time . This movie left a few more unanswered question . Maybe I 'll torture myself and see it a gain.If you wan na see good CGI and turn off your brain see Jurrasic Park . Especially JP3 since the dinosaurs are the most real looking to date . The action sequences are at least exciting.If you wan na see good special effects and a story with depth see TPM.If you wan na see mild special effects and a weak story see MUMMY RETURNS
 Could stop making horrible movies such as this , then there 'd be a chance for something good to come out more than usual . I ca n't begin to say how bad it was . The SFX were n't nearly as good as the first , the acting was worse -LRB- though I did n't think that 'd be possible -RRB- , and the worst part about the movie was The Rock 's head superimposed on a scorpion 's body ! Ye gods , that was pathetic . I was going into the movie expecting a massive 3-man brawl b/w the Mummy , Fraser , and The Rock . That would 've made the movie more enjoyable , but alas , Hollywood could n't be that interesting . So , if you 're looking for an enjoyable action flick , look elsewhere . Go buy `` Predator '' and see what Hollywood used to put out as an action flick . Do n't waste your money on this trash .
 I fell asleep several times while watching mummy returns . No character development and thin plot . All the CGI looked cartoony and did not hold my attention . Buy it , watch it , and shelf it next to Mummy # 1 and fuget-about-it .
 Well whats to say it is the worst movie i have ever see . The first one was very good but this one lacked . The special f/x almost made me walk out of the theater .
 I 'm not a big fan of the first Mummy movie but this sequel was sad . This movie wants to be Indian Jones but lacks the heart and the complexity of that wonderful character . Some say that these are great special effects . What are great special effects ? Star Wars Episode 1 had great special effects where a lot of time was obviously invested in the little details of the CG characters and the action scenes . This movie looks like a video game and there was hardly a moment where I could accept what I was seeing . A problem with this , and also with the first , was that the filmmaker seems to think that if he moves the camera fast while showing a lot of explosions and a large monster chasing down the heros that we 're just gon na be on the edge of our seat even though what we are seeing is so unbelievable and so poorly done that it goes beyond being laughable to the point where you are just disgusted with it . I ca n't say much about the characters accept that ... well , i ca n't say anything . They speak strongly for themselves . THey are just really goofy . The filmmaker seems to lack confidence in being able to entertain the audience by taking the film seriously so what we have is a very uneven movie because he 's constantly bombarding us with flashy images to keep our interest . He has no faith in his story or characters .
 Both movies look more like Universal promo adds for the next theme park rides . At least Rachel Weiz only made two of these movies and then decited to try more substance type roles . None of the other cast members did .
 But Universal did at the very least included DTS ! to this Blu-ray ! as well as the first movie.By the way , this movie on the whole . Was not very good and was a bit way too campy .
 I loved Mummy Returns , but PLEASE , DO N'T buy this DVD . Wait for the `` Ultimate Edition , '' there will surely be one !! They left out a ton of stuff on this DVD so they could save things for the Ultimate Edition and as usual milk us of our money . Just rent it for the time being and buy the Ultimate Edition when it comes out !!
 I thought the original was pretty bad , and sequels are never as good as the original , so right away the cards are stacked against this one.It does have some good stunts , such as the fight between the two leading ladies , some of the special f/x are cool , such as the Army of Anubis , and some of the characters were great , personally I thought the pygmies were hilarious . The plot is a standard hollywood summer blockbuster plot -LRB- an excuse for special f/x and stunts -RRB- , but every now and then some interesting ideas managed to slip by , mostly the myth of the Scorpion King.Eventually the movie becomes boring , simply moving from one action sequence to another , with the characters exchanging the minimum required dialogue to explain the plot.I would have given this movie 2 stars had it not been for the poor quality of the DVD . There are two versions the fullscreen and the widescreen version , which is pretty dumb considering 99 % of DVD 's come with both versions on one disc . I do n't understand why someone would want to buy the fullscreen version , since the backgrounds and FX are the best part of the movie and in fullscreen you miss over 1/3 of it if not more.Most of the other options on the DVD are either disappointing or simply advertisements for the spin off ` The Scorpion King ' or the new Mummy Adventure Ride . There are no deleted scenes , and the commentary is almost unbearable.This movie and DVD had potential but so many things were done wrong in so many different ways that they ruined it.Unfortunately they 're going to milk this cow in as many ways as possible , so we can expect new versions of this DVD in a two disc edition with the original Mummy , and eventually a trilogy edition with Scorpion King and who knows , we 'll probably see in the summer of 2003 , the Revenge of the Mummy , and let 's not forget `` The Mummy
 Wait for the re-release of the ultimate edition DTS set.I can not believe Universal are trying to sell this one disc Dolby Digital edition , but what baffles me more is the fact people are buying it!Just take a look at Universal 's track record in this department for a moment ; first it was The Mummy , followed by Nutty Professor II uncensored director 's cut DTS , American Pie , Notting Hill , Meet Joe Black and Patch Adams . The last 4 titles do not deserve Ultimate Edition DTS re-releases . What is going to be next from Universal-The Ultimate Edition really really really uncensored version of Nutty Professor II?Why do n't Universal release titles that deserve a DTS Ultimate edition , like The Frighteners.This great film has a pitiful DVD , while it was released on laserdisc in a Signature Selection box set . Universal , release your 2 disc sets first and research something known as customer satisfaction !
 I 've learned that the sequel to a blockbuster hit is always risky business - especially if that film was a well-crafted film to begin with . Many such attempts have failed miserably , while rare cases have been worthy follow-ups . The much-anticipated sequel to Stephen Sommers ' `` The Mummy '' lies somewhere in-between those two categories . `` The Mummy Returns '' is indeed an entertaining film that 'll have you laughing hard and keeping you on the edge of your seat . But as a film of intelligence and integrity , it falls short in almost every way.In the featurette found under the Special Features of this set , Stephen Sommers confesses that he is a great fan of everything Egypt . However , I find this statement highly ironic considering the fact that the underlying plot of `` The Mummy Returns '' degrades the very heritage of Egyptian mythology . Long ago , a defeated desert warrior , the Scorpion King , made a pact with the dark god Anubis . Together , the two defeated the Scorpion King 's enemies , but Anubis subsequently made the Scorpion King his slave and his army fell dormant . If you 'll look into Egyptian mythology , Anubis is the god of the dead , who prepares the dead for the afterlife and takes them to the Hall of Judgement ; he was never an evil god . To see him presented in such a mutated form as he appears in this film is nothing short of sacrilege to me . Perhaps Sommers was thinking of the god Set -LRB- who was n't even always evil in the Egyptians ' book -RRB- . Either way , I set into this movie with a feeling of anger , not anticipation.The rest of the movie proves to be as short on plot as the opening scene , mostly serving to keep the action going and to perhaps induce a few laughs rather than maintain the movie 's believability . Our heroes from the first film , Rick and Evelyn , are now happily married as the O'Connells , and have travelled to an unknown temple with their son Alex to unravel the mystery of a dream Evelyn had . While that mystery has the edge on the film 's plot development , the rest can hardly be described as such . Alex unwittingly slips on a cursed bracelet , and meanwhile Imhotep is being revived by a secret faction , whose goal is to defeat the Scorpion King and take control of Anubis ' army - and by so doing rule the world . Thus a haphazard chain of reactions is set in motion including dirigibles , pygmy mummies , full-on battles between Medjai and -LRB- sigh -RRB- Anubis ' warriors , and even a double-decker bus ! When you 've got all that together in a film , it somehow loses its integrity.The most serious problem is that the plot hardly makes any sense , and contradicts the first film numerous times , e.g. in bringing people back to life being strangely easier than in the first film , and the timeline being off , meaning that Alex should have been born before the first film took place ! Oddly , NewLine Cinema decided to mitigate the latter with subsequent DVD releases of the original rather than the sequel , staging it a few years earlier!The only thing I find worth watching about `` The Mummy Returns '' , apart from the mystery of Evelyn 's dream and the excellently-crafted Anubis and army -LRB- courtesy of IL&M ;-RRB- , are the interactions between the spotlight characters . Rick and Evy are endlessly entertaining as a couple -LRB- Rachel Weisz having matured a lot in her role since the first film -RRB- , though not as much as John Hannah as the trouble-inducing Jonathan , almost solely responsible for the film 's considerable comic level -LRB- apart from Izzy , the entertaining sky pirate -RRB- . So an action adventure film this is , with all the comedy present just like in the first film . And yet the plot is so nonsensical and its development so haphazard that the film miserably fails at its attempt at being a solid piece of filmmaking - if indeed it was intended as such.Overall , `` The Mummy Returns '' feels more like an endless explosion of special-effects than much else , once again showcasing the brilliance and professionalism of Industrial Light & Magic -LRB- IL&M ;-RRB- . Especially -LRB- groan -RRB- Anubis and his warriors are very aesthetic and well-done . But the haphazard , no-sense majority of this movie is not the deserving place for such talent and creation .
 Now , I hear everybody bashing the third installment of `` The Mummy '' trilogy , but I 'll have to say that I think the third one
 I find it hysterical when people bash a film like this , that is only supposed to be for entertainment , by not being plot heavy or all that stuff . If , by now , those people do n't understand a fun ` popcorn ' movie like this , they never will . However , I 'm not praising The Mummy Returns . Not by a long shot . First of all , let 's get into the story . Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz are now husband and wife with an 8 year old son . They are sort of a Mommy-Daddy Indiana Jones like adventurers . They find a magical bracelet once owned by The Scorpion King -LRB- played by The Rock , who shows the most charisma in a very brief role -RRB- . He died 5,000 years ago , and is waiting to be brought back . The mummy Imhotep -LRB- Arnold Vosloo -RRB- is resurrected again -LRB- yes ! again ! -RRB- , and kidnaps our heroes son who put the bracelet on . The bracelet shows where to go to find The Scorpion King , and then it goes into the usual mumbo jumbo about the end of the world ! . Bet you did n't expect that . Okay , so maybe you did . There 's so much going on in this film that the plot does n't really matter . The action scenes are , of course , a lot of fun . The effects are good as always and , in some cases , better than in the original . Brendan Fraser is actually believeable in his role . Watch him in anything else and you would think differently . Rachel Weisz is a gorgeous beauty . I hope to see her and her loveliness in far better material in the future . John Hannah is also back as her annoying brother . This is pure cotton candy folks , and it is n't meant to be taken any other way . It 's Indiana Jones light . These movies are pretty fun and harmless . There 's nothing wrong with that . This one , however , could of been better . A part 3 is inevitable .
 this is not a very good movie . The action is just boring , and the plot ... well , i just could n't care less about it.The characters are pretty damn poor , apart from that guy who wears black and has a bird . but his name is so obscure that i could n't for the life of me tell you what it was.The thing about the first one was taht it had a nice bit of history mixed in with it . It made the film a lot more interesting . This one , however , lacks any real historical element at all . It is just action , and it 's pretty poor action at that.The fights are just absurd , and what on earth was the thing with those awful little pygmie things about ?????? This was just in the realms of fantasy , and completely ignored the fact that this is a film set in egypt , and with it 's grounds in Egyptian myth and legend . But they seemed to just forget that , and throw in any old evil monsters . In the first film , because they stuck plainly to the impossible , yet somehow strangely realistic , it worked , but in this one it just seems to make a mockery of it.The entire Scorpion King thing just seemed to be thrown in to get another good fight out , and it was just so badly done i could n't care less . He was so obviously put together by computer . they could at least have made some token effort.The introduction of Fraser and Weisz 's child was a bad move . I just could n't care about him at all . When he was taken , i could n't give a damn about whether they rescued him or not . He just kept getting on my nerves.Possibly the only redeeming festures of this film are Imhotep -LRB- who does make the film shimmer with menace , although not so much as in the first -RRB- and John Hannah.He was simply wonderful , and really made the film . his acting was great . Admittedly , it was quite obvious and rather idiotic , but he made me laugh out loud several times.If they had kept every other character out , and just Hannah in , this film would have been greatly improved.But , in this instance , they chose to stray from the winning formula they found with the first , and have managed to create an abismal and disappointing film .
 I love Brendan Frasier , but I did not enjoy this movie at all . The technology that made the first film could n't save this one . If you have nothing better to spend you money on , go for it .
 I actually liked the first Mummy film ... I thought that even tho , yes it was cheesy , it had good special effects , and a decent plot . But the sequel left something to be desired.For some reason I thought the special effects were ... worse in this movie . Not sure if the same studio created the effects for both films , but this one looked worse -LRB- to me -RRB- . The Scorpion King -LRB- with the Rock 's face -RRB- looks completely unbelievable.Also , the relationship the two `` parents '' had with the son was laughable -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- . They did n't even act like they loved him , and he was pretty much in danger the whole last half of the movie . Just shoddy acting.If you want to watch a good mummy movie , do yourself a favor and rent the first one .
 Universal is going to release a crummy `` Collector 's Edition '' DVD and then next year , a ULTIMATE EDITION . The film is probally really good . Just , I probally wo n't buy this DVD .
 This movie could have been tremendous . Notice I said , `` could have ? '' I really thought it was a pathetic attempt . Despite a surprisingly decent acting performance from The Rock , this movie failed to live up to my expectations.When ranting on this movie , the first thing I look at is the graphics . In parts of the movie , it is phenominal -LRB- ex
 Over the top is a great way to describe this garbage . Fans of the first Mummy film -LRB- good movie -RRB- were no doubt disappointed at how badly the follow up was . Constant useless action seemed to fill up the area where the plot should be . Which brings me to my next point , the plot was WEAK . I 'm talking really WEAK.And the whole promotion of the Rock as the Scorpion King was another waste of time . His part lasts a whole 2 minutes . But thats good because he ca n't act ... . at all . The only reason the Scorpion King was even made into a movie was because Vince McMahon headed up the project . For those of you who do n't know , McMahon is the owner of the wrestling company the Rock works for.And if you need anymore reasons to skip this , the flying blimp , complete with jet-powered engines , is a perfect example of why NOT to see this film .
 ... it 's so watchable . THE MUMMY RETURNS is like this for many reasons , almost none of which have to do with the actual quality of the movie itself . In those terms , this movie is one of the very worst I have ever seen . Both plot and action are just so rushed and contrived that it all becomes ... . well , rather boring -LRB- the exact opposite of what a film like this is supposed to be -RRB- . That whole sub-plot with Evie -LRB- a very hot Rachel Weisz -RRB- being the reincarnation of an Egyptian princess is really stupid . Oh , and what 's with all those little pygmy mummy things ?! Comedic , perhaps , but pretty lame . Acting by most involved is n't all that great , especially the newcomers , and there are lots . So many , in fact , that character development is all but forsaken . On the other hand , that 's okay , because most of the new actors/characters suck anyway.But like I said before , there are some things that make THE MUMMY RETURNS very watchable , depending on your mood . For starters : - First and foremost is the score by Alan Silvestri . It 's one of the best I 've ever heard ! Such sweeping , epic music ... WOW ! The actual movie is n't worthy of the soundtrack . How often can you say that ? - Okay , Oded Fehr just plain rocks , man ! He embodifies the very word `` cool '' ! Even though his character of Ardeth-Bey has been reduced to a 2-Dimensional `` come-to-save-the-day '' hero , his assured performance is one of the few saving graces of this film . - Third and least of all are the visuals . THE MUMMY RETURNS is a beautiful-looking film . The effects are n't what you 'd call realistic , but they look super cool ! The charging army of Anubis is a perfect example . The entire film is pure eye candy all the way.Alas , now for some more cons . One of the things I hate most about this movie is the treatment of Im-Ho-Tep . No longer a powerful figure , his inclusion to the story seems purely due to the fact that it 's a mummy movie , though it 's far less focused on him . In the first film , Im-Ho-Tep was a spectacular villain , menacing and intimidating . Now , of course , that 's all left behind in favor of a stupid love story between him and the reincarnated princess -LRB- Patricia Velasquez , proving to be one of the worst actors alive today -RRB- . Arnold Vosloo seems to realize how low his character has stooped , and he shows it in his performance.Moving on , two words
 Writer/director Stephen Sommers would seem to aspire to the entertainment achievements of Steven Spielberg . It 's too bad that he did n't see the value of curbing his many misplaced flights of fantasy in order to fashion a more coherent and enjoyable story . The only thing he left out was the digital kitchen sink . This film is a stylistic mish-mash . Most of the movie takes place in 1931 , but parts of it suggest a 19th century Jules Verne epic and a 50 's Steve Reeves movie , while the rest -- albeit more appropriately -- resembles an updated Hope and Crosby road picture . -LRB- Of course , probably most of its target audience never heard of Verne , Reeves , Hope , or Crosby . -RRB- Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz still have some appealing chemistry , but it 's diluted by the overblown action . Oded Fehr underplays his Ardeth Bey character to good effect , but his efforts are largely upstaged by the excessive silliness and the overwrought special effects . In the end , Sommers gets most of the blame for indulging his every whim , instead of exercising a bit of restraint for the sake of a more focused film . `` Indiana Jones '' quality it 's certainly not , but it might have been more satisfying if placed in wiser directorial hands .
 Here is a movie in the same group where Jurassic park is.Just more colours and more actions . I have not watched the first one however have not lost anything . I do not know why many people love stories full of miracles , and as long as they love them , we realistic logical people will have to suffer from those so-called excellent ` must-see ' movies . If you have got nothing to do , have lost your key of your apartment so that have to wait until a family member comes home to open the door , and have seen all the movies around , ok watching it is much better than waiting outside and dying of boredom -LRB- I can not promise this movie is not boredom -RRB- .
 No plot , no credible facts . King Scorpion and Imhotep did n't even live in the same time frame . When will Hollywood learn ?! This is a pathetic sequel to the first film , The Mummy -LRB- which was much more fun -RRB- . It is also a film which make several references to older films in some scenes oh ! so clich&eacute; -LRB- the jet airship ?!? -RRB- . The scriptwriters obviously did not care about making any sense when writing this junk . Alex 's mother would worry but not the father ?!?!?! Oh pleeease . The kid seems to have been , at first , a copy of Ramses Peabody -LRB- see the Amelia Peabody series written by Elizabeth Peters -RRB- ; however this dissolves after his meeting with the mummy.A film as full of oh ! so phony special effects as possible . Some scenes even look like video games . It is so incredibly gory too.The two stars I give for making me laugh from beginning to end , and for its unbelievable stupidity throughout the story .
 The Mummy Returns is about 40 times worse than The 1999 film , The Mummy , which was also horrible . Why movies like this make so much money I do n't think I will ever understand . Not only is it bad but it looks like they did n't even try to make it good , the specisl effects are worse than that of Air Force One or The Langoliers . I spit on this movie and its filmmakers , especially you Stephen Sommers , you ruined 4 hours of my life from viewing both of these lumps of dung . This film is the second worst of the year in my opinion .
 This is THE WORST movie sequel I have ever seen . It was so terrible that it inspired me to write my first movie review ever on Amazon . Where 's my receipt ? You might enjoy this flick if you 're less than 10 years old AND in possession of a single digit IQ . It 's a huge disappointment following the original Mummy flick . I would like to give it a negative star .
 I find it very hard to believe that some people enjoyed this movie so much that they gave it a five star rating . If this gets five stars , what do good films get ?! . This makes no sense . The film is poor . Hre are a few thoughts ... Acting
 this moview could of been much better . it was as dumb as dumb can get . the only good thing about it is that the actors played good . i am sure the director was feeling low when he found the rating in the theaters . BYE
 I hate that kid . I hate his horrible acting.yes the second film had so much promise but it was ruined by a small kid whose only job was making foolish faces . yes this is a fantsy film and in fantasy films you can find mummies but you can not find rocket boosted zeplins with so small a ballon that can only lift a small cat . and in the end who had killed herself for imhotep run away being afraid to die ??? why had her killed herself in the first place ? She was the firavun 's wife . Well if they will do a third of this movie hope that they will left that kid at home .
 I enjoyed THE MUMMY , but before going to see this one I somehow knew it was n't going to be good . Well , I was right . If you are looking for a movie that will showcase the latest in CGI technology , by all means see it . Just do n't look for interesting characters or a good story . The first movie was good . It was one of those movies that in the future if it 's on during a lazy Sunday , you will watch it . It had that quality about it . The sequel left me wishing for it be over as I sat in the theater.The story becomes borderline ridiculous and the acting , well , they knew their lines at least . It follows a formula . For example , in the first one we had the crazy biplane pilot , now we have a crazy blimp pilot . It seems to me that the legacy of Ancient Egypt could help a writer create some more interesting aspects to this movie . Well , I was wrong .
 I was sorely disappointed by The Mummy Returns . The original Mummy was one of my favourite movies ; it had a believable storyline , smart and interesting action , spontaneous humour , and romantic tension and chemistry between Rick and Evie.The sequel is undoubtedly faster-paced and packed with lots of action and special effects , but at the expense of a good plot , which is central to any movie -LRB- of course , viewers weaned on a diet of computer games might argue that good cgi and special effects are more important -RRB- . And just because an action sequence or humour worked in the first movie does not mean that the same should be repeated in a thinly disguised form in the sequel -LRB- e.g. sand storm/wall of water , biplane/blimp -RRB- ; it makes for boring entertainment.In an interview with the director , I believe he said he wanted to take what audiences liked about the first movie and give them the same in the sequel . I think audiences would have liked to keep the * spirit * of the movie , but not exactly the same action or humour ! The impression is that the producers/writers/director are too lazy to think of fresh approaches to the movie.Now that Rick and Evie are married , all the romantic tension is gone and they seem tired , especially Evie -LRB- must be the stress of the son ! -RRB- . The mummy is impotent and his girlfriend Ankh is no longer passionate and scary.I had so much hope for The Mummy Returns , but I would think twice about buying the DVD .
 `` The Mummy Returns '' is a prime example of everything wrong with big budget Hollywood movies these days
 I rented this movie and watched it with my family and i was seriously having trouble staying awake . THe only thing keeping me awake was the bag of peanut butter cups I ate . It 's your basic fight a bunch of monsters kind of movie , all they did was run around fighting dogs with swords -LRB- hahaha -RRB- and other corny mythical creatures , and solving stupid corny mysteries . It was n't exciting at all . The storyline was so stupid . The special effects were a pathetic attempt to make the movie look cool . The Rock is a TERRIBLE actor , good thing he was n't much of a main character and the animation of `` The Scorpion King '' at the end was pretty funny . -LRB- Are they trying to make it look scary looking or something ? -RRB- Well , Do n't buy this movie . Do n't rent it , and do n't watch it on TV if it 's ever on . What kills me is , they 're planning on making another sequel .
 Unless you want to line Universal 's pocket , I 'd advise you to stay away from this video.Don ' t get me wrong though , I like the movie . It 's pretty good escapist entertainment . I do n't try to read to much into such movies . It was fun . But Universal is most likely going to release this title in an Ultimate Edition package just like the last one . They also created Ultimate Editions for American Pie , Meet Joe Black and a few others . So if you like this movie wait for the Ultimate Edition .
 First off , I LOVED the first movie . Brendan Frasier was a great hero . BUT for Mummy Returns , all the movie trailers featured The Rock ! And where was he ? 30 freaking seconds worth in the prologue ! Those of you who have read my reviews know I am big on cinematography and soundtrack . OK . The filming was very breathtaking . But the soundtrack was SO OFF ! It rose where it should have been subtle , and faded when it should have punctuated . And soundtrack makes 50 % of the film . Nice try with the surround sound , but a zither and bow saw would have enhanced this movie . Fraser did his beat , but he came out like a real sissy . This movie was more about Evie coming into her own . Long live women 's lib . If it was n't for some cheesy but nice special effects , this would be a chick version of an action film . Now , bear in mind , I watched this DVD THREE times to find something great , and all I found was the 2.5 seconds of Ak-san-amoon in the past , wearing the body paint top . Yes , there are some nice special effects eye candy , but in no way does this film live up to the greatness of the first . THAT was a truly excellent film , on a par with the Indiana Jones films -LRB- okay , not the Temple of Doom -RRB- I am so sorry Brendan , but George of The Jungle and Blast From the Past where more fun to watch , and you ARE an actor with talent . You have proved that . Still , I did watch this 3 times . And I give it three stars . Oh my God . I must be getting soft ...
 If the script writers of this atrocity were more that twelve years old , I would be very surprised . I do n't understand why these film makers take good ideas and turn them into STUPID movies . They spend a fortune on special effects , actor salaries and marketing , then they get lousy screenwriters . Why ? This movie was an insult to my intelligence . They figure if they bombard you enough with effects and action that you will forget that there is no plot or character development . To add insult to injury they throw in some wise-cracking kid that is n't the least bit funny . In one scene this kid is face to face with Imhotep . This guy is menacing , loud and has a decomposing body . Does the kid act scared ? No , of course not . He looks at this living corpse and tells him that `` my dad is going to kick your @ss . '' Wow , that was really believable and funny . Not . Then you have the airship with jets on it . That was years before they had discovered jet power . Oh , and I love the scene where Brandon Frasier is out running the rising sun to get his kid into the ancient ruins before sunrise . He would only have to be running at 186,000 miles per second to do it . You never once get a sense of danger or that anyone of the inane characters will get even the slightest bit injured . All in all this movie is just another routine special effects festival with no substance .
 The Mummy Returns was a huge disappointment to me a huge fan of the great B movie fun of the first one I was absolutly disappointed by this unimaginative typical hollywood sequel formula shlock designed to seperate you from your money with the least amount of effort.Note to hollywood . . special effects AND an intelligent story line are the keys to a good screenplay I already have dim hopes for the third installment yet to hit movie theatres.I would recomend to Mummy Fans save your dollar just go watch the first one again it at least frolicked in its own silliness enough to be fun or go watch Indiana Jones Nuff said ...
 I 'm pretty tolerant of sequels but this was one of the worst I 've ever seen . If you are expecting it to have the humor , solid storyline and the same characters , you 'll be as disappointed as I was ; even the special effect were n't as good as The Mummy.This could have been a really good movie if someone had put some effort into developing a story for it . The timeframe is in the mid-1930 's but somehow we get to see a turbo charged dirigible ! And since when would an ancient Egyptian site be guarded by mummy-zombie-pygmies ?!? The most humorous part of the DVD was the outtakes ; do n't expect to see things like Rick O'Connell screaming at mummified guards or Evie getting drunk and passing out in Rick 's lap . Even Johnathan was n't very funny in this movie and I usually enjoy John Hannah in anything he 's in.For anyone who saw The Mummy and was looking forward to the sequel , you 'll still have to see it no matter what I write about it ... I 'm the same way . Just try not to be too disappointed .
 The Mummy Returns is pretty much a disaster on every front.Unlike the first picture , which made generous but sensible use of computer-generated animations , this one seems dominated and finally over-powered by its effects . As a result , while the first movie was always anchored in the real world , this one feels strangely adrift.It also has too many expendable characters -- none of them with the goofy appeal of cowardly bad guy Benny from the first movie -- and , critically , it lacks any clear exposition to explain the whys and wherefores . I often had trouble keeping track of who was doing what and why . We have no sense of why the O'Connells are exploring the ruins at the outset . -LRB- They should have started the story at home with one of the wife 's dreams -RRB- . The movie backs into its story.The principals have acquired a roughly 10-year-old son , but O'Connell looks exactly as he did in the first movie and Evie actually looks more movie-star-ish and glamorous . There 's also NO sense of attachment to the little boy , except when the script forces it down our throats . I never got the sense that they were part of the same family.And , very often , there is no sense of moment in this movie . As often happens in movies these days , the fillmmakers seem to know what they want to do in individual scenes but not how to fit it all together . For instance , Evie has a huge past-life fight in her head while aboard the balloon in the movie 's later stages , and then matter of factly lets the rest of the party in on it . Their blithe acceptance works to negate the entire prior scene . The Mummy 's lover 's spirit enters its reincarnated body -- an otherwordly scene in the first movie -- and the Mummy here reacts as though she 'd just turned up late for a date .
 OK , now I 'll admit to sort-of liking the first installment , if for no other reason than it was a reasonably entertaining couple of hours.The sequel , however takes `` suspension of disbelief '' and throws it off a cliff . I would point out some of the plot holes , but I 'm still trying to figure out if there ever really was a plot in the first place . Sure the CGI graphics were interesting , but what 's the point?There were what , a quarter million or so members of the ` Medjai ' in that valley scene just waiting to go up against the Scorpion King 's unholy army ? Just take a few riders on a ridge over looking a valley , and paint in CGI replicas until you run out of room in the frame.Oh yeah , the DVD is also chock full of self-serving promo junk like stuff for the Scorpion King movie and some hokey-looking Universal Studios attraction . There 's a commentary track , but I do n't think I could stand to sit through it again.And the upcoming `` Scorpion King '' looks even better ...
 I 'm a fan of the 1999 `` The Mummy '' and was understandably looking forward to this sequel . In the summer of 2001 I went to catch it at the theater with two friends and after about ten minutes we were all bored senseless by the incredible bombardment of action and F/X . We just layed back in our seats for the next two hours in utter tedium.It 's a curious thing that too much action -LRB- and F/X -RRB- in a film can be boring . It may not seem logical but it 's true , and `` The Mummy Returns '' is Exibit A. I recently considered the possibility that my first impression may have been in error so I decided to re-watch it after over five years . Yet , after a mere 10-15 minutes I was again completely detached from the picture , even though there were all kinds of exciting things going on , or , at least , things that SHOULD HAVE been exciting . `` The Mummy Returns '' has a lot going for it
 This movie isnt even worth rental.Everthing was boring and the mummy was fully regenerated in the first 30 minutes.It wasnt evenworth the one star it got .
 Brendan Fraser , et . al. give it their best try , but with a script this vacuous , a plot this meandering , and some truly bad special effects -LRB- the ending -RRB- , there is only so much you can do.The first movie -LRB- 1999 's `` The Mummy '' -RRB- is a modern classic . `` The Mummy Returns '' is a limp retread . I hear there is a third movie in the works , since the first two did so well financially , and I can only hope the franchise returns to the standards of quality and adventure that the first film embodied .
 I 'm a big fan of the mummy so I expected that the mummy returns should be even better . What a misstake . The mummy return had no indiana jones spirit , and was know as witty as the first one . Rent it do know buy it inly if you like to see brendan and 101 animations . . :--LRB- -LRB- Predictable movie
 One of my friends rented this movie and invited a bunch of people over , thinking it would be a good cinema experience . Boy , was he wrong . This movie is possibly the most predictable movie EVER . One of my friends predicted the entire bus scene perfectly . And of course the main characters are saved just in the nick of time . And the girl 's make up stays on after taking an adventure in the water , too . I could go on and on about all the little details of this film , but I do n't think it 's really worth it.Watching this movie with my friends turned out to be like Mystery Science Theater 3000 . I 'm almost tempted to give `` The Mummy Returns '' two stars for being a good party movie , if only because it 's so easy to make fun of . Rent it with your friends if you 're bored , and you might get a kick out of it .
 I loved the previous and original ` Mummy ' movies , but ` The Mummy Returns ' is a complete insult to the audience . The overwhelming , annoying amount of special effects ? -LRB- Do you remember the cheesy images of the Scorpion King at the end ? What was he doing winking at the camera ? -RRB- The plot that completely forgets that of the previous ` Mummy ' movie ? There are many actors in this movie with some great potential that spend the whole movie `` acting '' to the special effects ? The only thing we are telling the Hollywood studios , by making this movie one of the highest-grossing of the year , is that we want computer special effects to take the place of real acting and story . If we quit wasting our money on terrible movies like this , Hollywood will realize that we are tired of stupid movies like this and start making real films again!I want two hours of my life back !
 First off , did all you people see the same stupid & overblown movie I saw ? How can any of you say this film is even entertaining to a bus full of cretins ? The computer graphics are so overblown that the movie may as well have been a cartoon ! Terrible acting , awful & predictable plot , lousy special effects ! Too much ! A flying pirate ship ? Let 's leave the supernatural to the mummies & the realistic to the humans . I really & truly ca n't understand what anyone would like about this idiotic waste of time . Trust me & ignore every other review !
 The Mummy was a dumb movie , but it was a big , fun dumb movie . It managed to weave a bunch of old movie cliches together in a novel way and package it with some fun performances and neat special effects . The Mummy Returns is a dumb movie , but it 's not fun , it 's just dumb . You can pull something like The Mummy off once , but forget about trying any sequels . Summary
 In an attempt to create a series of movies such as the Indiana Jones series , The Mummy Returns fails to hold its audience . Despite the excellent sound quality of this DVD , the story lacks credibility and the acting is non-existent . Because the movie possesses cheap animation and poor video quality , this DVD suffers as a result.If you are looking for a good sequel to a great film , this is not it . The story jumps from one extreme to the other in an unbelievable , cartoonish quality . Because of the success of the first film , producers raced to complete a sequel that should never have been produced . None of the animation in this DVD compares to the higher quality animation in the first DVD.This DVD is better left on the shelf at the video store or in the bargain bin ...
 i cant believe they 're wasting their efforts on such a horrible movie . the first one was not very good either , and they had an ultimate edition 2 disc DVD for it . A movie is supposed to be good for there to be a 2 disc set . this movie was so cheesy .
 Normally I would never write a review , I just do n't . But as we have all learned from this past week , terror stirrs us to action . Do n't even spend time thinking about spending money on this movie . This movie was almost as bad as Battlefield Earth ! Plus , it is in some pre-order competition with the Simpson 's Complete 1st season , so do n't let the world think that this moivie is even a little good ! Help Brendan Fraiser save the world from the Mummy , by not buying it , or even talking about it , or saying the name of the movie out loud !
 I 'm sure there are enough reviews already that discuss the variably awesome to pathetic special effects , and the seriously lacking story and characters , so I 'll go right to my few points :1 . As a sequal , this makes no sense , there is no coherence or consistency between this movie and the first . Even the basic character types and motivations for the same characters changed drastically between the two films . For example
 Critics complained a lot about THE MUMMY . They said it was too corny , that the historical facts were inacturate -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , and that there were many plot holes . Well , I said `` tough beans '' to them because I enjoyed THE MUMMY a lot . Now THE MUMMY RETURNS , that 's where I agree with the critics . I was so disappointed with this sequel because the plotline was so vague and so disposable -LRB- sp ? -RRB- that it makes THE MUMMY 'S plotline seem solid . It has something to do with some magical braclet that supposed to bring back some Scorpian King ... ah , who cares ?! I really hope they do n't make a third sequel .
 I absolutely loved `` The Mummy '' and proudly added it to my DVD collection viewing it countless times . Unfortunetly I ca n't say the same about `` The Mummy Returns '' . I saw this movie in the theaters with high hopes and came out shaking my head . The Rock as the scorpion king just did n't work at all for me . Why a wrestler was included in the cast is beyond me . Like I said to my sister `` Wrestlers are not actors ! They should stick to what they 're good at and avoid hitting the movies . '' -LRB- ~ I feel the same way about these pop singers -RRB- I also thought that the guy who replaced Benny -LRB- I forget his name -RRB- was n't nearly as good . Also it seemed that the movie lost it 's humor and the plain excitement of the first movie . Instead they made it somewhat cheesy and wierd ... . One more thing , in the first movie I admired the historical accuracy but the second definetly seemed to lose it . But even so , I convinced myself that the third sequel is usually better than the second so I am eagerly hoping that they will fix their mistakes and bring back the exciting and fun elements of the first .
 The 1999 film `` The Mummy '' -LRB- TM -RRB- was one of my favorite action adventure movies in recent years . The characters were interesting , the cast was awesome , and the story was fun . It turned out to be somewhat of a surprise hit so a sequel was inevitable.Unfortunately the sequel , `` The Mummy Returns '' -LRB- TMR -RRB- has almost none of the magic the first film posessed . In fact it feels like the film makers just exploited the fans of the first by cranking out a sequel before they had a decent script . There is a fair amount of action and more than enough CGI , but the plot and the script are just not as good as the original . The movie takes several silly flights of fanatasy that include a flying ship and some undead pygmies that live in a forest in the middle of the desert . TMR takes so many liberties that it actually rewrites some of the storyline from the original . Without giving any spoilers we now have a unexplainable backstory that links Evie , Rick and the Mummy . There is also a inexplicably resurrected Anck Su Namun whose existance conflicts with the very premise of the first movie . The biggest let down to me was the change in Evie 's character . In the first she was a bookish nerd who when asked who she was while drunk , proudly proclaimed `` I , am a Librarian ! '' Gone was the feisty little nerd that used her brains not her braun . Instead she is a female version of her now husband Rick and that completely changes their chemestry . In the first they rely on each other 's strengths , her the brains , him the cunning . In TMR though they are both the prototypical Indiana Jones characters with no chemestry what so ever.There are a few bright spots . John Hannah is back as Evie 's bumbling brother Jonathan , although he is a bit underused . Also back is great Oded Fehr as the mysterious Magi warrior Ardeth Bay . The opennig sequence with the Rock is interesting but he is barely in the movie . In my opinion the best scene in the movie had to be the duel between Particia Velasquez and Rachel Weisz.In the end there are not enough bright spots for me to recommend `` The Mummy Returns . '' If you were a fan of the original you may want to give this a look , but this fan was disappointed .
 Yeah ! The year is almost over . And it 's a time to tell a few words about its results . We 're talking , about cinema , you understand . Of course , I have n't seen all 2001 's movies . Partly because I 'm too far from USA . But I can say with confidence , that the worst movie I 've seen this year was Mummy Returns . I liked the first `` Mummy '' . It was n't very intellectual or original , but it was pretty funny , pretty good in different ways . It had good Indiana Jones-like action . But second part was really bad.I have to say , that during first , somethin' about , 30 minutes I even liked it in some way . Visual effects were so extremely great ! But then ... It 's too hard to count all bad sides of this film . Some of them are
 THE MUMMY was a surprise hit in 1999 . It at all of the elements of the great INDIANA JONES films with a lot of originality . Plus the characters were all likeable and the dialogue was extremely witty . Now , we are presented with THE MUMMY RETURNS , a highly disappointing sequel that is loud , noisy and impersonal.The movie opens with background information on The Scorpion King . This is handled well and this movie could have been just about him . Then , without ever getting a title credit , we move to Egypt of 1933 . We already see our heroes stumbling upon relics that relate to The Scorpion King . They find an artifact and take it with them , but unknowingly start a trap . Needless to say , they escape back to London with their son , who places the artifact on his wrist and has 7 days to find The Scorpion Kings lair before he dies . This is an interesting movie itself , but no , we forgot about The Mummy . Well , an Anck-Su-Namun look-a-like and others try to resurrect The Mummy so that he can kill The Scorpion King and be `` more powerful . '' Confused ? I sure was.The plot to THE MUMMY RETURNS is simply a mess . It has too much going on and does n't stop to let you relate and enjoy the characters . They give you just enough plot to put action sequences around them . The dialogue , while clever at times , is delivered horribly to even attempt to be witty or interesting . Sure , they are saying something but we really do n't care , because if it is n't a Mummy soldier chasing them , it is little pigmy skeletons pulling everyone down under the grass similar to the raptor scene in JURASSIC PARK II . The things that made the first one so good -LRB- fun characters , good acting -RRB- are abandoned for non-stop and numbing action sequences . And on top of that , the movie is n't scary at all . At least the first film had its tense moments . And when the story tries to be tender and serious , you ca n't help but think , `` It 'll be OK . `` The special effects are also a problem . It seems as if the filmmakers want to show the effects to you so quickly that they abandon all tension or horror that the first film tried . You can help but think of the droid army in THE PHANTOM MENANCE when you see the `` dog '' army in the desert . How many times do we need to see a mummy or another creature stretch their mouth open wide ? It was done a lot in the first film . Seeing it now did n't make it more interesting . And when we finally see The Scorpion King , we are just so overwhelmed that we just want it to be over.It was fun seeing the characters again and how they changed . O'Connell did n't change much . He was given some parental instincts , but the script made them seem forced . Evelyn is much more physical than she was before . She is n't afraid to make a fist and fight and some of this leads to her interesting past . Jonathan is back but he is given the worst dialogue , so it makes him look even more idiotic . The rest of the cast does a good job but is given little to do , including The Mummy himself.I just ca n't help but feel disappointed and bored with THE MUMMY RETURNS . If they had taken the time to stop and let us enjoy the characters rather than the effects , this could have been a better film .
 I thought the effects and the extra footage in this movie would redeem it . They did n't . It 's a disaster , and I now hate Brendan Fraser even more than I did before . This one 's going straight to Ebay .
 I just saw this movie last night and It amazes me that The Mummy Returns made as much money as it did in the box office . I believe the theaters should have pad us to see this one . The first Mummy was OK , but not great . I would have given it two stars at the most . But this one only gets one , and that 's because I had to put a star up there . If I had a the option it would have got a big fat goose egg . If you plan on buying The Mummy Returns ... please return it .
 I thought this was going to be a good movie , WRONG !! I want 2 hours of my life back . The acting was bad , the story was terrible , and the visual effects were even worse .
 This refers to the Australian Region 4 Collector 's Edition . The picture quality is excellent . The DTS soundtrack -LRB- yes , this is standard on the R4 DVD unlike the R1 -RRB- is of reference quality and quite outstanding in dynamic range -LRB- especially in the water-wall sequence -RRB- . Unfortunately , the film was a total waste of time and I think studios should be paying audiences to watch films like this . No where near as good as the original - very formulaic and it felt almost like a cartoon with its over reliance on CGI . I scanned through most of the movie and I feel sorry for everyone who thinks this is worth buying . Even if a free copy was offered I would not accept - because I would never watch it again ! And the bonus materials ! Who cares about this when the film is so pathetic . I hope I 'm not a minority who thinks film substance is still more important than its technical merits . I have invested in home theatre to enjoy films not gunfire , car chases and explosions .
 I was really suprised at the sheer entertainment value of the first Mummy to the extent that I bought the DVD . When the sequel arrived I went to see it too - but I was to be dissapointed.Brendan Fraser is not known for his elegant roles , and the first Mummy was probably the only decent role he has ever played . In The Mummy Returns he is back in familiar territory -LRB- George of the Jungle type junk -RRB- . I suppose you ca n't blame the actors for chasing a paycheck but this movie does little to endear them to one . John Hanna is pure slapstick , and the introduction of the kid completes the nauseating circus . All thats missing is the cliched dog ! You do n't expect too much historically correct information in a movie like this but that said it is a good opportunity to familiarize people with ancient Egypt - instead all the gods and places are mixed up - pronounced incorrectly and adapted to suit the moment . Basically , as with most sequels , this movie should never have been made - and it seems that it was done ` on the fly ' . There is no real story and therefore no real ending.There probably is potential for a sequel to the Mummy - but this is certainly not it . Ignore it ! Play dead !
 I 'll preface this by saying that I loved the first Mummy . A great combination of humor , action and special effects mixed with great character acting by every one of the leads brought back the feel of Indiana Jones.So of course , I went to The Mummy Returns hoping to catch another glimpse of what I consider to be the best humor/action movie in the past 5 years . I was sorely disappointed.Essentially , they took everything from the original and rehashed it in the sequel . They cracked almost every good joke from the first movie in the second , a repititious affair that went from slightly painful to excruciating within the first 20 minutes of the film.Combine that with the removal of a central , cohesive plot to be replaced with no less than 5 weakly connected subplots.Plot 1 - the Scorpion King . Sold his soul to Annubis and awakes every 5000 years.Plot 2 - Reincarnation of Anck-Su-Namun -LRB- sp -RRB- she 's back in modern form and helps locate the remains of the mummy.Plot 3 - Reincarnation of Eve . That 's right , she 's a reincarnation too , the daughter of the pharoah killed in the first movie.Plot 4 - Guess what ? Brenden Frasier 's a supreme warrior ! Yep , he was left at an orphanage -LRB- weak ! -RRB- and has a tatoo on his forearm that means he 's a magi warrior.Plot 5 - Resurrection of the mummy - yep , he 's back again.So , the evil people use the new Anck-Su-Namun to locate the remains of the mummy , bring him back to life , and then want to use him to kill the scorpion king and take control of his army of warriors . There 's only one weapon that can kill him , and it happens to be in Jonathan 's possession -LRB- wow that 's nice ! -RRB- . In the meantime , Evelyn is plagued by dreams of her past life and somehow starts to become this massive warrior woman . Oded Fehr is back as the magi warrior who spends the entire movie telling Brenden 's character that he 's `` the one '' . Is anyone else lost yet ? I am , and I 'm the one writing the review!Basically , what is left is a sequel destroyed by overkill . Instead of sticking to the formula that made the original so good -LRB- straightforward plot , solid bad guy , good mix of humor and action -RRB- , they went one step too far and tried to do too much -LRB- splintered plot , bad character development , very weak , rehashed humor -RRB- . The idea of two bad guys could have been great , but the mummy is barely seen during the movie -LRB- and when he is you wonder if a 4 year old wrote his part -RRB- and the scorpion king is an absolutely atrocious piece of CGI -LRB- tip
 I do have to admit that I enjoyed the first Mummy very much , but I was extremely disappointed in this sequal . It almost completely changes the character development from the first one and the special effects will have you rolling in the isles -LRB- quite frankly , I could have done better with an action figure and my home video camera . -RRB- Worth seeing once , but there was nothing original about this movie .
 Unwanted sequel to the worst mummy movie ever made ... which makes * The Mummy Returns * the worst-worst mummy movie ever made , I suppose . But then , that 's no surprise . The astounding -LRB- and puzzling -RRB- success of the first film guaranteed a sequel , and you can bet the filmmakers felt they had a `` mandate '' to `` top '' the other one , meaning
 Poor Brandon . He was so close to being the next indiana jones , but this movie crushed him . It was brutally bad , the story line was exactly the same as the first . And could there be anymore mush in it ? I mean you get the idea that brandon and his wife love eachother , but every 5 minutes they are gushing with how much they love eachother . Bad , bad , bad movie . And anamakson -LRB- I know the spelling is off -RRB- could she be any more modern day ? She is supposed to be reincarnated and it is a terrible job . I ca n't tell you enough , rent it but do not waste your money owning it .
 Now let me tell you , I LOVED the first Mummy . I saw it 22 times and have it on VHS and DVD and I have 2 copies of the soundtrack . As one can imagine , I was eagerly awaiting the release of MummyII . My whole family and I rushed to the theatre to see MummyII and were all extremely disappointed . There was no plot , no good acting skills -LRB- with the exception of Jonathan 's being very very upset when he thought Evie would die -RRB- , and no good effects . The animated scorpion king at the end would have been animated better in the 80 's then it was in the film , it was very fake looking . The movie twists and turns and makes no sense and leaves you with a bunch of over done and crazy , superfluous , non-sensical effects . I guess they figure , hey the movie has NOTHING going for it , why not just fill it with a huge stunt every other minute so that no one will notice what the film is lacking . I 've seen lots of movies and I usually enjoy them . But this movie was an utter disappointment . I do n't know what some people like about it .
 I ca n't believe the reviews of this movie , ok the DVD is pretty good , but this movie is aweful . No not a good popcorn movie , and no the effects are n't that good , especially on the DVD where you can see all the ... animation.It took me three days to watch this -LSB- movie -RSB- . I could n't do it all in one setting , and I 'm sorry I even rented it . Brendan Fraser ? ...
 . . watched the first half , and took it back .
 The title of the review says it all . This was the worst movie of the year , and one of the few times I ever wished I had walked out of the theater early . Special effects can not make up for a thin , unbelievable plot . If you are going to set a movie in the real world , nearly a century ago , try and stick with historically accurate props and storylines . A rocket powered blimp just does n't cut it .
 Cool special effects can not save this this dismal sequel .
 The only reason I gave this movie two stars is because they spent so much money on special effects that I felt bad just giving it one . This movie is absolutely the worst film I 've seen this year . Unless of course you 're into weak characters , stupid one liners , and a wise cracking kid that gets more annoying by the minute . It 's predictable , and not worth the energy spent sitting through it .
 Please , do not waste your time watching this movie . It is not only a waste of time , but a waste of money too . This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I almost left when I watched it at the cinema .
 Contrary to the expectation of impressive gadgetry and topnotch thrills , `` Mission Impossible '' is a dreary and overcomplicated action thriller . The only incredible thing about it is that almost the entire cast is killed within the first half hour.There are a few powerful action sequences -LRB- such as the climax involving the helicopter and the train -RRB- but the plot entanglements -LRB- with plenty of twists but no surprises -RRB- mar what might have otherwise been a good cinematic version of the hit TV series , which , in itself , was never short on suspense or sophistication .
 By and large , the movie fails because it strays too far from the premise of the TV show and ventures into 007 and Bourne territory.No IMF team , no suspense , poor story.The TV series is far superior .
 Mm . Truly a poor and silly film . If you took an episode of the old series and drained out everything that was interesting , and replaced it all with cliches , bad dialogue , flat characters , a boring story , and gimmicky , over-the-top `` plot twists '' -- you 'd have this . There 's just nothing remotely good about it -- * except * for the famous scene in which Cruise is suspended in that high-security room trying to retreive -- a disk or something ? -LRB- It 's been a while . -RRB- This one scene -- is very good . Crafty , suspenseful , and quite well edited from what I remember . If you decide to rent this movie -LRB- god forbid you * buy * it ! -RRB- -- I would recommend fast-forwarding until you reach this scene , watching it , and then moving on , to spend the remainder of your day or evening in a more productive and enriching fashion . You might want to take a peek at the climax action sequence too , it 's fairly original -LRB- although WAY over-the-top -RRB- and pretty to see .
 Your impossible misson ? Trying to watch this movie , and finding anything comprehensible about the plot . Tom Cruise said in an interview that it IS possible to follow the plot -LRB- but , obviously there is a problem if he has to point that out ! -RRB- . But does that mean one has to rewind certain sections five times , to get all the dialogue details ? Movies are not like books . In theaters , you ca n't flip back five pages , to refresh in your mind who a certain character is . So things should be spelled out with CLARITY . Something this film is woefully lacking . Having said that , DePalma is a great stylist-director , and as a music video , this is n't a total loser . But as a movie , it is .
 The first 15 minutes of the film nod to the original series and promise a slick new version for the 90s . Then suddenly the film becomes dull , predictable and cliched , featuring all the ideas that had previously been rejected as potential storylines for an MI film - ideas suggested by people who knew little about the series but thought the title sounded catchy . When the mission goes wrong and Ethan is speaking to Phelps ... its so obvious what is happening and the film vanishes under a cloud of predictability.After the excellent first quarter hour the film plods along between its two dull stunt set-pieces . Even these are just the usualy `` by-the-book '' standard fare from the Hollywood production line . If you 've seen one explosive/roller-coaster ride/hero triumphs over bad guy sequemce you 've seem them all . When Ethan breaks into the CIA to steal the CNOC list - there 's nothnig new there at all . Its a scene that has been used in other films and a great many commercials . The Channel Tunnel scene is utterly laughable - not once did it have me on the end my seat - it just had me at the end of my tether that the film deteriorated so progressively.I have heard some people say that this is a complicated film - I can only say that its complicated if you come in durnig the end titles . This is simplistic drivel , not only easy to follow but easy to predict . If you ca n't see what 's happening next then you are too young to be watching this film.Overall , a lame , boring film which again demonstrates that Brian dePalma is an overrrated director . Even the one outstanding scene I remember from one of his films was ripped-off from another -LRB- Battleship Potemkin -RRB- . If you liked the TV series - AVOID the film . If you like production line films with a couple of stupid stunt scenes in them then this will suit you right down to the ground .
 It 's a good movie , if you ignore the fact that there is no plot . Tom Cruise stumbles about the movie , going from place to place . Why ? NOBODY KNOWS ! The plot twisted and turned more that a snake stuck in a cement truck drum . Why does Ethan Hunt hang himself from a wire a few inches above a sensor-rigged floor ? NOBODY KNOWS ! Why is Mr. Phelps throwing fake blood around ? NOBODY KNOWS ! This movie should have been scrapped . It 's Impossible that a movie could be this horrible . Best thing to come out of it was the theme song .
 Mission : Impossible , the TV series , told the adventures of the Impossible Missions Force -- an elite team of covert operatives who were sent to overthrow mob kingpins , foreign dictators , terrorists and others who threatened the security of the United States . Rather than engage in James Bond-like shoot outs , the IMF team worked together to covertly neutralize threats , leaving little or no trace of their involvement . Although the IMF had a leader -LRB- Steven Hill as Dan Briggs and Peter Graves as Jim Phelps -RRB- , there was no star of the group -- just a bunch of individuals working together to achieve its objective . A truly groundbreaking show.Along comes Brain De Palma 's catastrophe of a remake , starring that couch-jumping Scientologist Tom Cruise . Within half an hour of the film starting , the entire IMF team , save for Cruise , is killed off , Jim Phelps -LRB- Jon Voight -RRB- is exposed as a double agent and basically the entire concept of the original Mission : Impossible is shot to hell . Granted , Ving Rhames and Jean Reno are present as Cruise 's new team , but Mission : Impossible is quickly bastardized as yet another Tom Cruise vehicle where he preens and postures . Making a film called Mission : Impossible into a star vehicle goes against the spirit of the original TV series . It 's obscene what Tom Cruise 's ego has done to Bruce Geller 's original concept . This is just another action film with Mr. Cruise flashing his toothy smile and saving the world all by himself . See the original TV series and skip this piece of bastardized trash .
 This movie broke down on numerous occasions into the realm of the unbelievable . Even fantasy and sci-fi movies present ideas and events in a way that the audience can accept as logical for the story . But Mission Impossible contains scenes that are stupid , illogical , unnecessary , and unrealistic.Why would a man who is a genius and the mastermind of the MI Force betray his country and his friends for a mere million dollars when he could easily obtain it legally ? Why would this man turn his back on his enemy to kill his friend ? How could a man survive a helicopter explosion while traveling at high speed in a tunnel?This is not just a bad movie , it is an insult to all fans of the TV series . Obviously the producers did not care about that . They are only after a quick buck from the name recognition . This is SHAMEFUL !
 Shortly before succumbing to cancer , Greg Morris , a star of the original `` Mission
 This is a great movie if you are a fan of action films . Cruise is good as Ethan Hunt . Jon Voigt fair as Jim Phelps . The supporting characters add to the action and the suspense is solid throughout.But if you like the TV show , this is a lousy movie . It has little spirit from the TV show and what they do to Phelps is a crime . If Hunt 's character is created new for the franchise could n't they have used another character - instead of Phelps - to play the role they designed?When you remake a television show there are certain elements that should be true to the remake - otherwise totally remake them . Putting in new characters ? OK - just do n't play with the believability and the make up of the old ones . Of course when a show is as old as Mission you are n't going to want the same leads playing their old characters , at least not if they are in a lead role . Voigt is not Jim Phelps - appearance
 First off I enjoyed the film greatly . Having said that , why make a film and call it Mission Impossible then make it so that it is the exact opposite of the TV series . I could just about accept the plot apart from the apalling travesty of making the baddie Jim Phelps . I would like to know how Paramount could sanction this . It is no wonder Peter Graves wanted nothing to do with it .
 If you 're a younger viewer you might be entertained by the gadgets and explosions . However , if you grew up watching the original T.V. series , as I did , you would walk away from this movie shouting , as did the late Greg Morris -LRB- who played Barney , the technical wiz , in the original series -RRB- , `` What an abomination ! `` The series was about a highly skilled and disciplined group of elite intelligence agents who combine their unique talents and skills to accomplish missions deemed impossible in the ordinary wing of the C.I.A. . Their success was made possible , partly , by their working as a single integrated team . Each had his or her specific task to perform as part of the overall plan . Mr. Phelps , the I.M.F. team leader , assembled his team and they developed the mission plan and procedures the way NASA , Grumman and North American Rockwell engineers did in accomplishing the moon missions . No one stood out or tried to dominate.The movie completely wrecks this premise . Yes , it has the gadgets and high-tech stuff -LRB- like the laytex masks -RRB- and there seems to be a team of sorts , but that 's all that the movie takes from the series . They purport to operate as a team , but that turns out to be an illusion . The entire team , except the one played by Tom Cruise , are double agents . Phelps -LRB- played by John Voight -RRB- turns out to be a traitor and enemy agent . They are all out to kill Tom Cruise , who has to save the world and kill Phelps and the entire I.M.F team as well -- all by himself , of course.Cruise 's ego demanded that no one else share the spotlight with him . He just appropriated the title , music and trademark gadgets of the Mission Impossible series to produce a one-man hero shoot-em-up and blow-em-up flick that has nothing to do with the original series . None of the original cast were offered roles in the movie . Offering Peter Graves -LRB- the original Phelps -RRB- a cameo part would have been the class thing to do . But neither the movie , nor Cruise , have any class . Teens would find it entertaining , but if you are an adult who remembers the original series , do n't see this movie . You will be disappointed.Paramount should release the entire T.V. series -- all seasons -- on DVD .
 We all know Brian Depalma has n't had an original idea since capuccino was invented , that he irregularly stumbles into a commercial success just often enough to keep him in cannolis.But this deal is a bigger mistake than usual . I mean it starts with Henry Czerny delivering the famous ` Good Morning Mr. Phelps ' line . Are you kidding me ? Henry friggin ' Czerny ? -LRB- and I like Henry Czerny ! -RRB- It is blasphemy of the highest order . Maybe Fran Drescher will be available for the sequel.On to our ` hero ' - his name is Ethan Hunt . All the on-screen presence of Ethan Hawke , plus all the machismo of Helen Hunt . Now I do n't know how many focus groups it took to come up with it , but every time Mr. Cruise 's on-screen monniker was spoken throughout the film , I could n't help but think I was either at a polo match or a drug-anon meeting.A superb cast . Emmanuelle Beart-wasted , Jean Reno-wasted , Kristin Scott Thomas , Henry Czerny , Ving Rhames , Jon Voight-wasted , wasted , wasted , and wasted . Dale Dye even gets a chance to make a less than meaningful impression.I ca n't agree that the story was confusing -- it was just plain stupid . David Koepp should 've done better-although sadly -LRB- without giant dinosaurs -RRB- this might just be his best , and Steven Zaillian , a true talent should be ashamed.An out and out embarrassment at every level .
 This `` film '' makes even less sense than The Avengers ! From the first scene to the last , I had absolutely NO IDEA what was going on ! I guess that 's why they called it `` Impossible '' -- impossible to understand . It 's also very BORING , except for a few short , mildly entertaining scenes . What a complete waste of time !
 Maybe I 'm not that bright ... but I did n't get it . Some good actions scenes though and fans Tom Cruise and the original TV series seem to enjoy it . Worth a rental I guess .
 Mission Impossible TV Series had some bad chapters especially duringthe Sixth and Seventh Seasons . However , these Episodes were muchbetter than this Film starring Tom Cruise . This is really a horriblemovie .
 With the exception of the scene of Ethan trying to recover the gold disk in a cable and the final action sequence with the helicopter exploding in the tunel , this movie is simply a piece of junk!I fell asleep on most part of it and i was very disapointed with it!Mission Impossible 2 was clearly better , though not that spectacular , but i really enjoyed that movie.The fact that this was a big success is beyond me.Skip this one and get the sequel.You 'll be glad you did !
 To figure out `` Mission Impossible '' after just one or a few viewings is truly an impossible mission . The plot involves more questions than answers and seems to resemble a bus leaving a stop with the dumbfounded passengers-to-be left at the stop confused at why the bus just kept on going . This action flick started out with a straight-forward-cliche-spy-mission to retrieve a certain bit of information . The mission appeared to be a failure . Things got ugly in a hurry . That was when the bus left -LRB- so to speak -RRB- and the confusion began . The way it ended still has me baffled . The action sequence at the end is laughable . Trust me , it is beyond believable . Seeing is not believing in this movie . There are certain instances in `` Mission Impossible '' when characters show up with no explanation of how they actually got there . They are just there . -LRB- See it , and you will understand that further -RRB- `` Mission Impossible '' had a very original scene involving a different way of portraying the thinking of a character at a particular time . -LRB- I wo n't spoil it . That was great -RRB- So , if you solved `` Mission Impossible '' during or after the first viewing you are truly and I mean truly a genius . The attention to detail it would take to understand this movie is just incredible . Who was the target audience ? The CIA ?
 Being a fan of the original `` Mission
 Mission Impossible the movie has nothing in common with the classic series from the 1960 's . As noted in many of the reviews , the film is impossible to understand in that there does n't seem to be a coherent plot line . The element of suspense is forced here . Granted , the TV series depended on a sudden twist -LRB- as well as the obligatory commercial break -RRB- to maintain suspense . A one-hour series is invariablly difficult to transfer to the big screen , but at least the TV series had some sense of coherency that was lacking in the movie . Also , Mr. Phelps ' transformation from good guy in the series to villian in the film is too hard to believe -LRB- and for fans of MI , a major disappointment -RRB- . Now are the CIA the bad guys and are the good guys really good here ? And I find it hard to believe that Jim Phelps could knock off all the members of his team single-handedly . Great special effects and sound do not a good movie make and Tom Cruise is back to his ` Top Gun ' days here when nobody took him as a serious actor -LRB- I still do n't consider him a serious actor-and that includes ` Jerry MacGuire '' -RRB- . So there 's going to be a sequel and John Woo 's directing ? Hopefully he can do a better job similar to his Hong Kong movies , which show a grittiness and realism that is so lacking in this film , but I 'm not holding out much hope given the quality of this film . What if Tom Cruise bites the dust in the new movie ? Now that would be the perfect plot twist.One question though , who 's going to be the leader of the IMF ? Are they going to haul out Dan Briggs out of retirement ? And if MI2 is as big a bomb as the first movie , are the people involved going to disavow it ? And is the only reason a sequel is being made because somebody ` showed the money ' to the principals ?
 This movie is the worst of modern movie making
 Fans of the TV series should be dissappointed and angry that a good show has gotten into the wrong hands . There is none of the intrigue or ingenuity that was so integral to the series . The movie could have and should have been made under a different title . Why was it necessary to spoil the memory of a great TV series with this nonsense?Without revealing any of the plot , let me just say that the denouement is particularly awful , in that it puts one of the main characters from the TV show in a very negative light . This particular plot element was completely unnecessary and un-called for . No reason to see this at all .
 The movie itself is great , but the blu ray is n't very good . It is quite grainy in some scenes and you can clearly see imperfections of the film in certain shots . I have some DVDs that look equally good when &#34; upscaled &#34; in my Panasonic BDT210 ... Long story short , I doubt most people would see a difference from the DVD version for a fraction of the cost .
 The only good thing is this movie is the CIA sequence . The rest of it makes little to no sense . A true exercise in style with no substance .
 Version
 I ordered three of the Mission Impossible DVD 's but from different places . When I tried to watch this dvd , it would not play . It arrived in on time just was n't able to watch it . Darn it .
 This is a nice summer Tom Cruise movie . It has a decent plot , magic tricks , Ving Rhames and Jean Reno . It is NOT Mission
 MISSION
 i 've never thought much of Tom Cruise 's acting and this film does nothing to change my view.this is a waste of Money & film.a bad joke to the TV SHow.i respect Brian DE Palma but this is a stinker.no story line at all .
 And unfortunately so many people do . Blatant vanity project , the movie 's saved only when director Brian DePalma kicks in with his brand of blazing comic book action - which is great , yes , but not enough this time around . Complicated plot ? Phooey . Annoying is more like it .
 The only great thing about Mission Impossible -LRB- 1996 -RRB- directed by Brian De Palma and staring Tom Cruise and John Voight is the updating of the theme song . The new theme song was great . It 's true the film had a lot of plot holes , but that 's only one thing that bothered me when I saw it on the big screen . The plot was completely loused up . The beginning was the worst . Never have I seen a movie where the entire original team of anything is killed off two minutes into the movie . The entire IMF team is killed two minutes into the movie leaving pretty boy Ethan Hunt -LRB- Tom Cruise -RRB- as the only survivor . Ethan Hunt is the disguise expert of the force . This is the second thing that bothers me . Was n't Paris played by Leonard Nimoy aka Spok always the one with the clever disguises on the team ? I hate when movie makers take hold of an already good idea and twist and mold it into nothing , like creating new characters . They did it with Charlie 's Angels -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . What happened to Jill , Sabrina and Kelly ? Sure one of the original characters makes a cameo in the sequel . Remember the motto
 The only good thing about this flick is Vanessa Redgrave . The rest ca n't act . Period .
 As an avid fan Bruce Geller 's Mission Impossible and its iconic characters and cast , I was aghast at this film and despise it . Anyone who has any affection for Peter Graves and his inimitable portrayal of the heroic Jim Phelps is forewarned.That said , I do like the MI franchise , and find 2 , 3 , and 4 very entertaining .
 I thought this movie was garbage , for the main reason of what they did to one of the main characters of the mission impossible TV series . This character of the TV series would not be like the one in the movie . I do n't think the writers of the movie ever saw the series . If i could give this movie less that one star i would .
 This movie exposes so much of what is wrong with American cinema . It betrays its heritage , confuses action for suspense , substitutes plot twists for intelligence , worships formula , and takes cynical manipulation of its audience to new heights.Its worst crime is its betrayal of its heritage . The original TV series embodied something rare in Hollywood
 This movie really sucked ! I would not classify it as being one of the best movies ever made . I found Tom Cruises acting abominable and degrading . His acting was an insult to the art of drama.I found many faults with this movie that I found hard to believe .1 . I did not like the different plots in this film . Usually films have one single plot in them but this one just kept dragging on and on .2 . What was this `` Mission
 One of the endless remakes these days , Mission Impossible is , like The Saint , a flop . It 's main problem is the plot . I simply did n't understand it . The good guy is the bad guy , whos sort of the good guy ... Ofcourse , it 's all swamped in explosions and various visuals , but there is little to compliment . Tom Cruise is okay , but John Voight is awful . On the whole , watch something else .
 Totally ruined by the lack of Close Captioning . When will the Brititish learn ?
 My children watch educational videos regularly , including the sight words DVD offered with the same kid 2020 logo on it . Despite their high tolerance for educational DVDs , we were extremely disappointed in the Math Facts DVD . The educational part did not hold the interest of any of my children -LRB- age 3 , age 4 & two age 6 -RRB- . Part of the problem was during the rhythmic learning part . The poor graphics did n't seem to bother the children , but the volume and tones of the voices varied way too much . Some of the math facts were too loud , while others were too soft and difficult to hear . My son was very frustrated when he could n't hear what they were saying . The worst part of the DVD was the poor behavioral modeling . In the `` classroom '' section of the show , there is a little girl who is constantly disruptive and off task . The teacher tells her to raise her hand or stay on topic , or something like that , but the girl continues the poor behavior . My children did not get anything worthwhile out of this video . I was surprised to see a few decent reviews ... . All four of my children enjoyed the Learning Treehouse Addition , Leapfrog Math Circus , Mathtacular , Meet the Sight Words , Dolch Sight Words and Rock n Learn Phonics . This is one of the rare few educational videos I do NOT recommend .
 Bought this DVD for my grand-daughter who is just beginning to play . She was concerned about her schools upcoming tryouts wanting to know what the game was about and so not make any mistakes . Yes , it did show the basic hits , but lacked any detail on the layout of the court , the placement of the players , the rules of the game , the things a beginner needs to know just to walk onto the court , etc. . I went on-line and printed out a diagram of the court and the rules of the game . I showed her where the players were placed , the rotation of players and discussed the rules . All of which could have easily worked into and fit on this short DVD .
 I think some of the postings here have been less than truthful . This particular DVD is very grainy , the sound is often muddy and there are occasional jumps in scenes . I do not recommend this to a buyer wanting to add some Holmes films to his library . Surely there 's a better offering out there ... and if not , I would suggest waiting till someone offers a digitally remastered version of these very fine old films .
 The quality of the reproduction on this DVD is appalling and I 've had to return this disc as it is unwatchable ! Your other reviewers seem to think that the low price more than compensates for the lack of quality !? This disc is an insult to three ` classic ' films!This disc is really very poor and it 's cost me a lot of good money in returning it !
 This is probably the WORST of all variety shows ever made in the 70 's . Part of the charm of the Brady 's was watching them mow the astroturf , keep an empty dog house in the yard , watch Marcia date everyone from Desi Arnaz , Jr. to Davy Jones , and watch them put on plays in their back yard . It 's all fake , we know . But transporting them to a `` variety show '' as if they were a real family - what were they thinking ? Watching `` Greg '' trying to sing a Broadway number is painful ; watching Mike dance to `` shake your booty '' is agonizing , making the Silver Platters routine look like a Bob Fosse number . The jokes are hopeless ; watch as one the confused Water Follies kicks in the opposite direction at the end of the show . Tony Randall is boring , the fake Jan is , well , as fake as that famous black wig . The roller rink sketch that places real life brother/sister Donny and Marie Osmond -LRB- themselves cheesy variety show royalty -RRB- and fake brother/sister Greg and Marcia singing `` Splish Splash '' is the singlemost vapid and devastating piece of television ever created . Watch this after the party is over and you 're very drunk .
 Being a fan of the Brady Bunch sitcom I watched this variety show when they had it on Nick at Nite and it was so corny ! Eve Plumb the real Jan turned this down , I think she made a very wise decision in doing that ! OK so yes The sitcom could also be corny at times but not as bad as this variety show and was 100 times better !
 One of The worst thing that came out of the 70 's and so unoriginal , they just jumped on the variety show band wagon and thank goodness it did n't last too long and they got pushed off that band wagon ! The bubble gum music , goofy dancing , ugly costumes and lame jokes are just plain tacky . I 'll watch a Brady Bunch rerun any time I can but I 'll pass on the variety show . Okay we all know that Florence Henderson is very talented and has a beautiful singing voice but come on you have to admit that this show was beneath her !
 I loved this movie ... at least I thought I would love this movie . It started out with lots of intensity and kept me interested for the first hour and half , but after a while I was like ... `` Okay '' , let 's get to the point . I understand the whole point of telling the whole story and getting all the points across , but when you 're wanting a movie to end that 's not good . I 'm not saying it 's a bad movie , it was one of the best last year , I just thought it was horrible .
 One would presume that , under the helm of Michael Mann , and with the talents of Al Pacino and Russel Crowe -LRB- Mann and Pacino having made one of the best films of the nineties , Heat -RRB- that The Insider would be as taut , engaging , engrossing thriller as you could get . However , there simply is nothing there . The story itself is hardly engaging , telling you facts about smoking you already knew -LRB- the whole ` mystery ' revealed by Crowe that the film hangs on for the first hour is that cigarettes are actually harmful -RRB- thus we must rely on the acting and directing to pull us through a so-so story . Of course , Al Pacino is good . Crowe , however , is hardly oscar-worthy . He gives a much better performance in LA Confidential or even Romper Stomper . The fact that the press have billed his performance as ` the best this year ' is quite unfortunate , a burden , even . Characterisation is thin , we never really learn anything of Wigand 's family , or Bergman 's -LRB- a strength of Heat , I have to say -RRB- , and so we 're stuck with two potentially engaging cahracters floundering undeer the weight of a potentially ` huge ' story . There are some good scenes , Pacino chews up soem excellent dialogue , but as a whole , The Insider is , for me , nothing more that an excellent director 's effort to repeat past masterpieces .
 I watched this movie as part of my research for a paper on `` whistle-blowing '' that I did for a graduate class last fall . I must say that the film is very unobjective and far too long . Propaganda is an apt description . For starters , the film goes overboard in trying to portray Wiegand as a victim . It starts with him being fired from his job , but it never really explains why he was fired ! The film 's makers make a big point of demonizing tobacco companies , calling them `` bozos who never lose '' and rich enough `` to spend you to death . '' But later in the movie , the companies are apparently reduced to placing `` bullets '' in Wiegand 's mailbox and sending him threatening e-mails . Incidentally , an FBI agent later claimed in an affadavit that he suspected Wiegand of fabricating the threatening message . There is also the case of Wiegand claiming that coumarin was rat poison and his company was adding it to cigarettes . I confirmed that coumarin was not carcinogenic . In fact , I talked with a purchasing specialist with Brown & Williamson and he told me that coumarin was basically vanilla flavoring ! I could go on and on with items of interest that I uncovered during my research and other peculiar items from the movie but my point is to say that this film is absurd . Russell Crowe , who plays the `` hero '' Jeffrey Wiegand , was on the cover of GQ magazine long before this movie 's release with a cigarette in his hand ! Avoid ` The Insider . '
 I still do n't understand how this movie received such high reviews . This is possibly one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . From start to -LRB- a very long -RRB- finish the movie just never picks up . Yes , it 's a true story . But did they need to make a 3 hour movie out of it ? My answer is a simple NO . This is just a perfect example of every movie critic not wanting to get on the bad side of Mike Wallace and saying truthfully the movie was God awful .
 What an awful movie this thing is . It takes itself way way to seriously . Who cares about Mike Wallace and that phony Sixty Minutes program anyway . What makes the movie even worse than it should be is the Letterbox format and Al Pacino 's awful hairpiece . Do n't waste your time with this thing unless your 're looking for a good unintentional laugh .
 This movie was a flop at the box office , and deserved to be . This was a trivial incident to base a whole movie on . And it was n't carried off well . I thought it was badly done , and should n't have been done at all . And I do n't like cigarette companies , and I still did n't like this movie .
 Perhaps the DVD is ok as you could fast forward but I 'd think twice about purchasing such a slow film . I thought the movie had finished 3 or 4 times before it actually did . Mea culpa !
 Boring , slow , and boring . Even watching the actual 60 Minutes pieces on this story was more entertaining .
 Another exammple of Hollywood 's view of the world . As an ex-smoker , the significance of this drama eludes me . I mean its not as if nobody has the slightest inkling that cigarettes are bad for you and addictive and you should n't smoke . But apparently the responsiblity does not lie with the individual - to get a grip on him or herself and not smoke - but with the big tobacco companies who are made to seem as if they are preying on a hapless populace who regard them with tragically misguided childlike trust and reverence . From the gravity of this movie a newly-arrived space alien who wandered into a theater and pointed his antennae at the screen would get the impression that we earthlings are very much like the eloi and morlocks of HG Wells ' future world . The eloi smokers - lets call them the smokeloi - go around in a beatific daze with a cigarette hanging out of the side of their mouths at all times . They are not eaten by the tobacco-producing morlocks - lets call them the philmorlocks - but presently some of them develop a whacking cough . The time traveller witnesses this situation and it does not occur to him to ask the smokeloi why they do n't just stop smoking . Instead , he suggests that the smokeloi should sue the philmorlocks for everything they own - which in this case is plenty . The scene fades out with the thus incited smokeloi still smoking but now jumping up and down chanting slogans , holding placards with cigarettes hanging out of the side of their mouth . They buoy the time traveller aloft like he 's stage diving at an REM concert and as the light hits his face in those last few moments you ca n't quite tell if he 's supposed to be Al Pacino or Russell Crowe and come to think of it you do n't really care .
 I find it very hard to review this film without the use of bad language , but I 'll try . From start to finish this film was terrible - with a cast of uninteresting characters and an even more pathetic plot , I found it astonishing that this film has been nominated for ` Film of the Year ' . What I found even more astonishing was that one of my all time heros - Pacino - was willing to star in this tripe . Of course , to be fair , I had nothing but praise for Pacino 's performance - which helped to ease my suicidal urges through 157 minutes . The main problem of this film is Michael Mann 's repeated failure to deliver - he repeatedly sets up a superb opportunity for a moment of interest or suspense only to let the audience down with an anti-climax . The idea of the plot being centered around a true story of an ` insider ' willing to testify on public record should have been a worthy content for the film , but the way the story is told makes it almost too true to life - almost as if watching a bland documentary . Do n't get me wrong - I do n't believe all films need violence and guns to make excitement , but ` The Insider ' was just too long with little or no moments of action for the audience to sit up and take interest . It is bad enough the film being plain boring , but 157 minutes of this is just ridiculous , and it is about time films are reviewed with the truth in mind and therefore pathetic attempts like this will never be nominated for best film of the year . It will be a cold day in hell before I ever watch any more of Mann 's work .
 Ok , this movie is about 1.5 hours longer than it should have been ... Did they forget to hire an editor?It starts out ok , but the whole thing just kinda strains at the end , until it gets to be like a neverending broken record . The make up jobs are weird as well . It seems like Russell Crowe never fully underwent his `` aging '' transformation . Yeah , he has on a grey wig , but his face is that of a relatively young person . Besides that , Al Pacino , who is like 15 years older than him in real life , looks 20 years younger than Crowe in the movie.It 's an OK movie , but nothing special ... Tip
 i found this to be one of the most boring films of 1999 . russell crowe , as usual , completely eclipses everyone else who 's onscreen at the same time , but al pacino just screams and claws at the scenery for 2 hours . it 's always great to see christopher plummer and he 's wonderfully low-key , but the movie overall is a yawner ... i just do n't see what everyone was so excited about .
 Something between a documentary and a movie there are serious problems with the plot . Remove Pacino and it is worth very little . This is a pity because the topic is important .
 `` The Insider '' is the story of a man named Jeffrey Wigand who blows the whistle on Brown & Williamson Tobacco Co. . Apparently , the company put chemicals in their cigarettes to facilitate the addiction process , as well as ignoring Wigand 's efforts to reduce some of the cigarette 's harmful effects . Yes , you guessed it
 I am not saying that this is a bad movie or bad story ... not at all . But here are the disappointments that might hit you :1 . One of things that might disappoint the audience is that it can not be easily swallowed after Russel 's great movie `` Gladiator '' . 2 . Second when you say Al Pacino , we remember his greatests `` Heat '' or `` Devil 's Advocate '' . So this movie does not easily fit with many of his great movies.So the success of this movie is no more determined by the actors past successful history , but only if the story is good or not . And yes the story was good and had its certain type of suspense but it gets in a frame that we all knew about this story and now it has got out.In other words , we always believed that smoking cigarettes is an addiction . No this film told us why and how . So it 's not new , but now it is out.I see that this type of story needed not such expensive great actors except to attract more audience !
 The only impressive thing about this overblown and self-important film was that the director was able to get it released with easily an hour of totally disposable footage and scenes included . That must have taken some doing . Otherwise , it is totally undistinguished
 I thought this was ok for a rental but not for something i would spend 25.00 on . I was disapointed in all the whispering . I know it is a movie about secrets but you could barely understand them at times . Reminds me of Murder at 1600 .
 Touchstone has decided to force you to watch two trailers EVERY SINGLE TIME you insert the disc in your player . The only function allowed is power off and eject . Do n't get me wrong the movie is very good , but the DVD execution is terrible . If I had known this , I would never have bought it .
 As a previous reviewer said , `` it never picks up '' . I kept wondering when something would happen or whether I had blacked out and missed key scenes . I regretted watching it more than wasting money on it . I mean , it was a little like torture . One scene goes on and on showing a string of cars moving down the street . Characters go this way and then that way , on and off the phone , or in and out of cars . Pare all the fluff away and there might be a movie in there somewhere.The volume and background music is erractic and intrusive . I would rather hear a kennel full of barking dogs , a nursery full of crying babies , or a beeping street sweeper , than this movie 's soundtrack . The same song erupts randomly throughout the film , perhaps to increase the drama where none existed in the first place.One of the few shining lights in this movie is Christoper Plummer . He was brilliant as Dan Rather . Pacino was Pacino , Crowe was Crowe , and most of the actors , forgettable.This is one of the worst movies I 've ever seen and amazed it was nominated for best picture .
 IT WILL TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY ONLY IF YOU 'RE ASTHMATIC ... Not that I 've never liked long movies on serious topics with good actors , but not this one - it 's difficult to withstand 150 min of gray-haired obese R Crowe -LRB- although I 'm glad this part made for his raise to fame -RRB- , even when he 's very persuasively portrays pangs of conscience of an ex-CEO of a big tobacco company who wants to help bring overwhelming truth that smoking is bad and causes addiction to American people with help of ever-green , sorry , ever-young A Pacino , a journalist `` truth-digger '' who wants to push it through to national TV . I agree , it 's not all actors ' fault , but some scenes are intentionally dragged out with no particular reason , so called `` terror unleashed '' upon R Crowe 's character is unpersuasive , music is unnerving - this dramatic howling would have suited some Joan d'Arc-type movie.In short , such movies are done for a very limited type of viewers if it was so brilliant , why it did n't receive an Oscar ? Compare with American Beauty . See the difference ? -RRB- . To me personally , who is too young to adore A Pacino only because he starred in some good mafia-movies 20 years ago , thank God we 've fast forward , otherwise I 'd be peacefully shoring after 30 min of the movie .
 I just saw this movie last night , then read all these reviews . I have to say , I was n't too impressed . Overdone , over-dramatic , way too self-important and smug - stereotypes of the good whistleblower and the evil corporations , I 've had it with Hollywood , which has popularized the `` coolness '' of smoking since the 40 's , maybe even the 30 's . The acting was good enough . But to me , it 's just another political message from Hollywood . And what was the end result of all this angst ? A multi-billion dollar settlement , most of which went to lawyers , and the cigarette companies are still operating as usual . The government could have banned cigarettes , but they want the tax revenue . People smoke because they want to , and no one is going to stop them until they decide they want to stop . And come on , everyone knew way before this ` expose ' that cigarettes caused cancer . Did they beef up the nicotine properties ? I guess so , but again , if cigarettes cause cancer , they cause cancer , whether there is a little more or less nicotine per cigarette . Hey , I hate cigarettes and never smoked . But let 's get real here.By the way , I saw `` Avatar '' last week and again , the political message and stereotypes - evil Americans against hippie-tree worshipping pagans , ruined it for me .
 ` The Insider ' could have been a much better movie than it actually turned out to be . One of the main problems with the film is we do n't know anything about the Russel Crow 's character or his family . They were poorly developed and that really hurts the movie . We do n't know why Jeff has the emotional problems he has or why his wife seems like she is going to vomit in every other scene.What is also really annoying is how the ` The Insider ' was filmed.Do we really need to see extreme close-ups of the characters ' faces from five different angles ? What purpose does this type of directing serve ? Al Pacino did a fine job as always , but even he could n't save this mess .
 The story itself , which is based on real events , is interesting but the filmmakers made it into a weak feature film . There is too much unnecessary information and the `` 60 minutes '' peoples ' portrayal is too harsh . Some scenes are repeated during the film and the overall dialogue can -LSB- at times -RSB- put you to sleep.I give this film two stars instead of one because of Russel Crowe 's superb acting .
 The film has Skinner -LRB- Mel Gibson -RRB- as a FBI agent sent to a low life hotel to investigate the death of an artist named Izzy -LRB- Tim Roth . -RRB- Everyone thinks that it was just suicied . But old Skinner knows better and through some searching comes up with his own idea . The film also has Tom-Tom -LRB- Jeremy Davies -RRB- who 's best friend was Izzy as the main suspect . But the film goes and does nothing but burn up two hours . You can even see Mel yawning on screen.It is the one Mel Gibson film we should like to forget . Grade :D -
 I expected a great deal from this movie . I was overwhelmingly disappointed . It gets one star because I HAVE to give it at least one star , there 's no option for ' 0 star ' . I am a huge U2 fan , but the music was downright dull . It all sounded like the same song over and over again , and as the person I was watching the movie with stated , it was filled with Bono 's masturbatory musical moments -LRB- ie . unnecessary musical vignettes during a scene , lyrics that were dour , dull and pretty much unrelated to the action , etc. -RRB- I am a HUGE Mel Gibson fan , and love Jimmy Smits , but both of their performances were mediocre , at best . It surely had more to do with an uninspired -LRB- and uninspiring -RRB- script than any shortcomings of theirs.I wo n't give away the big mystery behind Mel 's neck brace , but it was the most ridiculous plot twist -LRB- if you could call it that ?!? -RRB- I 've ever been subjected to.What a waste of time and money this was . It 's a stinker .
 `` Sometimes the line between art & garbage is thin ! '' A movie like this should NOT have used a line like that ! It 's a shame that a quallity name such as Mel Gibson would allow himself to be associated with this mess . Gibson is a disabled dictective investagating a murder -LRB- or suicide -RRB- in a hotel of `` artists '' . `` Artist '' has always been a polite word for LOOSER and the characters in this hotel prove that ! The viewer is not always sure what 's going on but after a while does n't care ! However , Euro trash loved this movie and it won an award at some Micky-Mouse film festival in Germany ! Even die-hard Gibson with pleasant memories of `` Brave Heart '' , `` Road Warrior '' and `` lethal Weapon 2 '' will want to miss this one .
 It is not often that I walk out of the theater before the movie ends . In fact this is the first time I ever did in probably 25 years . After almost a very excruciating hour I just could n't take it any longer . This is one of those movies where everyone wants to pretend to see a deeper meaning than what it really is . I enjoy independent films and films that move away from main stream Hollywood . However , this was pure garbage . Some guy narrates this movie with unyielding rhetoric only to finally jump off the roof . Mel Gibson could n't save this movie , he was just as bad as the rest of the characters . I would give negative stars to this movie if I could . Do n't waste your money and do n't rent this movie .
 This is one of those movies that is `` artistic '' because someone was trying really really really hard to make it that way . People say that art is in the eye of the beholder and I have typically felt that the so-called `` artistic '' movies try so hard to be `` artistic '' that they become ... In this case , I am the beholder and I say that this movie is garbage , even for Mel Gibson , who is a wonderful actor . I feel the same way about this movie as I did about Pulp Fiction and Taxi Driver . This movie was ... The plot was dumb . The ending was dumb . The characters and acting were ridiculous and ... . well I dunno ! There are so many bad things I could say about this movie but I do n't want to waste anymore of my time . I have other things I could be doing . I just felt the need to print my very very negative review .
 This book is a low-grade rewrite of dream team , which is a copy of one flew over the cuckoos nest , witch if a rip off of Don Quixote . So we see that everything is a copy of some classic , and as time progresses , the copies get worse , like running Shakespeare through a Xerox machine so the copies get more and more degraded each time.The music is n't even up to par with u2 's standasrds . I think that ` passengers ' is a better soundtrack like miss Sarajevo which is really a monotonous song , but bono and the lads breath live and power into what would normally be a sub-B side song . But satellite of love is n't up to snuff there are better versions of this song.An odd film to be sure but are crazy people really that virtupus , and do they really see things saner than we do ? We should get real with thementally ill abnd increase funding and nor glamorizeing a disease .
 this movie is possibly the worst movie i have ever seen . It would have probly been better if you could hear the words the people were saying half of the time . And do n't use any of that i am shallow i do n't get it ... because i get alot of things and i find depressing movies with hard to follow storylines easy to understand . but this is awful . it has no point and if you buy it you would surely be wasting your money . the music is awuful and the plot is teriible . i can understand why some people gave it bad raitings but not why some gave it good ones . do not buy this movie or watse you money on renting it . I am saving you from a huge dissapointment . I wish i could have gieven it zero stars .
 I rented this movie because a friend of mine made the statement , `` Mel Gibson has never been a BAD film '' . Boy was he wrong . Mel must have owed somebody a HUGE favor for him to take the role of Agent Skinner -LRB- X-Files anyone ? -RRB- . This film had NO basis in reality . The story was weak , boring , and had NO point whatsoever . The Acting was HORRIBLE . I have NEVER seen a group of actors looking like they COULD N'T WAIT for the filming to end . Mel Gibson was absolutely TERRIBLE . I was truly AMAZED that there were actual Human Beings that ENJOYED this film . I read the previously printed reviews and was in utter unbelief . I mean I 've enjoyed my share of BAD movies -LRB- like HOUSE and HOUSE 2 -RRB- , but at least those Movies had a little fun on their way to the Movie Trash Bin . I really do n't understand WHY this film was made OR how it even survived the DVD Transfer -LRB- it should 've melted as it recorded -RRB- . I have to say this is probably THE worst Movie I have EVER seen in my life . I thought it was a Movie called SPIDERS -LRB- you can read my Review of that one right here at Amazon.com -RRB- , but , to my disbelief -LRB- and dismay -RRB- Hollywood has actually produced another Raspberry Award Nominee . My only regret about this review is that I HAD to give it at least ONE STAR . Please forgive me ; it deserves ZERO !!!
 This review is for anyone who , like me saw the trailer and said to them selves `` wow that looks like a really cool detective movie '' , well its not a detective movie , Mel Gibson is in it as a detective this much is true but his character take a black seat in this picture , wandering in and out of the story line at his will . The real story is about is about two of the crazy people that are staying at this hotel flirting with each other.Milla Jovovich plays her underwritten part well with lots of subtel moments I 'm sure people wont pick up on straight away , ... Tom Tom character is mentally retarded so its really hard to work out his reasonings and motivation ...
 Whilst flicking through the new releases listings I noticed that this film had received cracking reviews and ratings from other Amazon shoppers , this alarmed me so much that I felt my opinion should be heard -LRB- something I do n't usually do -RRB- . I believe that everybody has their `` Do not , no matter what , go and see this film '' story , which you will tell your friends and colleagues and even have a bit of a chuckle about it . I went to see Million Dollar Hotel during its theatrical release here in the UK.A film requires characters that are slightly likeable ... This film sadly has none . I also believe that a film requires a screenplay that has some substance to it , hell it might even overpower the terrible characters , but again this film is incredibly lacking in this facet.So a film which has characters and a story that are both neither interesting nor attractive , I then continue to tell you why you should not see this film . I believe that a film can be very stylised and very cool , I love the Coen Bros. , Gilliam and Kubrick , all who perform their stylising very well , sadly I felt that this film tried too hard and it looked poo , the dirtiness annoyed me , Jovovich 's character was sooo flaky it was untrue , the lead character Tom-Tom -LRB- Jeremy Davies -RRB- was intensely irritating , believe it or not Gibson was the only actor that provided some clean relief and I hope that this is a film that Roth will never admit that he was ever involved in.A film of such poor substance is generally forgivable if it has loads of explosions , special effects , fighting etc. but , you guessed it , it does n't , just a crappy film that will please such a small minority of Wim Wenders fans it really should n't have been made.Other than all of the above shortcomings it has more , YES MORE , reasons why you should n't see this movie , from the opening credits it was obvious that Bono had been significantly involved in this movies production , from score to cameo 's , all of this gave the film a feel of a Bono music video , a crap music video , with a poor story behind it . 15 minutes into themovie and any intelligent person will be able to tell that this film is not going to get any better.Please , for your own sake do not watch this film , to quote Delroy Lindo in get shorty `` I have seen better film on teeth . `` Please do not watch it to see how bad it is , it really , really sucks ! then again you will always need something bad to compare the good to I suppose .
 Too bad there is not a rating of MINUS-stars . This film is garbage ; boring , pretentious , and meaningless . Perhaps other reviews can attach their own fantasies and for them this DOA film may say something . But I found it an irritating waste of time . When a script and the characters within it have no definition , no relevance , and no entertainment value - watching it becomes either self-torture or an exercise in pretending that it serves some arty vision . This is the only time that Mel Gibson let me down . I understand he donated his services to this production and , in that case , he was very much overpaid .
 Despite of having the hand of a true great director at the helm and a multi-star cast -LRB- including a top-notch soundtrack by U2 -RRB- , the movie lacks the rhythm and charisma needed to live up to its expectations , with great performances lost in a bad script . It 's just a wanna-be art movie , and nothing else .
 This was a real waste of time . Nothing good about this viewing experience . It could have been much `` better '' if it had been thirty minutes long . Just chop out all of the relentlessly tedious middle of the movie . This was just horrible .
 This is one of those movies you pick up in the video store because it has Mel Gibson on the cover and Tim Roth in the back . Surprise , Roth is in this flick for about two seconds , and Gibson is stuck in a toned down reprise of his `` Payback '' role . Which means gravelly voice and none of the charm that is his speciality . The plot is fragmented , the stories are crudely stuck together and the acting is sub-par . Milla Jovovich is fun to look at , like always , but apart from her startlingly sharp cheekbones and piercing eyes , she is pretty well glamoured down.You should be able to figure out the situation behind this movie without even watching it . It is a 2001 release that most people have never heard of . A film released straight to video with Mel Gibson ? How could a studio do that to a film with such a marketable star ? Remember movie executives are there to make money , if they thought there was anything even remotely worthwhile in this film then it must have been horrible . It is.The movie drags along under the narration of Jeremy Davies ' character , Tom-Tom . The lines do n't explain anything , are often repetitive , and are often whispered for the sake of generating some atmosphere . The only thing they suceed in generating is annoyance.I could go on , but what 's the point ? Do n't watch this movie , do n't rent it , and certainly do n't buy it . It is n't good . Plain and simple . Save your money and , instead , go and rent any of the actually good films that any one of these actors has had a part in .
 I 'm sure the intent was to blow minds with indescribable brilliance , but sadly the outcome only raised the bar on cheez-ball arty pretension to new heights . MDH is one of the most contrived films ever.Let me give you an example . One of the loonies who inhabit the so-called Million Dollar Hotel is a `` wounded soul '' called Eloise . She also happens to be the resident prostitute and muse -LRB- i guess -RRB- . At one point she says , `` I 'm not real , i 'm fictional . '' At this point , I want to kick Eloise in the head . Oh ... uh , the gushing blood and that throbbing pain in your head are n't real ... they 're fictional . It 'll be o.k. ... just click your ruby red shoes together 3 times.In all seriousness , this movie is about as deep as the Taco bell dog 's pee puddle . It is a by-product of heroin chic silliness . It is oddball for the sake of beingoddball . It is a little too clever for it 's own good -LRB- not that clever is bad , but I believe there is a point when it can come across as being forced , not to mention annoying -RRB- . It is a big fat goose egg.Basically , this film just tried too hard to be profound , and it just was n't -LSB- period -RSB- It has the poetic stylings of some pasty-faced Goth kid living in a suburb filled with palm-trees , golf courses , and subscriptions to Vogue . word up .
 if your into romanticizing junkies and insanity , you love this pseudo-intellectual pretentious piece of garbage . Even a Bud Cort cameo could n't save this trash . Bono must think he 's some sort of prodigal son spreading the word of Mother Truth to us close-minded peon earthlings . Get over yourself . U 2 are just another brick in the wall .
 I thought Wim Wenders was incapable of making a bad film until I saw this . Apparently the idea was conceived by Bono of U2 -LRB- who should clearly stick to churning out pop songs -RRB- . It started out well , with lots of the clever signature devices that come with a Wenders film , and had a promising cast , flagshipped by big names such as Mel Gibson and Tim Roth . However , it quickly went downhill , and before long it became apparent that whatever story lay behind the film had run its course in the first ten minutes . The remainder of the film revolved around the relationship between Tom Tom and Eloise , both of whom were clearly a couple of Lancasters short of a full squadron , and whose efforts to communicate lay in a series of grunts , twitches and slaps . No doubt this was meant to be endearing and heart-warming . In fact it was tedious and boring to the point where I wanted to bludgeon the pair of them to death with a lead pipe . I could n't tell you how it ended , because I fell asleep long before that blessed moment came to pass . Wenders is a brilliant film-maker , but this is clearly the exception proving the rule
 Keep away . Absolute self indulgent garbage . Pretentious tosh . The main character mumbles throught the film . `` nutters '' are all portrayed as people scratching their heads whilst staring at the floor with a pained expression all their other attributes are copied off crazys portrayed in other films -LRB- Brad Pitt-12 monkeys for example -RRB- . It tries SO hard to be original and clever and fails on both counts . There are a couple of humorous lines in it but thats it . The DVD commentary is equally dull . Highlights include Bono pointing HIMSELF out when the credits roll . The interviews seem like an extension of the film . The cast , director and co writer -LRB- Bono -RRB- are SOO intense . They take the film SOO seriously . Mel Gibson says of his character , a cop `` hes investigating a case and he doesnt ask any questions '' this sentence is followed by an embarrased confused look . Probably thinking to himself `` so why the hell did I agree to do the film ? '' Completely dreadful !!
 I have seen about 3,000 movies in my lifetime , but this is the absolute worst movie I have ever seen -LRB- I really am not exaggerating -RRB- . I had actually seen this movie and knew how bad it was BEFORE I bought this DVD . I honestly bought this DVD to show my friends how bad the movie was because they could n't believe my description of it . I feel sorry for Mel Gibson . I bet he wishes this movie never existed . His role in the movie was bad at best , and was still the best actor in the movie - by far . The movie is depressing , but not Schindler 's List depressing - this is absolutely uninteresting . There is no excitement , sadness , happiness , intelligence , etc. . This movie is absolutely devoid of any emotions at all . It is a story of a bunch of strange , mentally ill people who live in a depressingly old hotel . One guy jumps off of the roof and Mel Gibson tries to figure out why . If you think you will get to enjoy a good murder mystery movie - forget it , this is no intellectual who-dunnit . The only 10 seconds that even made me crack a half of a smile is the mentally ill guy who thinks he is John Lennon . I finally figured out why the guy jumped off of the roof - it was because he had to watch this movie ! If you do n't mind spending the money on this movie , you should buy it , just to say that you own a copy of the worst movie ever produced -LRB- I did -RRB- . After talking with several people the only other contender to this is a 12 hour long sci-fi movie with a cheesy title like `` my alien mother ate your head '' or something . I have never seen the sci-fi movie and do n't know the exact title , but I imagine it might be in the running as well as this one . I feel like I need a Thorazine just to get through this movie without ripping my eyes out and stabbing my brain with the remote control . You can forget a deprivation chamber or water-boarding , Guantanamo should use this movie to get some real answers .
 As a huge fan of Prince , and U2 , I usually go out of my way to be very kind when they dabble in the world of film . U2 's soundtrack to this thing is pretty good , and sometimes great . The movie , written by U2 's Bono , just may be the worst film that any musician has ever been involved with . To be worse than Prince 's Graffiti Bridge takes Ed Wood type talent , and Bono and Wim Wenders somehow manage to pull this off . I have no idea what it is supposed to be about . Some guy is mumbling to some girl , and I think they live in a Hotel , but nothing in this film is made clear . I almost want to say it is so bad that it is good , but this film goes full circle a few times
 Appearently , the classic observation that German poets muddy the waters to make them appear deep applies to film directors as well . Basicly a silly movie for those who fancy themselves sophisticated intellectuals in need of their periodic euro-film-fix . It was n't even all that good as such -- If Wenders had set it in Friedrichshain and in German rather than English it might have worked.Wenders , Gibson and the others involved have done better work in the past and hopefully will again .
 Win Wenders used to be good . Films such as Wings of desire and Paris , Texas were so beautiful that changed cinema history . But nowadays , the truth is a bit different . Wenders has no more that feeling he used to . And so he makes a films like this The Million ... I do n't know what 's more problematic , if it is the confusing and boring screenplay or the burocratic direction . Anyway , the result is sad . Nothing seems to work here . Even the soundtrack is so boring . Only two songs save -LRB- The ground beneath her feet and Falling at your feet -RRB- . Now , I think nobody is the same . Wenders un-learned how to direct and Bono forget how to sing ... By the way , it was too much for him write a song , so how could he dare to write a story for a film ? To sum up , it is sad to see how bad is the entertainment world is going ... No good films or even songs ...
 This was not funny at all , I love Gabriel but his friends are not funny ! I did n't enjoy it at all
 This particular DVD of Gabriel Iglasias was not as good as his prior DVD 's . When he does stand-up as the central comedian , he 's wonderful ... but the other guys left alot to be desired.As for Amazon ... . They 're AWESOME !
 i hate to do this to fluffy -LRB- aka Gabriel Iglesias -RRB- but this dvd showcases talent that disappoints . the only two good things off of this dvd are gabriel iglesias and his friend Martine -LRB- whom we finally get to meet - hooray ! -RRB- who emcee the event . some of the acts make reference to drug use and quite frankly i did not expect this from gabriel 's usual family-oriented material . i think that gabriel basically threw a bone to his friends by showcasing their raw talent on this dvd but unfortunately his good-hearted kindness does not work as this `` new '' talent falls short and quite frankly sort of disappoints . i hope that gabriel takes a cue to improve his recommendations and have better judgment when making a dvd for all of posterity to see.also , on the positive side -LRB- yes , there is a positive side to these performers -RRB- is that i think people would enjoy the comics on this dvd `` live '' rather than `` filmed '' on dvd . i think that for some reason these comedy acts just do not translate to video . it could be their material or their delivery style - i 'm not sure as i am not in the field . i think next time the performers should come better prepared with `` t.v. '' material rather than `` live '' or `` comedy club stage '' material.i 'm sorry again to leave such a poor rating . it really breaks my heart to do it . much love to you gabriel from a somewhat disappointed fan : -LRB-
 If you enjoy Gabriel 's specials then this is not for you . The friends are not great -LRB- i think out of the 18 friends , i sort of liked 3 -RRB- and the DVD is designed to where fluffy opens all 6 or 7 shows with 10mins of his stuff and then it 's the friends . :-LRB- I bought it at full price and I 'm just not impressed with it . Fluffy needs to make more DVDs with just him . Make more specials !!!!!
 This DVD was comes in a set of 2 DVD 's , only 1 was in the box . Never again will I order from this . False adverstisment . !!!!
 Worst movie ever made . Corey Feldman , please , please please stop making movies . Nobody wants to see your work . How can you expect anyone to buy this thing . My 10 year old nephew could make a better movie with his flip cam .
 I saw this and man was this corny beyond belief ! Eve Plumb the real Jan turned this down . Smart girl ! I love the original classic TV show though which yes can be kind of corny but not as much as that variety show !
 I wish I could give this two and a half stars because I feel like it was n't a total waste of time . I enjoy low budget horror films but to call this a masterpiece is going a bit too far I think . It kept losing my attention on and off throughout whole thing . Comparing it to the films of Dario Argento and Mario Bava is hard to swallow too . It is what it is . A low budget American horror flick that 's only good as mindless entertainment . I 'd suggest that low-budget horror fans give it a rent and make up their own minds .
 Caution , Stay away from this film.Do not believe the 4or5 star reviews.They must be on crack.Save your money.I was a fool to believe these reviews.Now im stuck with a $ 22.00 piece of crap filmmaking.Just run away from this film as fast as you can.YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!!
 Over all , I think the only truly funny moments in the movie was when Norton and Stiller were children . This movie is over two hours long , that is just a little too long for a comedy . It dragged quite a bit .
 Stiller and Norton are DEFINITELY NOT at their best . Stiller does a lot of yelling -LRB- as does everyone in the show -RRB- and Norton seems to be play acting and normally I think these guys are awesome!The story line is weak and unconvincing . There is way too much kissing/sex scenes and there is absolutely NO chemistry between Stiller and `` what 's her name '' Really bad . What 's her names character is un-believable too . Super high powered flawless business woman . And as if Norton , a priest would go drunk and loud into the synagogue to fight it out with Stiller -LRB- who is a Rabi -RRB- Stupid.There is one funny moment in this movie and that is when Stiller is out on a date with the aerobics nut and the tug-a-war that ensues afterwards . Hilarious . . But folks -- that is about it.Otherwise it pretty much stinks . 1.5 stars
 Another romantic comedy , staring Ben Stiller star of Mystery Men , Directed and co.-starring Edward Norton , and the love of both of their lives Jenna Elfman , of TV 's Dharma & Gregg . Probably one of the funniest romantic comedies , great chemistry between everyone and a generally witty screenplay . Ben Stiller is a Rabbi , Edward Norton is a priest , and Jenna Elfman is a workaholic , long time friend of both of them . Ben and Edward have not seen Jenna in over 10 years and do n't realize that she will be completely different . She is not a tough tom boy anymore , she is a grown up women . Finally they meet , and eventually they both figure out that they are in love with her , it just takes to much of the movie to find that out , and that is what is depressing . It does have a wildly funny , witty script , great chemistry , and good performances , but towards the end turns to Melodramatic , dopey and dumb . It can be funny , it can be cute , and it can be enjoyable , but some things ca n't save films , such as the fact that I believe that Jenna Elfman ends up with the wrong guy , and it is shocking to think that just that can ruin a movie , but it did , I have no interest in seeing it again because she ended up with the wrong guy . A complicated , mopey , dopey , melodramatic Jerry Springer sort of movie , , just you average love triangle film .
 Edward Norton is to be commended , perhaps , for not attempting to make * Apocalypse Now * on his first try out . Still , one ca n't help but be puzzled that he -LRB- Mr. American-History-X -RRB- would latch onto such a non-threatening , non-interesting , mainstream romantic comedy as * Keeping the Faith * for his directorial debut . The two main characters are based on real-life men
 When I hear `` priest and rabbi '' I expect to hear the joke next . Not in tnis film . Couple funny moments in the begining and boring melodrama for the rest . Why are these guys priest and rabbi but not carpenter and musician ? And such great actors like Ben Stiller and Ed Norton look just stupid and pathetic , but not funny . Maybe because of Norton 's directing . Also , heroine Jenna Elfman play is unbelievably bad , reminds me Macaulay Culkin in his worst . So save your time and money . This movie neither funny nor smart .
 This movie had so much potential . Especially with Edward Norton as the director , a great cast and an interesting and pertinant issue at hand . However , the movie turns into your normal , run of the mill romantic comedy once Jenna Elfman comes on the scene . Watch `` You 've Got Mail '' or `` Sleepless in Seattle '' for much the same effect.There 's a lot of really interesting issues that Norton neglects to explore in this film . Brian Finn , the priest , questions his calling to the priesthood and then writes it off . Elfman 's character is totally ignorant of the challenges that come with leading a religious community . Rabbi Schram 's -LRB- Stiller -RRB- relationship with Elfman is weak at best -- all they ever do is have sex . Where 's the spiritual side that he 's craving ? These are just some of the problems with the film . There are plenty more.If you 're looking for a cheezy romantic commedy , this is the movie for you . If you 're looking for someone taking issues of religious difference into the mainstream , read a book .
 This film is embarassing . I have liked everything Stiller and Norton have done individually but man this film is bad . Promoted as a comedy , there are very few funny moments other than what you see in the trailer . The rest is a confused badly paced romance that never has any tension . The fact that these guys are supposed to be clergy is laughable . There is no chemistry between Stiller and Elfman and Norton 's direction is obviously saved by editors .
 Maybe it 's just me , but , are n't rabbis and priests `` men of the cloth ? '' Never mind that it is frowned upon when rabbis date non-Jewish women , but sleep with them ??? And is a priest so faithless that all his religious training and the sacred vows he took are tossed aside when some pretty girl who floats into town flirts with him ? Well , folks , that 's what happens . Now , the girl in question is one who neither the rabbi nor the priest have seen or talked to in 15 years , since their parting as children . And when she comes into town on business they suddenly both fall head over heels for her ... solely on her looks . And Jenna Elfman is attractive , but it 's a little unbelievable that a rabbi and a priest would so shamelessly gawk at her like two boys ogling a centerfold . Are n't religious leaders supposed to embody self-restraint ? I could n't think of a single reason why either one of these supposedly very dedicated religious men would be so dreamily attracted to this high-powered businesswoman , who they really do n't know anymore , since they have n't seen her in a decade and a half . Jenna Elfman does n't give them a reason , either . She 's work-obsessed , bossy , and she has nothing in common with either of them except that they were friends in junior high school . Are they supposed to see through that to the real her ? Ben Stiller -LRB- the rabbi -RRB- and Edward Norton -LRB- the priest -RRB- claim that she 's special . But they really have n't gotten a chance to know her . They 're actually more in lust , which seems somewhat far-fetched , given their religious background . Eventually , Stiller and Elfman begin sleeping together , and claim to have fallen in love . This is hard to buy as most of their scenes together are of them having sex . In the meantime , Norton starts dreaming of Elfman , and misinteprets her flirtations as gestures of true love , at which point he 's ready to call the whole priest thing quits . And this is after he 's told Elfman how he 's at peace with his vow of chastity.Nobody would believe either male character has had an ounce of religious training . They drink , swear , take the Lord 's name in vain , and conduct religious services like stand-up comedians . The rationale for this last behavior is that it brings people to church . Obviously it 's a comedy , but the actions and faithlessness of Stiller and Norton render them completely unconvincing as spiritual leaders . The attempts to paint the religious men as still just human beings fails because they never seemed convinced themselves of their own faith to begin with . I 'm not sure what message this film is trying to send . Modern religious leaders are weak , faithless and generally prone to sinful acts ? True love grows out of flirting , erotic dreams , and pre-marital sex ? You should only go to church if it 's entertaining ? There are lines throughout the film that try to justify the `` unbelievability '' of the events that occur . This in itself seems to indicate that those who made the film knew it was too far-fetched , and had to in some way rationalize things . Of course , this only makes things worse.Eli Wallach , Anne Bancroft , and Milos Forman all add nice touches of acting clout in supporting roles . And there are a couple of funny scenes here and there . But they ca n't save this film . Two-dimensional characters and an incredulous storyline do not a good film make .
 Huge fan of both Norton and Stiller , enough so that hearing that either of them is playing the lead in any movie is enough to get me to watch it . Nevertheless , this was the worst work I know of either of them doing ... and they did it together!While the idea of two guys vying for a former childhood playmate is certainly a viable premise for a romantic comedy , I simply was n't able to swallow the idea of their being a Catholic priest and Jewish rabbi respectively . Not for a second ; and since everything that came after depended on your swallowing this , the film was painful to watch.And overlong . Just when you think it 's about time to wrap up things , you check the Display on your DVD and see that there are over 60 minutes left !
 Once again hollywood has created a film that denigrates Jews and African Americans . The film is full of stereotypes ; happy guythat love to sing and rejoice , a big bad nigger that loves to fight . Of course , we do n't really know his name because he constantly referred to as `` T-Bone . '' Let 's see what else , materialistic jews that lack spirituality and the good white christian who is real and feeling . I 'm sorry but I do not find Stepinfetchit characterizations of black people funny , no matter how minor or superfluous the roles are in the films .
 Hey , like everyone , I saw the cool trailer , the nice commercials on TV so I went to see it in the theater , and I must say that I was really disappointed , except for the first narrating scene which made me smile and a few -LRB- 3-4 -RRB- other funny moments like the Rabbi trading cards , this comedy is probably one of the dullest and most pointless movies in recent filmmaking.The plot at first seemed appealing , it talks about a Priest and a Raby who are best friends and in love of a girl they knew from school . And when she moves back to NY , they starts seeing her again ... Well , the entire movie is boring with some really endless moments of me and my friends wondering were the plot was going.My advice , do n't waist your time or money .
 This movie is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long , long , time ... I feel horrible that I wasted money renting this movie . I also thought maybe this religious comedy would have as much charm as Saved had - but , I was wrong ... Also being a Ben Stiller fan I figured that I should give this flick a shot.The story centers around three child-hood friends who grew up together in New York Jake , Brian , and their tom-boyish friend Anna . When Anna moves away Jake and Brian are left to themselves ... Jake eventually becoming a rabbi and Brian becoming a Catholic priest - both of them trying to reach their congergations with new-age techniques using bongo drums , high powered songs , and sermons with meaning -- even going to the extent of opening a inter-faith karaoke naming themselves the `` God Squad '' ... Well Anna returns to New York all grown up and beautiful work addict . With a position opening up for head rabbi at Jake 's temple he is sent on a series of horrible dates so he can marry a nice Jewish girl before long he realizes how much he cares for Anna -- only problem she 's not Jewish . And to top that off Jake realizes he cares for her as well ... All in all it sounds about as good as the plot is which is horrible ... this movie has nothing to do with faith , meaning , or purpose like `` Saved ! '' delievered and it 's not one of Ben Stiller 's more charming performances . Jenna Elfman is also no actress.If you want a smart and endearing movie about all the things you are searching for purpose , meaning , love , then buy `` Saved ! '' and forget `` Keeping the Faith . ''
 As a romantic comedy it 's standard fare . Ben Stiller does his usual array of funny facial expressions , and the female interest is very watchable . My main problem was Stiller 's character 's supreme ignorance of the arab-israeli dispute . It seemed as though he was trying to trivialise it . Coming from a supposed Rabbi - this was insensitive in the extreme . If this subject had to be brought into a harmless rom-com , then surely it could have been done with maybe a little more tact ? Not all of us see suicide bombings and the humiliation of a people as light hearted rom com material .
 I know this is supposed to be a romantic comedy , so it is not supposed to be taken too seriously , but I feel that this movie 's perspective of religion needs to be addressed ... Keeping the Faith is an insult to Catholicism and Judaism . It does not stop at making fun of the aforementioned religions and their respective traditions , but it also misrepresents their theological beliefs . The priest and rabbi give `` sermons '' that are wishy-washy and would never pass for a genuine sermon/message of the two respective faiths.WARNING - PLOT SPOILER REVEALED
 When I first heard about this movie , I could n't wait to see it . Ben Stiller and Edward Norton in Norton 's directorial debut ! I 'm soooo there ! But then I got a whiff of the promotional campaign for the film and got scared away . And then a friend heartily recommended the film so I did eventually go see it . And my verdict is ... is that it 's exactly the type of movie promised by the ad posters and trailers . It 's all fluff and it does not deal with the issue of inter-faith relationships with any depth . And I thought the last 30 minutes of the movie was never gon na end as it relentlessly maneuvered towards that pointless happy ending . But there are still many enjoyable moments such as the scene with the hilarious karaoke salesman . Ben Stiller is also an absolute hoot and he is , hands-down , the best comedic actor working in movies today . He is extremely watchable and is worth the price of admission -LRB- well , maybe on a Tuesday night -RRB- on his own . And there is enough jokes in this film to fill an excellent 90 minute movie . Too bad the film is actually 130 minutes .
 Maybe it 's just me , but , are n't rabbis and priests `` men of the cloth ? '' Never mind that it is frowned upon when rabbis date non-Jewish women , but sleep with them ??? And is a priest so faithless that all his religious training and the sacred vows he took are tossed aside when some pretty girl who floats into town flirts with him ? Well , folks , that 's what happens . Now , the girl in question is one who neither the rabbi nor the priest have seen or talked to in 15 years , since their parting as children . And when she comes into town on business they suddenly both fall head over heels for her ... solely on her looks . And Jenna Elfman is attractive , but it 's a little unbelievable that a rabbi and a priest would so shamelessly gawk at her like two boys ogling a centerfold . Are n't religious leaders supposed to embody self-restraint ? I could n't think of a single reason why either one of these supposedly very dedicated religious men would be so dreamily attracted to this high-powered businesswoman , who they really do n't know anymore , since they have n't seen her in a decade and a half . Jenna Elfman does n't give them a reason , either . She 's work-obsessed , bossy , and she has nothing in common with either of them except that they were friends in junior high school . Are they supposed to see through that to the real her ? Ben Stiller -LRB- the rabbi -RRB- and Edward Norton -LRB- the priest -RRB- claim that she 's special . But they really have n't gotten a chance to know her . They 're actually more in lust , which seems somewhat far-fetched , given their religious background . Eventually , Stiller and Elfman begin sleeping together , and claim to have fallen in love . This is hard to buy as most of their scenes together are of them having sex . In the meantime , Norton starts dreaming of Elfman , and misinteprets her flirtations as gestures of true love , at which point he 's ready to call the whole priest thing quits . And this is after he 's told Elfman how he 's at peace with his vow of chastity.Nobody would believe either male character has had an ounce of religious training . They drink , swear , take the Lord 's name in vain , and conduct religious services like stand-up comedians . The rationale for this last behavior is that it brings people to church . Obviously it 's a comedy , but the actions and faithlessness of Stiller and Norton render them completely unconvincing as spiritual leaders . The attempts to paint the religious men as still just human beings fails because they never seemed convinced themselves of their own faith to begin with . I 'm not sure what message this film is trying to send . Modern religious leaders are weak , faithless people , generally prone to sinful acts ? True love grows out of flirting , erotic dreams , and pre-marital sex ? You should only go to church if it 's entertaining ? There are lines throughout the film that try to justify the `` unbelievability '' of the events that occur . This in itself seems to indicate that those who made the film knew it was too far-fetched , and had to in some way rationalize it . Of course , this only makes things worse.Eli Wallach , Anne Bancroft , and Milos Forman all add nice touches of acting clout in supporting roles . And there are a couple of funny scenes here and there . But they ca n't save this film . Two-dimensional characters and an incredulous storyline do not a good film make .
 Maybe it 's just me , but , are n't rabbis and priests `` men of the cloth ? '' Never mind that it is frowned upon when rabbis date non-Jewish women , but sleep with them ??? And is a priest so faithless that all his religious training and the sacred vows he took are tossed aside when some pretty girl who floats into town flirts with him ? Well , folks , that 's what happens . Now , the girl in question is one who neither the rabbi nor the priest have seen or talked to in 15 years , since their parting as children . And when she comes into town on business they suddenly both fall head over heels for her ... solely on her looks . And Jenna Elfman is attractive , but it 's a little unbelievable that a rabbi and a priest would so shamelessly gawk at her like two boys ogling a centerfold . Are n't religious leaders supposed to embody self-restraint ? I could n't think of a single reason why either one of these supposedly very dedicated religious men would be so dreamily attracted to this high-powered businesswoman , who they really do n't know anymore , since they have n't seen her in a decade and a half . Jenna Elfman does n't give them a reason , either . She 's work-obsessed , bossy , and she has nothing in common with either of them except that they were friends in junior high school . Are they supposed to see through that to the real her ? Ben Stiller -LRB- the rabbi -RRB- and Edward Norton -LRB- the priest -RRB- claim that she 's special . But they really have n't gotten a chance to know her . They 're actually more in lust , which seems somewhat far-fetched , given their religious background . Eventually , Stiller and Elfman begin sleeping together , and claim to have fallen in love . This is hard to buy as most of their scenes together are of them having sex . In the meantime , Norton starts dreaming of Elfman , and misinteprets her flirtations as gestures of true love , at which point he 's ready to call the whole priest thing quits . And this is after he 's told Elfman how he 's at peace with his vow of chastity.Nobody would believe either male character has had an ounce of religious training . They drink , swear , take the Lord 's name in vain , and conduct religious services like stand-up comedians . The rationale for this last behavior is that it brings people to church . Obviously it 's a comedy , but the actions and faithlessness of Stiller and Norton render them completely unconvincing as spiritual leaders . The attempts to paint the religious men as still just human beings fails because they never seemed convinced themselves of their own faith to begin with . I 'm not sure what message this film is trying to send . Modern religious leaders are weak , faithless people , generally prone to sinful acts ? True love grows out of flirting , erotic dreams , and pre-marital sex ? You should only go to church if it 's entertaining ? There are lines throughout the film that try to justify the `` unbelievability '' of the events which occur . This in itself seems to indicate that those who made the film knew it was too far-fetched , and had to in some way rationalize it . Of course , this only makes things worse.Eli Wallach , Anne Bancroft , and Milos Forman all add nice touches of acting clout in supporting roles . And there are a couple of funny scenes here and there . But they ca n't save this film . Comedy or not , two-dimensional characters and a ridiculous storyline do not a good film make .
 Being a keen fan of Ben Stiller & Edward Norton -LRB- Elfman is very over rated -RRB- several friends and I went along to see this much hyped film that provided few genuine laughs , broken up by long periods of boring dialogue and hackneyed cliches about Catholics & Jews ... it was almost like watching that old 70 's sitcom `` Bridget loves Bernie '' . To be honest it become a tedious quest to see if I could stop from falling asleep from the poor quality script ! The plot devices used in this film are as old as the hills , the jokes you can see coming from a hundred miles away ... and Elfman is unbelievably weak compared to Stiller & Norton . Elfman is obviously trying to expand her horizons beyond her one dimensional TV character in `` Dharma & Greg '' ... but this effort by her falls flat on her face !! This cliche riddled movie just meandered on and on like a lost ship without a rudder for what seemed like an eternity !! A dissapointing romance that may possibly only be funny to older religious types that enjoy the old Barry Fitzgerald / Bing Crosby movies !
 Very low-budget program . Two actors who are used over and over again , walking , strolling , reflecting , running , sighing , staring , falling down . Repetitive scenery shots abound . Little useful information , and very few clans . Monotonous narrator . Could have been an informational delight . Instead , a static drone .
 Most people probably wo n't agree , but I found Operation COndor to be a bit lacking . Yes , there is a lot of hand-to-hand combat to the film but it leaves a lot to be desired as the action sequences -LRB- with the exception of the car chase and the last one -RRB- lack creativity and start to feel rather repetitive after we watch Chan beat up the same guys over and over and over again . As to where First Strike featured the fabulous sequence that involved Chan fighting with chairs , tables , sticks , a broom , and even a ladder -LRB- a big one , too -RRB- and Who am I ? had the great two against one martial arts fight on top of a building Operation Condor basically has Chan fighting a bunch of hired guns underneath the ground . It surprisingly lacks tension and excitement considering this is Jackie Chan we 're talking about.Chan 's attempts for Indiana Jones are a bit misplaced . Yes , there are some genuinely humorous moments , particularly in the beginning , but I found the majority of the jokes to be flat and unfunny , something that 's usually not common with Jackie Chan films.But the most damaging aspect of the movie were Chan 's three female companions , played by Carol Cheng , Eva Cobo de Garcia , and Ikeda Shoko . While Garcia was okay and mostly unannoying in her role , Cheng and Shoko really know how to get on the viewer 's nerves.Chan 's later attempts after this proved to be better -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- and he has since then made some of his best films . Condor has some punch but it never quite connects .
 Why American production make HK movies look so cheap ? First of all , they cut off so much scene , second of all ruin it by making look acting so dumb by English Dubb . For ANY of HK movies , ALWAYS stick with ORIGINAL LICENSED HK RELEASE . Be careful with cheap imports , boots though .
 Set amidst the picturesque cityscape of Australia , ` Salaam Namaste ' is the story of two displaced Indian young people -LRB- Saif Ali Khan and Preity Zinta -RRB- who meet and suddenly decide to live together . If that premise seems like I am leaving something out , rest assured that is not the case . In typical Bollywood fashion , the two leads detest each other initially only to end up together . But instead of having them do so at the end of the film , the writers chose to have them profess their love and live together after only a couple of days of having known one another . How could that possibly go wrong ? This is part of the underlying problem with the film . In trying to avoid many of the conventional Bollywood cliches , the film-makers instead set up over the top situations for the leads that lack any logic or sense . ` Salaam Namaste ' also seems to try too hard to have a little bit of everything . It is filled with slapstick comedy and romance that is quickly interrupted with deep rooted conversations about abortion and the definition of life when Preity turns up pregnant . As one can imagine , this feels very awkward and out of place considering everything that surrounds it . The movie only gets increasingly nonsensical as the story unfolds . Without giving too much away for those who might want to watch this , there are situations that develop that feel as though they were lifted right out of aThree 's Companyepisode with Jack Tripper being put in compromising situations that are then misunderstood . The finale of the film features a birthing scene that looks as though it could have been a Three Stooges short as Abhishek Bachchan plays the clueless obstetrician who apparently gets anxiety attacks while doing his job!This leads to the film 's other flaw ; there is an unusual number of comedic relief characters . Not withstanding the two-dimensional best friend characters , there are several other unfunny characters ranging from the Indian landlord who thinks he 's Crocodile Dundee to the radio station manager who giggles hysterically every time he speaks . While a certain amount of levity is standard in even the most dramatic of Bollywood films , ` Salaam Namaste ' simply goes overboard with supporting actors that overact every time they are on screen . In fact , this film is riddled with the most shallow and superficial characters of any film I have ever seen . Saif Ali Khan and Preity Zinta are also victims of the overacting bug . Despite the writers setting up long drawn out examples of how different their characters are -LRB- she 's a studious college student / radio host and he 's a carefree chef -RRB- , both leads approach their roles in the same manner . They are constantly yelling at each other while trying too hard to appear as though there is love between them . Movies like this work better when one lead plays the `` straight character '' that keeps the situations in the movie grounded in some semblance of reality . Not so here , as both leads ham it up as much as possible only to interject moments of awkward seriousness when scenes call for it.Visually , ` Salaam Namaste ' is a stunning gem . The montage sequences that set up the back-stories of each of the characters are actually funny and well constructed . The dance numbers are nothing exceptional but some are quite memorable aesthetically . Speaking of which , this film boasts quite possibly the most absurd musical sequence ever as an 8 month pregnant Preity is seen dancing and singing ! It is one of the more ridiculous moments in a film that already feels forced and subsequently further kills any type of credibility that it sorely needs . The 2-DVD set has fairly standard extras such as deleted scenes , outtakes , trailers , and a making of feature . The cast and crew obviously had a lot of fun making this film but it never quite translates well on screen . In closing , this is a very poorly constructed film that probably generated audience interest primarily because of the controversial theme of the two leads living together and becoming pregnant before marriage . For much better examples of `` boy meets girl '' Bollywood films , I would recommendHum TumandJab We Met .
 Was sweet how they chose to portray an imperfect pregnant woman , but I was disappointed in how the movie strayed from traditional values and styles I 'm used to seeing in Indian movies . If I wanted to see an American movie I 'd watch an American movie .
 You know , I simply do not even recall ever watching this bollywood flick . I ca n't tell you anything about it other than it shows in my records that I indeed purchased this Salaam Namaste DVD ~ oh goodness ... . just remembered . YES ! I had checked it out of the library abt one yr . ago and it was one of the most boring movies I ever set my eyes on , so I fell asleep . The high-pitched singing woke me up , so turned it off . The next day was gathering a bunch of DVDs I 'd checked out to return them to the local library , however noticed my cat had knocked this dvd onto the floor & it cracked . This is why I purchased this movie , as a REPLACEMENT for the library as I obligated to . No , this movie really sucked . Good choice for insomniacs however .
 I saw this during the eighties when it originally came out and thought it was terrific and scary . However , this movie does not hold up at all . It 's not just the technological advancements in special effects that makes this movie so dated , afterall movies like `` The Thing '' and `` The Exorcist '' came out before this . A scary movie is scary no matter when it came out . This movie is just silly . The president 's fear of nuclear war is treated so brazenly that it does n't hold up now that the Day After decade is over . The story is so brisk in the extreme nothing is giving time to develop . Only the ideas are presented and not explored . Quaid and Sydow are good but even they ca n't save this movie . The dialog is very stilted at parts . Christopher Plummer is just silly , not menacing . Tommy Ray is n't scary any more . The snake man looks so rubbery and stupid that I ca n't believe I was ever scared of it in the first place . They did a terrible job with it . The transformation effects are now laughable . They did n't have to be . Kate Capshaw is awful -LRB- she always was ; maybe that 's one of the reasons you do n't see her in much anymore now that she is married to Spielberg -RRB- . This is just not that strong a movie and time has not been kind to it . I thought it was great when I was 10 but it just is n't scary or fun . Awful music by Maurice Jarre . Not because it is an electronic eighties keyboard soundtrack like Jerry Goldsmith 's Runaway . No this is just bad and it sounds bad on this DVD . No themes develop and even the chase music is boring . Very weak . Similar genre movies from the eighties that hold up and you might want to check out instead
 Dreamscape has a great cast of actors and an interesting story , but the special effects are often cheesy and the production style is a little weak.In the hands of a better producer , this could have been a much better film . It looks a little cheap .
 I love this movie . It was one of the first PG-13 flicks to come out , so when I was a kid this was quite exciting . It had some action , some nudity and a snake-monster all rolled into a fun pseudo sci-fi package.Imagine my disgust and horror upon discovering that the DVD of the film had been edited for content ! Do n't believe me ? Compare it to the video or laser version . The comical sex dream scene at the beginning has been altered so that there are no breasts . There are also no children watching . This may not seem all that important to you , but I think that this silent trimming is quite insidious . The film is rated PG-13 after all , which means that parents should be cautious about showing it to younger kids . Why then must it be cut without telling us so on the package?To sum it up , I love the movie , but I hate this version . Hooray for Hollywood .
 I am disgusted that companies can market a movie as a blu ray which implies enhanced sound and picture only to provide you with an unaltered straight from DVD transfer . While the sound was on par with standard DVD audio the picture was horrible . The movie had all the little white static-like spots in every frame as if you were watching a high school reel projector movie . It was VHS quality visuals . Nothing is touched up visually from the original movie . The green screen scenes are obvious . And with barely 5 minutes of extras , most of which are still photos , this can hardly be considered a `` special edition '' of anything.Image Entertainment has made a name for themselves releasing IMAX and concert blu rays . Reviews of those discs have me scratching my head as to why they would release `` Dreamscape '' on blu ray at all when they enhance other films for the blu ray upgrade . It is apparent to me this movie came out to capitalize on the upcoming blu ray release of `` A Nightmare On Elm Street '' which shares some similar themes.Do not buy this blu ray . You can purchase the `` Special Edition '' DVD release here on amazon.com for $ 6.99 or this movie shows up in the Walmart $ 5 bin from time to time . There is no difference in the quality of the DVD and blu ray releases except for the price . Someone should prevent these companies from releasing `` fake '' blu rays at once . And amazon.com should pull this release from their site before someone else makes the same mistake I did and purchases this `` fake '' blu ray .
 The film has always been one of my favorites , but this new DVD version has edited out some of my favorite most memorable scenes!I really wish I had know this before I picked myself up a copy of this title ! I 'd have rather rented it just to see it again than own this terribly edited version of the film . Heck , you could tape it off of television and get this print of the film.I hope that some other company will release the real version of this film one day , as it stands , I really wish I could return this poor excuse for a release . I would love to complain to Image Entertainment about this release but after searchin all over the place , can not find a single email address or phone number on their site ! If anyone has any contact information for this purpose please contact me.The film in itself is one of my all-time favorites , the humor and horror , along with it 's sci-fi elements I 've always loved in this film . Back in the day when this was released along with the film Nightmare On Elm Street , the invading people 's dreams was a pretty new topic in film . Now it may have been overdone since , but this is a gem . It 's just too bad that this cut ruined one of my favorite funny scenes , and even lowered to blood content .
 i love this movie , however , for some reason , someone has decided to edit all of the romantic scenes , brief nudity , etc. from the dvd version . if that is n't bad enough , they do n't tell you that it has been altered from it 's original content . i bought this dvd thinking i was getting the original that i loved only to get a chopped up version . rotten deal !
 No movie censored for content deserves to be called a `` Special Edition '' . Recommend this as a possible rental , but not as a buy , even for the current price .
 `` Blow '' is Ted Demme 's attempt to be Martin Scorcese for a couple of hours.Demme borrows so much from Scorcese 's style in ` Goodfellas ' -LRB- the flashbacks with 50 's -60 's music on the soundtrack ; freeze frames and voice over narration -RRB- it 's as if Scorcese is in the wings shouting instructions . `` Blow '' details the story of George Jung , who , growing up watching his hard working father drowning in both a sea of debt and the constant nagging of a shrewish wife , vows never to experience poverty himself.Jung goes from peddling pot to college kids to become a full fledged drug kingpin doing business with Pablo Escobar and the Colombian cartel.Johnny Depp is a fine actor , but the screenplay does n't give him all that much to work with ... Penelope Cruz as Jung 's Colombian wife is gorgeous , but she ca n't act and when she 's emasculating Depp in one particular scene , the result is almost laughable -LRB- `` you are a Poosy ! '' -RRB- . The whole thing leaves you with an empty feeling buoyed by the realization that you 've just watched a two hour film about a guy whose chief accomplishments in life were dealing drugs and going to prison . **** The DVD package is excellent and includes some worthwhile special features including an interview with the real George Jung and a series of deleted scenes ... Depp 's more detailed scenes with Escobar , cut from the final print , were superb and if left in , would have given `` Blow '' a much needed lift .
 This film portrays large scale drug dealers as guerilla marketing experts . It 's long on make-up and period costume and short on cool dialogue or good acting . Hispanic actors portray Columbians using exaggerated accents and they appear more middle eastern than latin american . Good cameos by Ray Liotta and Pee-Wee Herman . The film is based on one convict 's memoir , and it presents an interesting point or two , but everything in this film has been covered before , in better films .
 It 's amazing to me that so many people liked this movie because I just do n't get it ... , so you know that the story is basically the rise and fall of a drug dealing fool . I found it hard to sympathize with George Jung 's predicament because he 's so completely responsible for it . Am I supposed to feel for a man who sold drugs ? It 's not like he was the man stealing bread to feed his family . Johnny Depp is a great actor , but I wonder how many of these horrible roles he 's going to take on . Even with his charm , I could not bring myself to 1 -RRB- like George as a character , or 2 -RRB- like the movie . The story was pretty standard , something I 've seen a dozen times before ... only not as good . All you have to do nowadays is have a thin story , a nice soundtrack with old songs to reminisce by , and to set the time period , and a couple of montages , and your done . Oh , I hear Cream , then it must be the 60s ! Wait , is that Wham ? Must be the 80 's ! I suggest `` Goodfellas '' if you want to see a good movie on the criminal lifestyle . Blow is a retread of better movies ... though some might call that an homage . Yea , right , an homage ... that 's what Blow wanted to be . -LRB- I 'm being sarcastic -RRB- Better just pass this one by , unless your a uber Johnny Depp fan . And even then , he 's made better movies than this ... go get those instead .
 Based on the book
 This film seemed to drag out for hours and hours . When you find the occasional high point in this film , where you can be mildly entertianed , it ends to quickly and you are thrust back into the world of monotany that makes up 90 percent of this film . Johnny Depps acting was good , and his portrayal of the character was good , but this movie just seemed to never go anywhere . Never exciting , never thrilling , you feel like youre just watching hours worth of random consecutive events of some man 's life . The ending of the movie is heartbreaking , and the message that his father give him becomes cruelly ironic all throughout the film , but i cant give credit to the filmakers for either of those thigns because they were real facts , not anything the directors thought up . Overall , just plain BLAND
 I love gangster movies like Scarface and The Godfather , and Johnny Deep is clearly one of our best actors , so this movie looked like a winner . Boy was I wrong . Badly written , badly directed , and completely misguided . Nothing happens in this movie except an unappealing scumbag drug dealer gets arrested over and over . Why should we care ? How this man 's story ever got told is a mystery to me . It 's like Hollywood wanted to make a eulogy to their favorite drug dealer . We even get a loving picture of the real man at the end . Sigh . Really , I was n't offended by this film , I just found it incredibly BORING . ... leave this dog on the shelf .
 Blow is a long , boring true life-based tale of a drug dealer 's life . Blow is a classic story
 Slow moving plot , unecessary vulgarity and poor performances by the cast made this movie a waste of time and money .
 A good film to watch when you think your life is messed up .
 I really liked this movie ! They picked the perfect character for Pee Wee Herman to play . I thought the movie was really good except for the constant whinning of his mother ! What about me ???? What about me ??? I ' t get 's really old after awhile listening to her complain ! Otherwise I thought it was a great movie ! Johnny Depp was real convincing as a drug dealer . My suggestion by this movie !
 This is a story of a `` good boy '' turned into a big drug dealer , including all the usual elements - the way up , the pretty wife , the cars , the riches , the betrayal of a good friend and then all the way down . Sounds familiar ? Yes , you have seen it in `` Scar face '' and other movies of the same kind , only there the story was more interesting ; Cruel maybe , but with some reasoning - you could understand the motives behind the actions of the heroes -LRB- be it to advance , to prove their power , to control -RRB- and you got immersed in the logic of the drug world . This movie on the other hand is neither convincing in its logic or characters nor presented in an interesting manner . Contrary to what we expect the movie is also non violent and this fact -LRB- which in other cases could have been appreciated by me -RRB- makes it not credible , or rather covering up the truth more then disclosing as we know the events have truly happened.George , the ` good boy '' , played by Johnny Depp is presented as some kind of tragic hero . Someone who got involved in `` bad things '' but really just wanted to live in peace and quiet with his family ... The only explanation we get for his turn to crime was that his mom always used to nag his dad for money ... Everything his dad earned was not enough . George then promised himself that he will always have money.George gets into the drug business as if by mistake , just to earn some quick money for him and his friends -LRB- `` these were great days '' ... he says with nostalgia -RRB- . He was the mind behind the group of good kids and devises techniques of drug delivery while using his girlfriend Barbara as a carrier . The drugs are sold to other `` good kids '' from universities and colleges and the techniques of drug delivery grows more sophisticated as there is rise in demand . We never get to see the `` end customers '' or the final sale process which I assume could have been interesting to watch . Barbara dies from cancer -LRB- `` I really loved her '' -RRB- and George starts making big money by joining with the Boss , the famous Escobar , a symbol of the drug world and its corruption . However , not in this movie ... The drug world presented here is clean of violence . The Colombian farmers are nave and nice and even the scene with Escobar is quite mellow , besides maybe one shot . In George 's jail periods we learn about the qualities of cocaine -LRB- good cocaine melts only in 86 degrees -RRB- but these facts seem to be the only gain from this movie.I have just seen Johnny Depp as a charming Pirate in the new film `` Pirates of the Caribbean '' where he just shines through - here however , except for his beauty there are no signs of the famous Depp magic . Here his beauty is not enough to save his role from total shallowness . His gestures and facial expressions are void of any true feelings.Penelope Cruz who plays the beautiful wife is one of my favorite actresses . However , I have to admit that even she does a lousy job here . Maybe it 's not her fault as her role is of the spoiled rich wife who does nothing but be pretty and smoke drugs - however , her part is a pale replica of the part Michelle Pfeiffer does in scar face and she does not manage to look convincing , nor is it clear what besides her looks , drew George to her . Penelope Cruz hardly appears in the movie and I did not appreciate the fact that her picture is the one appearing on the cover of this movie . Ray Liota and Rachel Griffiths play George 's parents , and although Ray Liota is convincing as the father , the mother seems the same age as her son and she does not seem to bring anything to this role.I must confess that in several parts this movie seems like an `` ordered movie '' to clean the name of George Jung or at least present him in a human light as the movie is so one sided and unconvincing . In the end we see George in prison , waiting and hoping that his daughter would come to visit ... the movie is filled with manipulations such as this one who are meant to make you feel sorry for this man .
 Uninvolving and trite . Johnny Depp is a truly gifted actor , and it is sad that he was pulled into this fiasco of a movie . The major and glaring flaw that I saw in this film was that we were never able to empathize with the main characters ... any of them . They all pretty much got what they deserved from beginning to end , and you were actually glad to see the main character losing everything . Scarface , Chopper , Silence of the Lambs , The Godfather ... these are all films that had nasty protagonists that you could feel something for . I kept finding myself watching the timer on my DVD player ... counting down the minutes until Blow would go away . Thankfully , it did .
 Putting it quite simply , Blow blew . While I greatly admire Johnny Depp , and think he has amazing talent as an actor , not even he , nor any of the other talented supporting cast members , could save this piece of garbage . The movie plods along slowly , without any real purpose . Sure , there are some fun scenes along the way , but the movie does n't seem to have a real point . I 'm not going to tell anyone not to watch it ; everyone should form their own opinions . But I 'd definitely suggest renting it before splurging on a DVD .
 I am a deaf person and I count on the Closed Captioning and subtitles to be able to enjoy a movie.Even though Blow is listed as being Closed Captioned , this copy is not.A waste of my time and money .
 As George Jung , Johnny Depp dons long blonde hair , a Boston accent and dark glasses . He portrays a man , who fearing poverty as a boy , makes all the wrong choices in obtaining wealth - first as a marijuana importer and finally as the kingpin in the rise of the cocaine empire . Because he is a decent sort of fellow , not a monster , he is ousted by his Latin American contacts and winds up three times in prison , where he remains today , serving a sixty year sentence , until his planned release in 2015 . It is n't until 42 minutes into the two hour film that cocaine even enters the picture -LRB- suggested by his cell mate during his first stay in prison , once he learns of George 's marijuana empire -RRB- . Jordi Molla as the cell mate , Diego , delivers the best performance in the film . He is riveting in all of his guises as friend , confidante , opportunity provider , and ultimate betrayer . Equally good in support are Rachel Griffiths as George 's loud mouthed , bitter mother and Ray Liotta as his long loving and long suffering father - a poignant betrayal.Unfortunately , the film has little value other than providing a history lesson in the rise of cocaine as an underworld marketing empire . TRAFFIC is an interesting companion film to see . Depp is most affecting in his last scenes , now sporting a paunch and dirty long hair , delusionally expecting his daughter 's visit , an event which never occurs.The problem with the film in my opinion is that it lacks tension - it is too matter of fact . We never see George 's ambition - he is always too calm about everything that happens to him , good and bad . We care about him but we do n't engage with his character . It is a marketing lie to show Penelope Cruz as his co-star . She does n't appear in the film until the second half and then only in a few scenes as his second wife , a foul-mouthed five letter word.To sum up , it 's a valuable history lesson but not great film .
 Do n't get trapped ! This movie is way over rated here at Amazon ! Thank God I did n't buy this movie!Everything was terrible :1 . Boring story . Yes it is a true story but it does n't deserve to be written in the first place ! Why did they make a movie of it ? 2 . You 'll never sympathize or get attached to any character ! -LRB- lack of emotions -RRB- .3 . Weak dialogue ! 4 . Zero suspense and surprises!The bottom line is do n't fall into this trap ! It is boring , boring , boring ! Even the -LRB- Infinifilm Edition -RRB- DVD is not worth it !
 This movie is the worst of it 's type to date . More a series of classic rock music videos strung together than anything else , It never pulls you into the world it is trying to create . Donnie Brasco , Goodfellas , even Godfather III . Make this a film I think Johnny Depp should probably try and buy all copies and burn . Get the soundtrack instead . Long and boring non-involving , bad acting and bad wigs make this truly unwatchable .
 This movie drags . The plot moves slowly . It is typical of movies with an inverted hero , the treatment of the subject is neither innovative nor exciting.The high point is seeing Pee-Wee Herman , Bobcat Goldthwait , and that 21 Jump Street guy doing a hit of coke , all together , off a bar while girls in bikinis play in the pool.Depp struggles with an amusing , forced , and marginal Boston accent . He seems to have copped it by watching Good Will Hunting about six times . He should have watched it six or eight more times.But , yeah , that triumverate of acting talent doing a line , that 's about the high point . The soundtrack is great , and the audio is well produced . But it 's not an entertaining movie , or even a well-told story .
 Oh Lordy , where does one start ? I believe that first of all every movie should be taken at its face value . Whatever the makers of BLOW may claim , their final product is a smoothed-over attempt to create sympathy for one of the most evil men to ever inhabit the USA . This is not surprising since it is undeniable that many of the people involved in making this movie were themselves avid customers of the odious Mr. Jung.Purported to be a biography of George Jung , major cocaine dealer and purveyor of horror and death to thousands of people , the final result is simply a thinly disguised attempt to make people feel sorry for this hideous sub-human creature . If creating a sympathetic public perception of the evil Mr. Jung was not a purpose of this movie , then why were all the details about his philandering , perversions and abuse ignored ? Read Jung 's biography and you will see just how far the moviemakers had to hide the truth to create their propaganda piece for Jung.With the most contorted `` logic '' imaginable -LRB- and a very strong helping of pop-psychology and the usual excuses for all sorts of criminal activities -RRB- George 's life of crime is somehow all the fault of his mother ! Why some in Hollywood love to shift personal responsibilty for criminal actions on others says an awful lot about the movie-makers themselves . Millions of people the world over have childhoods far worse than Mr. Jung and the vast majority somehow find honest means to achieve personal success . Why should Jung get a pass because because his mother was mean to him sometimes ? Whose mother was n't ? Misogyny is ascendant here.Why should we feel sorry for Jung because his daughter refuses to visit him in prison ? Did the director think that there would be a flood of public sympathy for Jung , forcing his daughter to communicate with him ? Who knows ? But if your father had deserted you through much of your childhood because he was psychotically compulsed to import and sell poison to America 's youth I think that many of you would want little or nothing to do with the guy as well.Some think that Jung has only gotten what he deserved . I believe that should he be executed by slow torture a hundred times he would not have made even a down-payment for what he has done.This movie demonstrates very glaringly the extent of the acceptance of insane criminal conduct amongst the Hollyood elitists .
 `` True '' story of a drug dealer named George Jung . `` George WHO ? '' you 're asking . Well , whatever . Somebody cared enough to make a movie of the dude 's life . I am sorry to say that I have seen this movie about a million times already . * Blow * is a 2-hour cliche
 I just recieved my DVD and the whole thing is scratched and slowed down ... what a waste !
 Johnny Depp plays George Jung , a drug dealer who became responsible for a big part of the cocaine traffic in the US . This picture tells his life ` s story , presenting the processes and changes he went through , living wild and risky experiences which did n`t seem to have a big purpose.Similar material has been shown in a more original , interesting way in some Martin Scorece ` s movies , and director Ted Demme eveen creates a couple of scenes that bring the master to mind . However , `` Blow '' lacks a point , it ` s never that engaging and does n`t have great moments or sequences to deliver , becoming tiresome and too long.Also , it ` s a movie that relies more in style -LRB- camera angles , soundtrack , clothes -RRB- than in substance , never developing its characters beyond two-dimensional figures that do n`t make us care about their fate . Even Pen&eacute;lope Cruz , who plays Jung ` s wife , does n`t have much to do here apart from talking loud and looking sexy . The results are just average , offering a shade of what it could have been if handled properly . As it is , `` Blow '' is just a little sketch and not a big explosion as its title suggests .
 Johnny Depp gives an interesting performance as George Jung in `` Blow , '' but I did n't like this film , nor did I understand its points . Was I supposed to care for Jung ? His actions brought about the deaths of thousands and ushered in the current state of drugs in America . He lived in decadence by helping others ruin their lives . He lost his money , and he kept making mistakes , getting involved with drug trade when he should 've gotten out of it.The film seems , to me , to want you to sympathize with Jung , yet , as a viewer , you can not . He is not a hero.When he loses his daughter in the end , it 's not sad . It 's fitting.Ted Demme , who died one year after directing this , created an interesting film , but it 's one that seems to make a hero out of a man who does n't fit the mold .
 A good old boy with high hopes of getting into a life of crime rises to the top and lives the good life before experiencing marital problems , doing some jail time , and eventually becoming a paranoid cocaine addict as the walls of his decadent lifestyle come tumbling down around him . Anyone familiar with Scorsese 's GoodFellas will recognize the similarities and do themselves a favor by watching it again instead of this copycat . Blow is a fair enough film for those who are n't too choosy about what they watch -- it seems unfortunate , though , to waste time watching it when you could instead be seeing the highly superior films that it borrows from -LRB- GoodFellas , Boogie Nights -RRB- .
 While the acting , directing , and general storytelling was solid , I thought the movie was little more than a heavy-handed morality play disguised as a self-indulgant biographical expos&Eacute; . Truth is , I just did n't find the characters interesting or sympathetic and the ending made me groan . They probably got funding from the US government to present the anti-drug moral lesson .
 This is one of the worst movie that I ever seen . The story is boring , does n't make sense.Casts were ok , cheap production .
 I bought this the other day on a whim at a garage sale.First off , a technical matter
 Coming as it does so hot on the heels of the brilliant , multi-leveled `` Traffic , '' `` Blow '' emerges as a superficial , shallow and second-rate survey of the drug-dealing world . Spanning close to five decades , the film chronicles the true-life account of one George Jung , a hotshot cocaine trafficker from the 1970 's who is currently serving a 60-year prison sentence for his crimes.Very little about this film feels original or authentic , as it travels a dramatic arc that seems totally predictable for films of this genre -LRB- `` Traffic , '' by the way , did NOT follow this path -RRB- . We start with George 's unhappy home life growing up in Massachusetts in the 1960 's , then it 's onto his introduction to drug selling on the beaches of California , his trips to Colombia for meetings with the famous drug cartel leader , Pablo Escobar , his seemingly endless arrests , imprisonments and releases from prison and finally , of course , his too-late realization that the only thing of any value in his life is his little daughter whose life he is managing to screw up in a royal way.The early days of his `` career '' - when he is just a young punk making his connections and getting his feet wet in the `` glamorous '' world of the burgeoning late-60 's drug culture - are dramatized on screen with tedious predictability . Even the youthful looking Johnny Depp may be getting a bit long-in-the-tooth to be portraying a late teen , early twenty-something beach bum . The film picks up a little dramatic energy when George is introduced to Escobar , but this aspect of the film is dropped almost immediately in order to concentrate on the tiresome interpersonal backstabbing between George and a number of his drug-running cronies . I realize that this is supposed to be based on a true story , but it is still a shame when the movie ends up having to downplay and eventually even jettison the one subplot that carries with it at least some dramatic validity . Equally uninteresting is George 's relationship with his wife , Mirtha -LRB- Penelope Cruz -RRB- , a stereotypical cocaine-snorting , Latina sexpot , more concerned with her drug supply than with her husband and daughter . The filmmakers even try to draw some heavy-handed parallels between George 's family -LRB- weak but loving father , emasculating , self-centered mother -RRB- and the family he has formed with his own wife and daughter.The biggest failure of the film comes in its clunky attempts to make George into some kind of admirable , sympathetic figure . Fully the last half hour of the film is spent showing us just what an `` innocent victim of circumstance '' George turns out to be . Even when he is trying his damnedest to go straight , the vagaries of fate keep conspiring against him to draw him back into the world of crime and prison . We are supposed to feel sorry for him because he ca n't seem to get his life together well enough to be able to raise the daughter he so obviously loves . Yet , when he is finally given the chance to prove his love to her by supporting her and her mother financially , what does he end up doing but arranging for yet another -LRB- and in this case abortive -RRB- drug deal . It is one thing to provide us with an emotionally complex , morally ambiguous character . It is quite another to expect us to feel pity for a man whose modus operandi is that of sheer stupidity . All our empathy for the character ends up flying out the window and all we can do basically is to feel that the character got what was coming to him.As George , Johnny Depp seems to be sleepwalking through the part , although it may not be entirely his fault . Writers Bruce Porter and David McKenna and director Ted Demme never establish that feeling of explosive dramatic intensity so crucial to a film of this nature . In fact , for a film dealing with the dangerous world of drug trafficking , `` Blow '' seems to just sit there lackadaisically on the screen for most of its duration , devoid of energy , tension and drama . Needless to say , `` Blow '' ai n't no `` Traffic . ''
 I did not receive this product at all , I tracked its progress and it said it was sent to me , but I never did receive , I attempted to contact Amazon about this order and there was no reply . I was very dissatisfied and felt like someone stole my money .
 The first two films were wonderful fun , and worth repeat viewing . I only managed to sit in the theater until the end of this one by mustering great fortitude . Compared to the first two episodes , `` Los Angeles '' is lamentably lame . Skip it .
 The third installment of Crocodile Dundee starring a subdued Paul Hogan takes place this time in Los Angeles , where he somehow finds an plot do steal some paintings . The ever lovable guy from ` downunder ' , is less lovable and more pathetic looking this go around . I know he 's getting older , but did this second sequal really need to be made ? The script and plot are something not even a t.v. movie of the week would show . Like the old saying , '' Do n't fix it if it aint broken '' . Well it 's broken , but please Hollywood , do n't try and fix it !
 -LSB- SPOILERS -RSB- I loved Crocodile Dundees I & II . The premise was unique , interesting , the action riveting . It 's an old premise really , a character out of its element . But Paul Hogan handled it all with aplomb and a simple charm that made the character enjoyable.Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles tried to recapture the zeitgeist of the previous two episodes , but , hey , everyone is 15 years older from the original Dundee and that aging is very pronounced . I had to make my way to -LSB- ... -RSB- to see if Gerry Skilton was still playing Nugget , because it did n't seem like him . I also noticed that Walter -LRB- John Meillon -RRB- was conspicuously absent , and I found out it was because Meillon passed away in 1989 . More 's the pity ... but I do n't think Walter could have saved this movie.See , this was really sort of a rehash of Dundee coming to America , only this time he brings Sue -LRB- Linda Kozlowski -RRB- , his common-law wife , Mikey -LRB- Serge Cockburn -RRB- , his son , and Jacko -LRB- Alec Wilson -RRB- , a friend and `` nanny '' for Mikey . There is some humor in Mick driving Jacko around LA and teaching him the `` way '' of all things American . It 's not a forced humor , either , but it still seems somewhat contrived , as if Mick never really `` got '' the USA in the time that he had lived here before . Even so , that was n't the weakest part of the movie.I 'd have to say that the conflict was the weakest part . It 's where Mick stumbled across an art theft ring in a movie studio and he defeated the bad guys by leading them on a merry chase through several movie sets . When it was over , I was thinking that he might go back to Australia with the bad guys right behind him to try and track him in the bush.Instead , that was the end of the movie.It lacked the down-under Rambo flavor that the second movie possessed , and it lacked the true fish out of water aspect of the first . Today , in 2009 , with the characters being another 8 years older , I only hope Paul Hogan does n't attempt a Crocodile Dundee IV .
 Do n't rent it , do n't watch it , do n't borrow it from the library , and most of all do n't buy it . I ca n't think of any reason why this movie was made . Hopefully someone was able to make a mortgage payment , but that is the only upside I can hope for.I loved the original Croc Dundee . I thought it was witty , and warm , and a lot of fun . I thought the 2 leads had amazing chemistry . They have NO chemistry is this movie . NONE . They were barely in any scenes together , which is a shame . It 's almost as if they are in two separate movies that intersect every now and then.THe story is so contrived - she has to help her Father out - they come to LA -LRB- no - I ca n't beleive they live in Walkabout Creek full time -RRB- , she gets enmeshed in a story , Mick yet again saves her by getting to the route of the problem , blah , blah , blah . What happened to the strong female character from the first movie ? What happened to laughs ? I saw nothing cute , charming , or other in this movie .
 I received this thinking it would be this film but it was an outline of events . Now the sender sent it to me on time . thank you . Although this is some weird documentary and not what I expected it to be .
 Kevin Macdonald wrote an intelligent and tender biography of his grandfather , Emeric Pressburger , one of the finest and most under-rated filmmakers of all time . It 's therefore something of a mystery to me how he could have made such a stupid film.Macdonald spoke of his intention to make a `` documentary thriller '' . This film about the 1972 Olympics hostage crisis certainly fulfils my idea of what thrillers are like , namely flashy , two-dimensional , morally childish and intellectually thin . It has clearly identifiable heroes -LRB- the Israeli hostages and their families -RRB- , villains -LRB- the Palestinian terrorists -RRB- and comic relief -LRB- the German government and police -RRB- . It has lots of flashy fast cutting , sumptuous slo-mo shots of leaping athletic bodies and a pounding rock soundtrack.Unfortunately that 's not enough . Macdonald focuses completely on the events themselves , padding out the film with reels of TV news footage , which is pretty useless as the newscasters frequently had no idea what was going on . -LRB- Then again , one rescue attempt was abandoned when it turned out , ludicrously , that the Palestinians could watch a police rescue squad move into position , because it was being broadcast live on the TVs in their room . -RRB- He also focuses on only one hostage , the fencing coach Andre Spitzer , as if telling us about all the rest would spread our sympathy too thin . This makes Spitzer - who seems to have been a perfectly ordinary , friendly , intelligent man - into the saint he never would have wanted to be . -LRB- Not because of Spitzer 's family but because of Macdonald 's use of crackly home movies for Instant Nostalgia . -RRB- So many questions crop up which the film fails to tackle . What was the Palestinian cause ? I know what it is , but no thanks to this film . Why exactly did the terrorists go on this mission ? We are never told . They are depicted mainly as shadowy , almost nameless , with no history apart from a criminally brief bit of anecdote from the one surviving Palestinian . They might as well have been burglars for all we are told.We are left in no doubt that the Germans made every possible mistake in the way they handled the situation - they did n't have a properly trained anti-terrorist squad , they failed to coordinate their rescue attempt on every level , the rescue squad on the plane even abandoned the mission seconds after the helicopters with the hostages had landed on the airstrip . But why was this so ? Why were they so disorganised?If you 're going to make a film about political terrorism you should be explaining things a bit , not just telling a wham-bang story with a weepy ending . This film trivialises everybody involved - from the Germans who made a mess of it , through the Palestinians who committed murder for reasons we are never told , to the innocent Israelis who died . It 's rubbish . I sat through it to the end , grinding my teeth . I 'm just glad that intelligent documentaries are still being made ; I hope nobody else follows Macdonald 's lead , or non-fiction films will start to get as stupid as blockbusters .
 It 's difficult to believe that this film won the Academy Award for best documentary a few years ago , but it only goes to prove what has long been suspected
 Many of the more positive reviews seem to have been written by Israelis . Unfortunately many of the qualities they found in this film will be completely missing in other people 's experience.The average viewer who watches this film to either understand the incident or to gain some insight into the Isreali/Palastinian conflict will be disappointed . So will those seeking the vicarious thrill of watching a real life action-drama unfold.Much of the film attempted to appeal to the emotions of the audience dwelling on the personal tragedy of one hostage 's family and to a lesser extent that of another . That did little to give purpose or coherence to the film . There was considerable padding with footage of the Olympics , in case you have no idea what goes on there , footage of policemen , people lounging , and what felt like 20 minutes of terrorists staring out of windows and doorways . It could easily be pared down to an hour and serve as midweek PBS fodder . The early 70 's rock music in the soundtrack , chosen perhaps to lend period mood , was cheesey and extremely annoying.One positive comment I have is the movie explained some of the mystery behind the very bad performance of the German authorities . The greatest problem was lack of control -LRB- TV crews had free access allowing the live broadcast of an attempted police ambush which the terrorists were able to watch on TV -RRB- and lack of communication , both attributable to lack of training and appropriate organizational structure . The Germans at that time had no counterterrorist police units and their laws prevented military intervention . The police snipers had no radios , body armor or even proper sniper rifles . One policeman was accidentally killed and another officer accidentally wounded .
 I think that would have been a more fitting title . Motivations and facts about why the Palestinian group did what they did , why the `` ruthlessly efficient Germans '' were so imcompetent in handling the situation are put aside in place of MTV style cinematography , period rock songs a la Led Zepellin et al , and more sentimental moments from the Israeli point of view than any Dick Edburg OLympic Moment could muster . Only at the end do the so-called terrorists VERY briefly explain why they did what they did , but this important scene is downgraded with a cheesy fade out and slow motion view of the surviving person in order to perceive him as pure evil ; this is similar to the sensationalist camera tricks used on the `` bad guys '' on shows like COPS . This is a very one-sided documentary made for the ignorant hip-hop generation simplistically displaying the Palestinians as ruthless terroroists without a cause and the Israelis as nothing more than victims . No wonder it won an Academy Award !
 The video box says they crash in Alaska , but in the movie they say they are crashing near Tumbler Ridge , which is in British Columbia . They say it is North-North-East of Edmonton , but it is North-North-West . This movie is so full of holes !! The plane comes to a rest half off a cliff , but no other scene shows the cliff . They drive from B.C. to Niagara Falls for the -LRB- quite awesome -RRB- bridge scene , in a few hours . A guy falls several hundred feet during an avalanche , while moments before he was in a wooded valley . The snow comes and goes . People arrive out of nowhere . The bear eats two humans in as many days . The movie box also says it is a chemical weapon , but it is a mind controlled weapon , with what seems to be electro-magnetic parts . The only chemical is there to destroy the machine . This movie is a good one to watch to see how many holes you can find ! It does n't take much to find them . Treat must be nearing the end of his career .
 What a boring , ridiculous movie . For a film that supposedly starred Treat Williams , he was barely in the movie . Everything about the plot was highly improbable from the plane crash to the weather . The actresses in the movie continued to have perfect makeup and hairdos considering they had survived a plane crash and several days without running water or hair blow dryers . I do n't have a clue how the movie turned out as I had to turn it off as my brain was rapidly turning to mush . I hope somebody buys my copy so I can get it out of the house .
 This movie literally borrows scenes from many action movie . It is full of plot holes ... The story is OK . The DVD has OK amount of features . Rent this pathetic movie first -LRB- unless you like Treat Williams or B grade action movies ! -RRB- . I would go into details about the many plot holes but that would ruin it for other readers/viewers . Just be sure you rent this movie first before you buy it !
 Remember everyone in an uproar over Vanilla Ice and the song by Queen ? You 'll understand in a moment . I was given this dvd by a relative . Not having seen Cliffhanger , I did not notice anything other that what looked like a cheezy plot about an almost magical thought weapon that miraculously shields the weilder , of course , and a tired old man trying to get some from an tired old woman . Most of the acting gave a high-school-drama-class-impression , and I do n't mean the kids who got an A in the class . When they got to the scenes with the semi , though , it just got retarded . The Long Kiss Goodnight is one of my all time favorite movies , and I started getting really mad . I mean , at the beginning of the DVD , they force you to watch this stupid Federal warning about copyright infringement punishments , then show this ? Did n't Queen sue Vanilla Ice , and that was just a backbeat . I WARN in the strongest possible words for potential buyers of this DVD to not waste their money . Pirated material rates no stars . All buying this DVD will do is promote what was an illegal , and just plain stupid act . I turned my copy into a frisby at the landfill .
 This movie steals scences from the movie cliffhanger -LRB- yes their scences -RRB- This is a watch before you buy movie . this movie is just not original . sorry , but this movie is copyright crook .
 From the start this movie had all the making of a real bomb . The JetStar and DC-9 aircraft scenes were totally bogus . Treat Williams is a pilot , he should have know the flying scenes were bogus . Grizzly bears hibernate in winter . When it is 20 below zero water freezes , but it was n't frozen in these scenes . Should have been a comdy .
 This is probabaly one of the worst movies I 've ever seen , although it was good for a laugh - some of the lines are too funny - too bad it 's suppose to be a drama . Anyway , if your in to terrible acting , snow making machines , bad writing and bad editing then this is for you . It was so bad it was funny .
 I think the movie editors forgot to go over the film after shooting . The movie contains numerous technical errors and cliche dialogue that you find in most action movies . However , the movie is so bad , it 's funny ! Treat Williams hardly shows any emotion playing his U.S. agent character . Some of the explosion scenes in the movie , especially one at the end , are pretty cool . Oh , and do n't bother reading the storyline summary on the back of the video box because most of it is incorrect !
 Do n't waste your time . Every 7 minutes , your intelligence is insulted .
 It is unbelievable that in this movie shots are taken from other movie and paste . The plane hijack and crash sequence is take from cliffhanger it is so clear , In between movie shots are taken from various movies . Length of this movie is @ 1hr & 32min . till up to 1hr 23min there nothing is happening but suddenly there is climax now again this is taking from gena Davis movie . I like to ask director & producer do you think people are full they will not come to know by using outher movie shots.Don ' t even think of watching this move .
 Nicole Kidman is a good actress . I actually liked her before I saw this movie . Depressing story , depressing scenery , unlikable characters . Enough said .
 This is one of the single worst movies I 've ever seen . I 'm actually appalled that reviewers and audiences alike have raved about it . Nicole Kidman is not a good actress , never has been and never will be , but it 's amazing what being married to Tom Cruise will do for your career . Douglas and Phoenix turn in solid supporting roles , but nowhere near enough to save this move from the butchering it receives at the hands of Kidman , Dillon , and Van Sant . I was actually very disappointed by this film -- I did n't expect much from Kidman or Dillon -LRB- his acting skills are only slightly better than hers -RRB- , but Gus Van Sant is usually excellent . He dropped the ball here , though . The script is terrible and Kidman is not credible at all . She is NOT cold and calculating , she merely speaks her lines without any emotion or inflection whatsoever . This is not cold -- this is method acting at its worst . Cold implies ruthlessness and is noticeable on screen , whereas poor acting ability requires nothing and is similarly noticeable . I gave this movie one star simply because there were no ratings of 0 or , more accurately , negative numbers . Do yourself a favor and stay a long way away from this bomb .
 I 've seen it on VHS , I 'd heard that it was rated highly , ca n't think of anything good to say about it . I did n't like ANY of the characters , maybe they all needed to be knocked off , not just Nicole Kidman 's news woman . Thoroughly unpleasant movie , Nicole Kidman is better in The Peacemaker with George Clooney , Joaquin Phoenix is better in Gladiator , save your money do n't get this one .
 As a big fan of Nicole , I was pretty disgusted with this movie . It was so corny in dialogue and content I had a hard time staying interested , but did because it was so bad , I had to see what happened . And that affair with her student was so dusgusting ! The ending was hardly entertaining , and I wanted my $ back at the theatre , which I got !
 but definately not the best or even above average . why does kidman have to inhale rapidly like that after she finishes a sentence -LRB- referring her private video segments -RRB- ? is n't she a trained actress that has learned breath control ? i understand she wanted to protray a psycho-ditz , but ... anyway , i watched it to the end , i guess mostly because it was based on a true story .
 Nicole Kidman -LRB- Suzanne Stone -RRB- is a TV director wanna-be that will stop at nothing to get there . Somehow she marries a small-town restaurant manager-to-be -LRB- for his dad -RRB- who is more interested in having a family . Pregnancy would ruin/delay her future . So she cons three half-wit teenagers into an overly-complicated plot to kill off her husband , then refuses to pay them off or continue her relationship with two of them that had motivated their participation in the first place.Ergo , the plot is dumb , the acting is n't much better .
 This film really misses its mark . Billed as a black comedy , it fails to deliver any satirical bite whatsoever . Suzanne Stone 's frequent video segments where she speaks directly to the camera and the flashforwards to some sort of Jerry Springer-like show are painful to watch . Yeah , Nicole Kidman is extremely sexy -LRB- duh -RRB- , but it 's not nearly enough to overcome her marginal acting , the clumsy dialog and the amateurish direction.See this movie for all the humor of `` Dying Young '' coupled with the social commentary of a SpongeBob episode .
 This is apropos of the DVD version . This movie is pan and scan , despite what the description says and what it says on the back of the box . It is 1.33:1 format and even says at the beginning of the film
 This new edition of TO DIE FOR is n't what you think . . Sony and Image are not telling the truth about the aspect ratio . It is NOT 1.85:1 . It is , in fact , the 1.33:1 version . They used the wrong side of the previous 2-sided disc . Do n't believe the info written about the aspect ratio of the current edition .
 To Die For , 1995 filmThe story begins in winter , snow is on the ground . A blonde weather girl is front page news . What did Suzanne do ? Suzanne talks as if introducing strangers . Others are interviewed , like some news show after a tragedy . -LSB- These interviews seem embarrassing , do n't they ? Do they seem real ? -RSB- Does the interest of these people in show business seem phony ? That gossip seems fake to me . Is TV news just part of show business ? The story shows Suzanne 's entry into television . She talks to a high school class . Some students volunteer for extra-curricular activities . The story moves on with many events that provide a background to this drama . -LSB- Note the differences in their backgrounds . This is a warning to anyone who would judge a person on looks alone . -RSB- Suzanne has an affair with a male student , asking him to do something so they can be together . He agrees , and makes a purchase . While Suzanne gives the weather forecast her husband runs into bad luck at home . -LSB- No burglar alarm ? -RSB- When the body is discovered the police start their investigation . Suzanne takes her dog to the funeral . -LSB- Believable ? -RSB- Those students learn of their changed circumstances . The police investigation continues to gather clues . A metal revolver can be located with technical devices . The usual ruses gets the suspect Jimmy to talk . Lydia talks to Suzanne in the mall . `` I thought we were friends . '' Police entrapment ? She blames Jimmy and Russell of being drug dealers ! -LSB- Would n't a lawyer tell her not to talk about the case ? -RSB- Will Suzanne meet a friendly stranger ? Yes.What chance of success did Suzanne have in show business ? She did not come from a wealthy family who could pull strings for her . She had no regular college degree or a lot of experience in TV , or talent in acting . I do n't think she would ever be a success in big-city TV . Notice the life-span of people doing the weather reports on TV ? Is it the fickleness of the TV audience ? Can a job be ended when there is a change in management ? A new manager may hire his own people and fire most of the others.A better writer or director would have made a better movie . The one big problem is Suzanne 's character . Could she have such a diabolical personality without anyone noticing it in her small town ? This movies seems to mock small town people . This story seems to be loosely based on a real crime where a high school teacher recruited students to kill her husband . Would n't this relationship be noticed in a small town ? When a spouse is murdered the surviving spouse , boyfriends or girlfriends become the prime suspects or `` persons of interest '' . Some experienced detectives can notice something funny when talking to these people . Serial killers or organized crime gangs usually have no known connections to the victim that the police can examine , unless they find some clue . -LSB- At least that is how it works on TV crime shows . -RSB-
 -LRB- March 9 2007 rebroadcast -RRB- I must 've miss this the first time around . YES , why has n't a modern foresnic study been done ? There is likely plenty of evidence still in the Borden home , even after 100 years . The re-enactors in this production are just dreadful ... Mrs. B is portrayed by a skinny , young-ish woman and the Lizzie actor does n't even have her red hair and moon face and looks about 20 year old -LRB- Lizzie was 32 at the time of the murders -RRB- , and the Irish maid spits out a couple of words in an attempted British accent . -LRB- Bad acting is the fault of the director . -RRB- The reenactments are n't done convincingly and the production is sub-standard - far below the usual level of History Channel mysteries . This episode is not worth watching . Please , some production company put together a show that applies modern forensic CSI to what evidence remains in the Borden home and the Fall River historical society has plenty of artifacts to test . Like those hatchets and clothing ! Minute , old blood spots will still be intact . Well , I think Lizzie did it , and do n't we all ? She must 've been PMSing ! Let 's face it this was one dysfunctional family . Lizzie did n't sell her story to Hollywood , give interviews or pen an autobio .
 You would almost think this was made by Court TV , rather than another cable channel . It 's intended for those who like the true crime genre , even with its dash of feminism and women 's studies . This work has some cheesy reenactments in it . For example , the murder victims were bludgeoned , but the actors portray them as if they were fainting and there is no fake blood anywhere . One actor has huge , 19th-Century sideburns that were obviously bought at a five-and-dime wig shop and lazily glued on.The work foreshadows matters by saying `` crime of the century '' and noting that the event happened in the 90s of a century . Later in the work , they very explicitly say Lizzie Borden was the O.J. Simpson of the 1800s . Later the work introduces that Miss Borden may have had lesbian relationships . I am surprised that they did n't then bring up Aileen Wuornos or Wanda Jean , lesbians in the 1990s who were prosecuted for murder , just as Miss Borden was . O.J. is as far as the work goes in trying to get modern audiences to relate.The work had female and male interviewees . One interviewee is a psychotherapist and they never once explain why she was/is an expert on the subject ; very random ! They do n't bring up when Martin Prince in drag as Miss Borden says , `` Three whacks with a wet noodle , Bart ! '' on `` The Simpsons . ''
 I can see I am not alone in my dislike of this DVD . As mentioned , this edition only comes in fullscreen , which I find annoying . The worst part has to due with the almost complete lack of cleaning the film ; it looks like it was copied from the VHS.The sound was also sub-par , and obviously not mixed well . Considering I only paid nine bucks for it , I consider it a worthwhile purchase ... My VHS is so worn that about half the movie is unwatchable . There are a couple of problems with the audio warping that was also not fixed in this edition.If you 're like me -LRB- in the sense that you have a VHS in poor condition -RRB- and simply want a watchable version of this movie , then this cut should n't give you any problems . If you 're a die-hard fan and want a bit more , go for the special edition . I hear good things , but have not seen it myself as of yet .
 Do n't buy this DVD ! This DVD is playing in my living room right now , and I took the opportunity to get away and write this review . We popped this into the player and settled in for our Friday family movie & pizza night on the couch . I 've never seen this movie , and I do n't think I ever want to watch it all the way through . The picture and sound quality are both so lousy that I ca n't stand to watch for more than 5 minutes . I bought this as a surprise for my wife , who loved this as a kid . And as much as she loves it , she 's even noticed how warbly the sound is and is n't enjoying it very much . Also , being full screen , not wide screen , much of the picture is cut out . There 's some scene where two characters are talking to each other from opposite sides of the TV screen , and you can hardly see them ... you mostly just see a castle wall.Enough of the technical shortcomings of the DVD . Now for the subjective , opinionated stuff : I 'm not a fan of the fantasy genre , and I 'm * really * not a fan of the animation style ... it grosses/creeps me out , even as an adult . Same guy that did the Hobbit cartoon way back , I think . Give me Looney Tunes , thank you very much . And for getting a G rating , there are some things in there that I hope my kids repress . A tree thing with boobs ? Some cussing ? Plenty of creepy & frightening images.Soundtrack
 Words ca n't even begin to explain how outraged I am with this VHS to DVD transfer.I use to watch the VHS version all the time as I kid and I loved it . Recently the DVD was purchased for me and I hated it ... . And I 'm curious to see if anyone else realized the change in ALL the characters voices ?? I noticed it right away and it was absolutely disappointing . Even the music sounds off . I would rather buy the VHS version over again then waste my money on this DVD version ... Please do n't waste your money !!
 My three year old adores this movie . It does have a good plot and interesting characters , and there are some pretty funny scenes , so I can understand her feelings on that level . However ... the soundtrack is DEPLORABLE . The music is mostly done by America , in their typical depressing , 70 's - awful style . The lowlights are numbers sung by Jeff Bridges -LRB- who voices Lear -RRB- and Mia Farrow -LRB- who voices the unicorn -RRB- . These two just ca n't sing . It 's wonder they did n't die of shame when this movie was released . Worst of all , the songs have a tendancy to stick in your head until you wish you were dead - they 're really that bad . In fact , my audiophile college-age nephew who lives with us refuses to stay in the house while my daughter is watching this movie . His ears just ca n't take it , I suppose . If you want to introduce your kids to this story , spare your ears and get Peter Beagle 's classic book instead .
 The Last Unicorn is one of my favorite animated films of all time and I have waited years for this movie to be released on DVD . The soundtrack is wonderful too , and I listen to it often . You can imagine how excited I was when I got the Amazon notification that it would finally be available , so the movie itself gets 5 stars but this edition gets 1 star and deserves nothing more . This has to be the absolute worse picture quality I have ever seen on a DVD ... heck the VHS copy has to be better than this . The sound quality is terrible too , sounding almost like a record , and there are absolutely no extras . Not to mention that the movie was only released in full screen , but I could have dealt with that had the rest of the DVD been done right . Artisan/FHE did such a shoddy job with this DVD that I will be very careful when picking up anything else from them in the future . I tried to return my copy , but of course since the seal was broken , they could do nothing about it so I resold it online and have ordered a no region copy of the German release , which looks and sounds great ! I recommend anyone wanting this movie to consider that for themselves . Maybe Artisan/FHE will take the hint and actually give us some credit by releasing a version of The Last Unicorn worth paying for .
 I have no idea what they did to the soundtrack of this release - it is horrible ! There is inappropriate background music that almost drowns out the dialog in some scenes . Most of the actual songs seem normal , but the mixing levels between the voices , sound effects , and `` ambiance '' music is way , way off.The color transfer also seems very shoddy in places - too dark in several scenes , such as at the outlaws ' camp.Altogether , it is horribly disappointing to see such a wonderful movie treated in this way .
 Why did they have to ruin such a great movie with such a TERRIBLE DVD treatment ??? I waited so long for this movie to be released . I grew up with it ; to me it is way better than many of the Disney movies around -LRB- specially the most recent ones -RRB- . Like many other reviewers wrote on here , the picture quality is TERRIBLE , contrasts are over done , the image does n't even look sharp and for some reason it keeps jumping on my tv screen!I have also the VHS version of this film , and sadly enough I find NO DIFFERENCE with the dvd version . I hope someday a kind studio will rerelease this fantasy gem improved as it deserves , just like Disney did with the new version of Alice in Wonderland . But let 's face it , this might take years , it it ever happens .
 Just adding my two cents to the mounting disgruntlement over this release . The picture quality is terrible , the music is so loud that you often ca n't hear what characters are saying , it 's fullscreen , and it looks to be a bad transfer from video . All in all , this DVD is the pits . The folks who released it should be ashamed .
 Do n't you just hate it when one of your favorite movies got edited and sanitized ??? It 's just like buying a book with pages torn off . Why do production studios releasing DVDs continue to think it 's okay to make changes to a movie and think the fans out there wo n't mind ??? especially when what is edited is crucial to the plot of the story ??? Is n't it true that when you do something wrong you should be the one punished ??? So if the studio releases a bad edition of the film , should n't they be the one who gets burned ??? Could it be that they are not getting the message from the millions of fans around the world ??? Please boycott this 25th Anniversary edition of the DVD no matter what price it goes on sale for . For those who have bought the edition , please find some way to return it or demand a refund from Lions Gate . I am very sure that unless you hit them where it hurts they are not going to hear.You are paying good , hard earned money to relive memories when you first watched this film when it was first released . But you are going to be rob of those memories when you watch this edition . And Lions Gate is the one doing the robbing -- your memories as well as your money . I am very sure that when the 30th Anniversary comes around , there will be a new release with everything put back in and they will make another killing.So please , please DO NOT buy this 25th Anniversary edition .
 First of all let me say that THE LAST UNICORN IS A 5 STAR MOVIE ! The 1 star rating I have selected is for this particular DVD release by Lions Gate.The last Unicorn is a precious childhood memory filled with action , adventure , romance , and music . Those who have never seen it should not mistake this movie as a bright and happy kiddie fairytale . The story is quite dark and full of moments that might scare children who have been sheltered by todays `` sanitized '' as another viewer called it , movies.This story is raw and pure and a delight for anyone who enjoys animation at its best as well as those who appreciate things for what they are . This is a splendid fantasy story with a classic 1980s animation feel that is unmistakable.The 25th Anniversary edition should have been a wonderful blessing but as soon as I noticed the first sign of sensorship editing I was very angry . Words such as `` Hell '' and `` Damn '' have been removed where as the phrase `` I wish to God '' has been left in tact . Such editing makes no sense and if this is to celebrate the anniversary then it should be left as it was with only an upgrade in picture and sound quality . Lion 's Gate has done an extreme injustice to both this movie and its many fans and should be ashamed of themselves.As far as the picture quality goes , it is very much improved over all the previous editions . Much better than the grainy picture of the old DVD that was n't even presented in widescreen . The 5.1 stereo sound was also very nice but it did n't seem to matter when compared to the fact that they edited it.Dispite the imporvements I agree that fans should avoid buying the 25th Anniversary edition and demand that Lions Gate go back and do it right this time ! NO EDITING ! And from what I can tell , although the picture was much better they could have done an even better job with the clean up , there were still imperfections in the film quality due to age which I know can be fixed , it just takes more time and money.When will companies stop changing the past and just present it as it was !
 The Last Unicorn is one of the all time great animated classics . The reason my review for it is so poor then is because of how the production company has chosen to release it . The Last Unicorn was released into theaters in 1980 and thus anyone who saw it originally is far older than this dvd is targeted at . Using cheap re-release artwork that PALES in comparison to the amazing animation of the movie and placing it in a purple box really bumps down the quality of this release . Every other country uses beautiful original poster artwork , what happened in the US ! As well this release is in standard which means the sides of the animation have been cut off because this film was originally in wide screen . I got the imported German version that is in wide screen and has special features and I tell you it is incredible . Did you know that there is a shot of Mommy Fortune dead after she is attacked by the Harpies ? This shot is edited out in the standard transfer . I will buy this dvd but I wish the production company would have taken this release more seriously .
 This film is single-handedly responsible for turning me into an avid reader . I saw the movie when I was 7 years old and loved it . My father then found a copy of the book , brought it home for me , and helped me as I struggled through it relentlessly . I was determined to read the whole thing and understand every word , even though I did n't know a lot of them yet.No , the animation is n't great by today 's standards . No , the DVD transfer is n't great either . But the voice acting is superb , and most of all , the story is fantastic . There has never been a time when the movie or book has failed to move me to tears.This is why it pains me * so much * to have to give this a 1-star rating.The author of the book on which this film was based , Peter S. Beagle , also wrote the screenplay for this film . Granada Media owns the rights to the film , and has sold over 500,000 copies in the last two years alone . However , Granada Media has not paid Beagle the -LRB- large amount of -RRB- money that he is rightfully owed , leaving him financially unstable.As a long-term fan of the book and the film , I urge you to go to the Conlan Press -LRB- Beagle 's business manager -RRB- website and read about the situation . What is happening here is wrong .
 I really felt like this movie wasted my time without giving anything worthwhile in return . Because it 's by Arthur Rankin of Rankin-Bass , I hoped for a truly classic story , like Rudolph or Year Without a Santa Claus , and all of the endearingly unforgettable elements that go with it -LRB- like Heat Miser and Snow Miser , or the Island of Misfit Toys -RRB- . Instead , this is a drawn-out , poorly-architected story that poses as a fairy tale , and instead is like someone 's stoned or drunken epic hallucination . It 's not appropriate for young children , with a scary roaring ghostly bull and a couple of other random ugly monsters , but it 's not a strong enough story to win the interest of an adult.The Last Unicorn searching for the other unicorns -LRB- since they 're immortal - what happened to them ? -RRB- is a premise with so much possibility . But this movie just blew it with a combination of burlesque -LRB- a hippie butterfly who sounds like Cheech singing clues to the unicorn , `` Schmedrick the Magician '' who ca n't ever make his spells come out right , etc. -RRB- and plain crummy plot development . The unicorn accidentally gets turned into a naked blonde woman with a striking cartoon-y resemblance to Stevie Nicks , and after falling in love with the prince in the castle where she , Schmedrick and Maggie -LRB- a good-hearted outlaw picked up from an incompetent outlaw band in the forest -RRB- are hoping to find the other unicorns , she wants to forget she was a unicorn at all.But the story keeps right on wasting time with a skeleton that ca n't stop laughing when it 's asked for magical answers , the dreamy cynicism of the castle 's gruesome `` king '' , and the ramblings of a pirate-y cat.It just goes on and on , but not in any meaningful way . The unicorn lost my interest and sympathy when she never seemed to care about the people who were trying to help her , the magician also kept on refusing to try at crucial moments , and the ending - where she is turned back into a unicorn and has freed the lost others - is not satisfying . You never see her meet the other unicorns or return to her forest to resume protecting the ordinary animals abandoned there , nor does she say thank you or goodbye to the prince . The cheesy soundtrack annoyed me beyond belief.I know how cynical this sounds after the many 5-star glowing reviews , but I 'm sticking by it . It 's not a classic story , not even a good story , and not a good movie .
 This DVD has the worst picture quality of any DVD I have ever seen . It looks like VHS , in fact it appears to be a transfer directly from VHS . The sound is decent but it 's hard for me to get past the terrible picture quality but my daughter seemed to like it anyway .
 Well , unlike the people that read the reviews about `` horrible quality '' and bought it anyways , I 'm here because of the horrible quality lol . I got this DVD in through netflix and it did indeed look awful . However , the DVD was quite scratched so I thought maybe ... just maybe ... because it was such consistent scratching over the whole DVD , it was just that and I 'd get a newer copy . So , here I am after a google search for `` last unicorn '' AND `` poor quality '' AND DVD . So , apparantly it just does suck that bad lol . Oh well.Anyways , believe it . I thought I was watching a worn out VHS copy of the film . Poor indeed . A crying shame : -LRB-
 I have been waiting for a region 1 dvd for a long time and I couldnt wait to watch this wonderful film on my widescreen HDTV , only to find out this has been released fullscreen , so I decided to rent this movie instead of buying . Not only is this movie fullscreen but it looks like a bad VHS transfer . unexcusable ! This dvd should have never been released like this . ...
 The reason you should not buy this dvd is not because it is a bad movie . The company releasing it has taken all profits due to the author of the story . The websites www.conlanpress.com \ youcanhelp , and www.unicorntears.com have all the pertinent info , do n't support these thieves . I put my vhs version onto dvd .
 `` The Last Unicorn '' is one of my favorite childhood movies , and the movie itself certainly deserves 5 stars . However , the DVD version is so poor , quality-wise , that I can not recommend it . I read the reviews here at Amazon before purchasing it , but I thought surely it could n't be as bad as everyone was making out . I 'm no DVD expert , so I thought perhaps it was only DVD aficionados who were upset . However , I was mistaken . It really is terrible . All I care about is having a nice , clear picture , and this print is dark , dirty , and flickers strangely throughout the film . It 's a shameful way to treat a wonderful movie . I only hope that it will be re-released properly at some point !
 The last unicorn is a beautiful story with memorable characters and a bittersweet ending . I saw the original on VHS as a child and it became burned into my memory even into adulthood . Last year I met Peter S. Beagle , the author of the book , at a convention and learned an unfortunate truth . Peter S. Beagle does not receive any compensation for the use of his material in the DVD format as sold by most vendors ! As much as I love this story , I want to encourage people not to buy the DVD unless they purchase it through Peter 's representative , conlanpress.com . You can even have him sign and personalize your DVD there ! Believe me , it was a dream come true to receive my personalized copy for my birthday and it felt good to know he was getting the compensation he deserved .
 Wow , I really wish I had seen these reviews before I purchased this dvd ! I just watched it and , like everyone else am appalled at the poor quality and editing of such a wonderful movie . This dvd edition is complete butchery of a much - loved classic!On top of the full screen only option , the whole first half of the movie is covered in film scratch lines and at one horrific point it actually looks like someone spilled coffee on the original vhs and just kept going . In fact I 'm pretty sure my 1986 vhs copy , which I was going to replace , is actually better quality than this dvd and I watched it almost daily for at least three solid years . Having said that , I also have a bone to pick with the fact the two curse words in the script have been edited out in this rendition . For some reason that probably bothered me more than the rest of it put together.Overall , if you loved this movie as a kid and sang all the bad Mia Farrow songs out of tune with her and knew all the dialog by heart DO NOT BUY THIS DVD !!! It will just be really disappointing and make you wish you still had a vcr ...
 Although anime is beginning to change people 's minds , far too many Westerners still think of animation as a genre only fit for children . The Last Unicorn ought to be high on the viewing list of anyone who believes animation is just for kids -- yes , it 's a `` cartoon , '' but it 's also beautifully animated , with unique and unforgettable characters , and the storyline is as true to the original source material -LRB- book by Peter S. Beagle -RRB- as any movie adaptation I 've ever seen.In her unchanging , always-spring forest lives a unicorn -LRB- voice of Mia Farrow -RRB- , ageless , wise and innocent , and without regret -- unicorns can feel sorrow , but it 's not the same thing . One day , when men come into her forest to hunt , she discovers that she is the last of the unicorns . With snatches of help and hints from a dizzy butterfly , she sets out to find the others . On her way she picks up an incompetent magician named Schmendrick -LRB- voice of Alan Arkin -RRB- , a withered woman named Molly Grue -LRB- voice of Tammy Grimes -RRB- , and eventually finds the kingdom of King Haggard -LRB- voice of Christopher Lee -RRB- and his son Lir -LRB- voice of Jeff Bridges -RRB- . But in the changing , aging world of humans , can the unicorn even keep track of who she is and how the story should end?The movie version is n't perfect . There are some awkward scenes , including a terrible duet by Mia Farrow and Jeff Bridges which never should have been included , and some scenes contain material such as mild profanity , bare breasts and depictions of death which might not be suitable for children . But there is an earnestness to this film , a magic in the way ideas are expressed , that 's all too rare in modern filmmaking . This quality helps many viewers overlook the film 's flaws.So if The Last Unicorn is that good of a movie , why does it only rate two stars ? Because the U.S. DVD release is terrible . This is a full-frame release , *** not widescreen *** . The DVD has poor cover art and offers zero special features . The actual transfer is grainy and blurry in spots , with no evidence of any kind of restoration work . The soundtrack has a distinctly tinny quality . In fact , the only reason one would purchase this DVD was if one had only a single copy of the film taped off television some 15 years ago and watched over and over until the VHS tape nearly wore out ... rather like me , in fact.Don ' t purchase this DVD . I would n't have done so if I had known what I know now . Instead , look for the 25th Anniversary edition released in 2006 by Lionsgate Entertainment .
 Let me start by saying that The Last Unicorn is my favorite movie of all time . I have loved it since I was very , very young . However , I truly wish I had never bought this DVD.First off , the movie is full screen and not widescreen -- this could easily be forgiven if the DVD did n't have numerous other problems . The picture quality is awful and looks as though they ripped the movie from the old VHS master . There are also some scenes where the contrast seems to be up too high . I know that these are not simply issues with the original movie because I have the German release and its picture is flawless -LRB- not to mention widescreen -RRB- and beautiful . This release also has one of the worst menus I have ever seen . The DVD says it has special features , but I ca n't find them!If you 're a hardcore Last Unicorn fan , do n't buy this DVD . Your old VHS version is just as good .
 `` The Last Unicorn '' has been a favorite film of mine for a good 20 years ; that said , this DVD must be the worst VHS to DVD port that I have ever seen.This DVD IS more parent friendly than the original VHS , as the release company chose to delete a few instances of the word `` damn '' and `` hell . '' I can understand how parents might find this preferrable . But it is blatant alteration of a classic . Had I known this movie was edited in any way shape or form from its original form , even to make it `` less offensive '' , there is no way I would have purchased it.And does it really make it less offensive ? To be honest , I have never found this to be much of a children 's story . The subject matter is very dark and sad . The ending can hardly be considered happy . The whole theme of the story is the sadness of lost innocence . Yes , it is animated , but in my humble opinion , it never made a good children 's movie to begin with . so does it really need to be edited for child friendliness?It 's not just the editing - the DVD is just crappy . I swear that the video and audio quality are even worse than on the VHS . It looks worse , it sounds heinous.Spare yourself the money - stick with your VHS version , until a good quality DVD release.DVD - 1 starMovie - 5 stars
 I adore this movie . the animation is wonderful , the story poignant , but the dvd was terrible ! They obviously had n't touched up the old VHS at all . The picture has lots of holes and spots . I like the fullscreen format personally , but I know many people would have liked the option of widescreen . If their are bonus features like the box claims I ca n't find them . Overall , you will probably be better off with the VHS , which had a better picture .
 Unlike many reviewers , I do n't have a problem with the quality of the DVD . We thought it was a beautiful animation and the storyline is very captivating . However , I only gave it 2 stars because I feel that the G rating could be very misleading to families with young children . I thought `` G '' meant for all audiences , but I would say this is more of a `` PG '' : `` damn '' and `` hell '' are used several times in The Last Unicorn . There is a scene where the unicorn is transformed into a girl . She is unclothed at first , but her very long hair manages to cover most of her quite well ala Lady Godiva , so this did n't bother me too much . However , there is another scene where a tree transforms into a woman with a nearly bare and overflowing bosom that she presses the magician 's face between quite inappropriately . Please know that I am not a prude by any means , but I was shocked to find these things in a `` G '' rated film . I do try to avoid these types of things with my younger children -LRB- 6 and 3 year olds -RRB- . A `` PG '' rating would have definitely given me a heads up . I hope this information will help the next person with young children make a more informed choice when purchasing . Also , there are some very scary scenes with the Red Bull , but nothing we have n't seen before in Disney films such as Sleeping Beauty . However , I thought I 'd mention it , just in case you have a child sensitive to these types of things . All in all , it is a good DVD . My problem with it lies in the `` G '' rating that it carries .
 The storyline is well constructed , but the audio acting is terrible -- makes an adult cringe . For the musically challenged , the singing can be tolerable otherwise prepare for projectile vomiting . My younger children love the movie , but the older ones `` loathe '' -LRB- my 10-year-old daughter 's word -RRB- it . I really wish they would redo this story with actors that have talent .
 This incredible movie deserves so much better . I do n't think the people that are releasing the movie understand the devotion of the fans . I 've bought the pirated version and it 's better than this crap . Artisan . Please step up and give this movie the treatment it needs . Americans have only been waiting years for the release . The audio is unbearably bad as well . It must be a VHS copy .
 The original run time for this movie is 92 minutes , but this 25th anniversary version is 89 minutes , yet no scenes are cut . How can this be ? Simply , the movie has been `` sped up '' by 4 % , which is what happens when movies are put on video in Europe due the difference in frame rate . It looks like what the geniuses who released this DVD did was , take the 4 % faster overseas version -LRB- meaning the audio pitch is higher -RRB- , and simply use that without first trying to `` reconvert '' it back to our system to get the correct time/speed . But wait , this is equally lame , we should n't need to convert from a previously converted format , as the U.S. format `` is '' the original format.Bottom line , this release is not any kind of remaster , it was simply stolen from a European release that was n't even that good . The best quality DVD version ever released for this movie -LRB- to date of this review -RRB- was the German release , the quality will blow you away . The only drawbacks for viewing in the U.S. is , you would need a multi-format DVD player for playback -LRB- though your PC drive will work -RRB- , and , you would have the 4 % speed hike . Most people wo n't notice the speed increase , but in music it is more noticeable.Get the German DVD if you can , it has both 2.0 and 5.1 audio , and pristine video quality in true widescreen . And it has the originally UNEDITED audio . Wonder if Lion 's Gate will actually do it right for the Blu-Ray release .
 This is a horrible release of this classic !! Everything is horrible from the picture quality to the cover art .
 I remember loving this movie . Now I reget buying it due to the extremely poor quality of the DVD . Aside from the grainy picture quality and poor sound and music , I am very angry that there was no mention that this was the FULL SCREEN version on Amazon . I will keep this in mind the next time I consider purchasing something through them .
 this is a really annoying movie . my kids will be watching it in the next room and my husband and i will be in agony , having to hear the corny songs and contrived dialogue coming in through the open door . now , if my kids were rating this they would probably give it 5 stars , they love it . go figure .
 If you have pleasant memories of seeing this movie as a child , leave it that way . You will be sorely disappointed if you rent -LRB- let alone buy -RRB- this movie . Visually it is very beautiful and it looks like the same animators who did The Hobit . The story is okay and the acting is bearable , but the music is awful !!! This overextended depressing 80s music really ruins it . The best way to enjoy this film is on a poster .
 Just so you know , if you buy a german DVD of Last Unicorn and play it on an all region player and select the english track , you get bascially an error-free high quality video image with 5 channel sound . This is the next best thing to a new release .
 I would not recommend this video for use in an elementary school classroom . Teachers should preview . Show , only , with parental notification . I found the use of the repeated profanity offensive and totally inappropriate for the young children I teach -LRB- age 4 , 5 & 6 -RRB- . I know many individuals assume a NR on a children 's animated story , is equivalent to a G. Unfortunately , this is very misleading !
 I had n't seen this movie since I was four , and I was curious to watch it as a twentysomething . Verdict
 This is my ALL TIME FAVORITE Animated film . I 'm eagerly awaiting the LIVE ACTION film . And I was anticipated this US release to see if it would be as good or better than the UK one . Sadly . . that is not the case . The Quality is horrible not to mention the kiddie targeted artwork from the vsh release is still used . Shameful . I shall be picking up the UK version with all its glorious extras , widescreen format , and beautiful artwork . This US release should make every animation and Last Unicorn love sick .
 I 'm waiting anxiously for the Live action version of this classic . This is my ALL TIME FAVORIE Animated Movie EVER !!! I was so dissapointed at what a horrible release to DVD this was . Not only was the packaging the same crappy kiddie fare artwork as the old VHS . . but the Quality was just horrible . I shall surely be buying the UK release with all its glorious extras and and widescreen format and beautiul artwork . This US release should be an embarasment for all animation and Last Unicorn fans .
 I 'm pretty upset by the DVD . For some 20 years I 've watched the VHS version that my mom taped off the TV , and being a 27 year-old woman I 'm still obsessed with this movie and watch it every time I go home . I could n't believe that I could get this wonderful film on DVD now , considering the fact that only my parents own a VCR these days . But , it was weird to watch -- there are different sounds either I do n't notice on the VHS version , or that are new . And there are parts in it that must have been edited from the version I grew up with ; props to adding them back in , but it ruins the movie for me . It 's just not exactly right . I think I 'll just have to keep watching my parents tape , because after 20 years I do n't think I can handle these mini changes . * sigh *
 Ah , another Rankin-Bass film goes to the butcher shop ! The problems remain the same . What are they doing with the soundtracks to these films ? How can they possibly screw them up in this way ? And how can they do this over and over AND OVER ? To make this mistake once as a quick way to make a quick buck during all the hype over LOTR made sense , but here 's a film that no one is going to buy unless they are already a fan . Why give it the same lousy treatment?In fact , if they were in such a rush , why not just somehow duplicate the german DVD ? It seems like it would actually have been MORE work to do the terrible job they did.And like The Hobbit , what really blows my mind is the lowsy artwork . The hobbit in particular had fantastic cover artwork , etc. thanks to the magnificient talent of Topcraft -LRB- that would go on to become studio ghibli , surprise ! -RRB- , but instead it got a truly bad cover -LRB- do n't worry , they 're busy doing the same sort of facelift to all the children books you grew up loving too ! -RRB- . The last Unicorn suffers the same exact fate . Due to Amazon being a global store , you can just go to the bottom of the page , click on germany and type Last Unicorn right into the search engine . When you see how great that cover looks , you 'll never want to look at this one again.I really do n't understand what gives . During the mid 70 's through the very early 80 's , some strange , and even intelligent animation was coming out -- animation that was more literate and less song and dance . Anyone remember the Mouse and his Child animated film ? I never expected to see any of this stuff come out on DVD because of the very small audience for it , but it seems if you wait long enough , all things will come back into print . Just do n't expect any love to be put into it .
 First things first
 Peter S Beagle created a wonderful story about a unicorn seeking out what has become of the rest of her kind , finding strange , nearly forgotten characters along her way . Mr Beagle wrote a screen play that was transformed into a charming animation that has captivated people of all ages for many years . I give the book 5 stars and the movie 3 -LRB- due to some rather cheesey music ... perhaps Mr Beagle should sing himself next time -RRB- . !!!!!!! PLEASE READ !!!!!!!! I met Peter S Beagle this past weekend , along with his new business manager , Conlan , at Dragon Con in Atlanta . Mr Beagle is a sweet , wonderful old gentlemen with a soft voice and a tender heart . He loves to tell his tales and always has something witty or wonderful to talk about . Unfortunately , we discovered that , due to his rather friendly nature , Mr Beagle has been sorely taken advantage of by contracts and companies . He is owed several hundreds of thousands of dollars for his creation.The sales of the movie by Granada Media -LRB- out of London -RRB- has refused to give Peter Beagle any of the money they owe him by contract , nor has he received funds earned from the animated Lord of the Rings that recently has been more successful -LRB- he aided in that film as well -RRB- . Anyways , for more information and ways you can help :[ ... -RSB-
 -LRB- ... -RRB- , you 've heard from other reviewers , this is a sucky full frame edition that looks like was made from old VHS master . So save your money and watch your old tape . Or , you can purchase a region 2 edition of this movie from Amazon UK , which is in widescreen presentation . I bought mine a year ago and have enjoyed it numerous times . But you 'll need an all-region DVD player for that . Look online for them . They do n't cost much more than a regular R1 player .
 The Last Unicorn may be my favorite movie to date and I was so excited to hear that it was finally announced in the US . Finally I would own The Last Unicorn a classic piece of animation in digital quality ! However Little did I know that the production company would put all of 2 dollars into the dvd release of this major film . First off it is only in Standard that is right the film has been cut from it 's original widescreen -LRB- which is how the laserdisc was presented -RRB- to a formatted to fit your tv mode . You can notice this most when mommy fortuna 's wagon passes by and half of the words are cut off from the picture . Secondly the digital transfer is AWFUL ! if I did n't know better they copied the VHS master onto DVD . the Colors are all blah and the animation is lost . This mystifies me because I also own the German widescreen version -LRB- which is incredible !! -RRB- and their transfer is flawless and crisp ! third , did someone forget the special features on this disc ?! Play Movie or scene selection . that is it ! . Lastly this movie has The worst Box art EVER ! and it does n't stop there the art is also on the disc and the interactive menus -LRB- which play some god awful made for dvd elevator music ! -RRB- This release of an amazing movie is a crime ! Artisan -LRB- the company -RRB- should really rethink this and release a new transfer special edition . but that will never happen .
 I 've absolutely loved this movie since I was a kid . Watched it so often that I wore out our first VHS copy and we had to buy a second one decades ago.I finally bought the DVD version , excited to at last see it in widescreen , but was shocked when I put it in the DVD player ! They went through and censored out all the `` curse words . '' It 's not as if this was particularly filthy language , just a few stray instances of `` damn '' and `` hell . '' These words are heard everyday , even on daytime television -- not exactly something you are going to be able to shield anyone from anyway.Knowing the film nearly word for word after all these years , I was horrified that they would put out such a sanitized version . Sickened , really.I 'm holding out in the hopes that they will re-release it with the proper , unedited version . Until then , do n't waste your money on this version .
 This is possibly the worst DVD transfer of a movie I 've seen since the orignal release of `` Hunt for Red October '' . It 's dark , solid colors exhibit shimmer , there 's motion blur everywhere and it 's * fuzzy * . The VHS version has higher picture quality ! The sound is muddy and seems to be mono , though it claims to be 2.0 stereo.I loved this movie as a kid , and I 'd recommend this DVD if it did n't look awful . If you can find it , get the German import version - it 's region 2 , meaning you 'll have to have a region-free player , and all the menus are in German . However , it 's been fully remastered - sound is 5.1 surround , video is clear and bright . And it 's widescreen as well .
 I can not believe this movie was released in such poor condition . it 's fully screen only . The audio sounds like a cassette tape . The picture is dark and blurry . There is distortion along the top of the picture . There are no special features whatsoever . Such a tragedy that this great movie was treated like this .
 Buy it from Conlan Press online for the same price . Or if you want to pay extra you can get a signed copy . Why ? Because otherwise the writer of the film will get no proceeds , because the company that orignally made this film -LRB- Granada -RRB- has been refusing to pay him any royalties for the past 20 + years since the movie came out , and generally treating him horribly . Lionsgate , however , worked out a deal to let him sell some copies through Conlan Press online , so if you buy from there , he 'll get a cut .
 This was very amateurish . Do n't think it would hold even the attnetion of a child , no matter what age .
 Actually I would like the option to give this tape a 0 star rating . I bought this video for my pre-school aged nephews as a Christmas gift . I thought a Rankin Bass video would be good/safe for children . I finally watched it with them the other day . I was very disappointed and would not recommend this movie for anyone . The characters in the story swear . A haggish woman swears at the unicorn saying `` Damn you , damn you ! '' The knight/hero character says `` Damn . '' A troll type creature says something like `` What the Hell , am I supposed to look at . '' and a magician takes God 's name in vain after being accosted by a tree he brought to life , which is a buxom `` woman tree '' who makes a pass at the magician . Shocking . If my nephews went up to their parents and used these expressions from the movie , they would be reprimanded by their parents who do not talk like that . I now know that I need to preview every video I buy for my nephews before giving them a present . Shame on Rankin Bass
 My two daughters watched this video . My husband and myself took turns watching it with the girls because it was so long . During my time watching it I noticed some adult words that should n't be in there and also female nudity on a bird that was a bit outrageous . Also my husband observed some female anatomy on a tree that was not for children . Parents , please watch this video with your children if you do buy it . As it is such a long movie I imagine many parents just let the kids watch it and go fix dinner or do other things ... not in the same room . I got bored and left after a while . I do n't think this is a cartoon for children . I may be the only one .
 This movie is very long , and very weird and a little too scary for my 6 year old girl who likes unicorns . It 's quite dark and depressing for a kids movie .
 If you monitor what your children watch , do n't buy this as it has several incidences of foul adult language ! It has the word `` damn '' in it twice and other situations that are for adults . I gave it a one star because the graphic animation is nicely done .
 To everyone over the age of ten who likes this movie : The next time you 're talking to someone , observe how they move when you 're talking to them . Are they constantly swaying back and forth , making dramatic swings of the head and body ? If they 're not , then I ca n't see a possible reason for you to be praising the animation of film.I mean , it could be the obnoxious `` humor '' spouted out by our `` comedian '' butterfly in the second scene that makes our heroine dance around like a drunken clown , and sing like she has strep throat , and speak as though the actress is being forced into the job . But I doubt it.It could be the three-breasted harpie , or the cliched `` pretty creature turned into pretty naked girl '' , or the fact that the unicorn makes Mrs. Elton sound modest , but I ca n't stand this movie . Why are you subjecting your children to this movie ? Watch some Disney , or at least some Ghibli .
 The Last Unicorn is a TERRIBLE movie , for one the DVD release was very poor , and some aspects of the film were n't made for children ... or ANYONE , for that matter . There is n't really a point to this film , so DO NOT BUY IT !
 If I could give this a half star I would . I bought this for my children to watch and I felt with a rated G rating that I was safe . How wrong I was . I am ashamed to say that I let my children see this before I did . When the magician is tied to the tree and his magic brings the tree to life all I see is the tree and her huge breasts . And the magician is stuck between her cleavage . The world is getting sick enough that I do n't need to show a cartoon to my children with this garbage in it . I am highly disappointed and so are my children because they can not watch this movie . I think that you need to watch this movie first before showing small children .
 I loved this movie as a child - and came here as an adult to buy it . It 's great to hear it 's been restored , but if it was at the price of the integrity of the film , I absolutely refuse to purchase an edited copy . Restoration should mean returning to the original state , not censoring to snare a overprotected , overly sanitized new audience . I will certainly buy a copy when they fix this issue -LRB- and intend to find a way to complain to the company responsible as well -RRB- .
 There 's a special edition widescreen DVD being released in February 2007 , which has remastered audio and video and better extras . Do n't buy this horrible version .
 This dvd release is so horrible . This movie should have been restored to the level it deserved to be . They made it full screen with lousy , awful , distorted sound and I guess the bonus features are the extra grainy picture and ugly cover art . All of us fans of the movie deserve a re-release of the dvd complete with bonus features , 5.1 sound , complete digital restoration and more of a mystical , magical , beautiful cover to the dvd . They should know by now that they can sell more if they give us more.Studio people please rescue this film from complete destruction .
 We were amazed at the poor quality of the DVD . I think the 25th anniversary edition is supposed to have a better quality that does n't look like they taped it off an old VHS .
 Despite the enthusiastic comments of the artists involved -LRB- watch the making of -RRB- and the hardly less enthusiastic reviews on this site this film has a rather banal story line with rather banal dialogue . Moreover the design of the title character -LRB- unicorn and girl -RRB- looks like a combination of a Barbie doll and your customary anime girlie . Apparently the layouts of the US artists had to be oversimplified by Japanese animators . Though I like the witch and the Red Bull . And then there are the awful songs by folk rock group America which are only topped by the ones sung by the characters themselves . The best thing to mention is the background design which occasionally follows medieval art and reminds you of Disney 's Sleeping Beauty . Yes , and I do n't mind the sometimes grainy picture quality .
 The Last Unicorn was my favorite movie when I was a kid . The story is sweet , the animation lovely . I eagerly bought a copy on VHS when I saw it some years ago and awaited the release of the DVD with glee.Unfortunately , my glee was somewhat unfounded . While the movie itself is still as wonderful as ever , the DVD itself is shoddy work . The movie is only presented in fullscreen -LRB- though there was a widescreen laser disc available -RRB- , there are no extras -- even the picture quality is less than outstanding.If you 're looking to replace a worn VHS , this is certainly a good option . If , on the other hand , you are waiting for a DVD treatment worthy of this beautiful movie , you have more waiting ahead of you .
 I remember seeing the Last Unicorn when it was first released in the 80 's and loved it ever since . The story should keep adults interested throughout , with a wonderful story about dreams , love and sacrifice . The voice acting is first rate as well as the soundtrack . Yet , the transfer onto DVD is the worst I 've even seen , the opening titles are blurry , the picture fuzzy . One review questioned that it may have came from the master VHS . I would not even go that far , it 's a very poor copy , as for the sound , if you have 5.1 surround , you 'll hear music and the voices coming from all directions . I view my movies on a HDTV , and that 's even no help . As for extras , there are none , not even a trailer . So should you get it ? Its nice to have it added to my collection , but expect a poor VHS viewing vice the clear DVD .
 Let 's put it this way , I absolutely loved this movie before I read the book , and I discovered that something very important that was in the book was missing in the movie . In itself , The Last Unicorn was a fantastic movie but it -LRB- like all movies -RRB- was not precise nor was it true to the book . However , with this particular story , a very important part -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- was left out in the movie . That part was the curse that the witch had put on King Haggard 's land . The curse was a big part of the story , for it said that the sea would rise up and crumble his castle . The sea was , of course , all the unicorns that raced out of the ocean after the Red Bull retreated into it . To some people this may seem of little concern but to me it answered a lot of questions that I would have had if I had n't read the book . Do n't get me wrong , I loved the movie and I still do , it 's just the fact that a large part of the book was taken out and should not have been . I 'm really looking forward to the reproduction of this tale , and I hope they will include the witch 's curse in that one .
 Artisan Entertainment has put out some beautiful DVDs in the past . The new T2 Extreme and Stargate Director 's Cut are just a couple . This pan and scan release of The Last Unicorn is a true travesty . I have never seen a worse picture in my life on a DVD . Yes , it 's that bad . Shame on you Artisan , F.H.E. , Carlton , and whoever else had anything to do with this DVD . This is a classic , beloved movie and it deserves so much better than this .
 While in Germany recently , I purchased the DVD release of this movie and was overwhelmed by the picture quality -LRB- widescreen -RRB- and sound -LRB- English track -RRB- . The artwork was also very well done . I was also able to play the DVD on my home computer using a region free player.But after purchasing this DVD here in the states yesterday , I could n't believe how Carlton/Artisan was allowed to release this incredible movie by simply copying an old VHS version onto DVD . The sound is horrible and so is the picture . Plus no mention of Christopher Lee on the cover ? Christopher Lee not only has a major role in the film , but his name alone will sell more copies . Starring in the last two Star Wars flicks and the first two Lord of the Rings trilogy , his name will be instantly recognized by anyone interested in the genre . This release was a huge mistake on part of Artisan . The film deserves a better treatment that it was given . The artwork looks like it was drawn by a ten year old . Anyone who is a real fan of the film should purchase the German release -LRB- available from Amazon -RRB- and buy a region free player and watch the film on their computer .
 A delicate white unicorn -LRB- voiced by Mia Farrow -RRB- who believes herself to be the last of her kind sets out on a search for other mythological creatures . Along the trek she meets a bumbling wizard named Schmendrick -LRB- Alan Arkin -RRB- who accidentally transforms her from equine to human . She finds herself on the , er , horn of a dilemma . Somewhere between Mommy Fortuna 's -LRB- Angela Lansbury -RRB- traveling curiosity show and the castle of the evil King Haggard -LRB- Christopher Lee -RRB- , the unicorn meets Prince Lir -LRB- Jeff Bridges -RRB- and has to decide whether or not to tell him the truth about herself . Based on the novel by Peter S. Beagle , music by soft-pop group `` America '' . A great sotry that does n't quite work in this awkard animation style -- I 'm curious to see how the live action version -LRB- currently in production -RRB- will fare.Staci Layne Wilson
 The Last Unicorn is , regretfully , profoundly disturbing for the balance of its length . The plot is horrifying for a young person -- it is , in reality , a bizzare , confusing , animated nightmare . And , watching the animation is a headache-inducing experience . A child under 10 expecting a Disney-esque fairy tale about unicorns will be in for an extremely rude awakening . The `` insights '' in the film regarding the human condition , such as they are , will be utterly lost on a young person .
 I should give up watching movies -LRB- or cartoons -RRB- based on books I have read.The fact that Rankin & Bass did the animation for this movie should have clued me in to its total lack of artistry , -LRB- I had already seen their version of `` The Hobbit '' , after all -RRB- . The book , written by Peter S Beagle , was an astonishingly fresh and insightful vision of a world in which a unicorn finds that she is not only the last of her kind , but that most people no longer believe unicorns ever existed in the first place . The cartoon was little more than a watered down version of the original story , lacking the enchanting prose and fairytale flavor of the original.Nowhere in the promos do they mention adult language or content , however , there is too much of that in the cartoon , which could make some parents a bit nervous . I truly would not enjoy having to have to explain to my five year old why Molly McGrue was so upset that the unicorn had not arrived sooner ! The image of the Red Bull is frightening enough , not to mention Mommy Fortuna or the nightmarish Harpy . I would never recommend this for children under the age of twelve , and I would not recommend it for adults either , since most of the story 's original message is lost in the hackneyed cartooning on this video .
 I picked up this video at my local library for my school-aged children . It was in the juvenile section and had a G rating so I thought it was safe . Thank goodness I stayed in the room to watch it with them . While there is a meaningful story and superb fantasy element , this movie is not for younger children . It scared the pants off me , a thirtysomething viewer who made it through The Ring and The Exorcist . The animation is frightening ; the language is inappropriate ; the themes are too adult . Please be warned . If you 're interested in showing this video to your children , watch it on you own first . Better yet , get the book .
 I was shocked thatthis had a G rating with the language used . Not for small kids who are impressionable and repeat what they hear . Other than that a good fanatsy story .
 My family found this movie to be long and tedious . Even my three year old daughter does not want to see it again . Overall , the dialog is monotone and the songs are more of the plot than the characters . Unfortunately these songs are all done in the same whiny tone .
 -LRB- to the tune of `` The Monster Mash '' -RRB- `` I was walking through the castle late one night , When my eyes beheld an unusual sight.For on the throne sat an old man with a scimitar at his side , And suddenly , in order to show his pride.He did the mash.He did the Haggard mash.The Haggard Mash.It was an old man smash.He did the mash.He was n't asking for cash.He did the mash.He did the Haggard mash . `` For me , the old evil king is the only `` beautiful '' thing I found in this story . Everything else seems either too feminine or just plain weird . I guess this must be a stpry for people who think good of life . Everything 's simply too dreamy in here.King Haggard is da ' bomb -LRB- and Christopher Lee does his voice -RRB- . I always like grumpy old people because they add an unhappy image to the scene . Also , they 're forgotten a lot of the time . Next thing I want to see is a crossover with King Haggard and Gandalf the Grey . Now that would be an OLD MAN SMASH !! I was going to give this 2 stars , but I took off one star because Haggard should have gotten far more recognition in the story . He should have gotten his own TV series ! It 's INCONCEIVABLE !!!!!
 The last unicorn stinks . You really should n't see it . Some people like it , but i think it 's a bad movie and does n't have really good characters . People who like it , like it . We all have different opinions .
 Rankin-Bass ' The Last Unicorn has held up surprisingly well as a film , but the DVD treatment it 's received is just insulting . With jittery grain , scratches , and dirt marring every scene , a dark and muddy look , out-of-focus transfer , scratchy audio , and insulting pan-and-scan -LRB- yes , there are scenes where two people are speaking and NOBODY 's in the frame ! -RRB- , it 's barely watchable . Add to that the complete lack of extras and you 're better off buying this one on VHS .
 I remember seeing this movie at the Drive-In when I was a child . I used to have it on VHS until it was destroyed . I could n't wait till it came out on DVD . However , once I got my copy I became rather disappointed with the quality . The colors look faded , It 's Full-Screen only , It even seems to be slightly crooked and there are distortions at the very top of the screen ... . What a horrible way to release such a classic .
 This is a very good film that has yet had a decent video release here in the US . This DVD release is a disaster.This particular print has several major defects . First this movie suffers more than most when cutting it from widescreen to full screen . But the pan-and-scan job -LRB- the technique used to make a widescreen film fit on a regular television -RRB- was also totally botched leaving many scenes showing only half a face or character.There is also many color problems . The print is biased to red . Dark scenes , of which there are many , show a red tint . Related to this is that the greens are subdued . Many objects that should be green show as blue.The print is also grainy showing more video noise than normal.The soundtrack is extremely harsh sounding making it dificult to listen to.I 'd recommend you seek out the widescreen version which has none of these problems .
 I am not a fan of `` bad '' language , but why was this movied edited ? So it could get a G rating ? Well , guess what Lionsgate ? ... The word D -- can still be heard in two places even though the more explicit enunciations have been removed - which makes the censorship seem even more ridiculous . Why do people keep trying to make this a kids movie ? I assume because its a cartoon about a unicorn , it has to be acceptable for little kids . This movie never was a young child 's movie ! I admit that this DVD release was better than the previous one , but we still need an unedited version ! I think there should be a DVD edition similar to the treatment that Labyrinth and Dark Crystal got - in the nice non-plastic case , with art printed on DVD case sized cards -LRB- perhaps the unicorn art from Haggard 's Castle , or the Unicorn tapestry art from the opening of the movie ? -RRB- . The above mentioned got all of these things , and they were not edited for being a bit dark - that 's what these movies are ! Just because there are unicorns or goblin muppets does not mean that the movie should be intended for kids and therefore censored to make it `` appropriate . '' Please , a new edition is needed here , but for heavensake , give it to a production company that understands that this is a fantasy film , and not a Disney cartoon .
 This movie is centered around a doomed love between two young people from bickering families . The movie is extremely slow with the first five minutes showing two people on horseback . There does n't seem to be anything pulling the movie together to make you want to watch the ending . The basic theme and plot is an excellent storyline , but there is something lacking . Overall , I was expecting a romantic love story and instead found a dull way to spend 2 hours .
 I own the other Lorna Doone Movie and this one was not in the same league . It was too short , first of all . It was like they were in a hurry to tell the story . It was not romantic at all . Beside the handsome Clive Owen and Sean Bean , the other characters were not good at all . It was a bad movie !!! I recommend the other Lorna Doone - DVD starring Richard Coyle and Amelia Warner . This was bad , not worth buying , just renting !
 I agree with the reviewer who said the A&E 2001 version of this story is much better . While the actors in this version are better known , there was no chemistry at all between Clive Owen and the female lead . Also , the way the `` romance '' was handled created no dramatic tension . In fact , the pacing seemed off for the entire movie . What should have been adventurous and daring ended up flat , boring , and slightly confusing . I do n't think it was the brevity of the film itself -- I found myself waiting for it to end -- but rather that the elements that make up good story telling were markedly absent . I was glad I had gotten this out of the library and neither rented nor bought it .
 This version does not have the authentic , I-feel-like-I 'm - there aspect of the A&E movie . The actors are , for the most part , wooden -LRB- with Sean Bean the exception -RRB- and the `` romance '' seems forced and contrived . In fact , there is no kissing until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd , Lorna Doone -LRB- or Lady Lorna Dugal , whichever you prefer -RRB- and the evil Carver Doone is n't mentioned or expanded upon . We do n't get much insight into Carver here , or as to why he has some -LRB- if any -RRB- romantic feelings for Lorna . This movie cuts out many of the key and interesting characters of the novel , such as Counsellor Doone , and John 's sharp-tongued youngest sister Lizzie which were crucial to the plot . The screenplay itself is lacking in conviction . The political intrigue also does n't figure in the script . The way Lorna came into being with the Doones is n't true to the original story . Now , do n't get me wrong , Clive Owen is a handsome and accomplished actor -LRB- watch Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation -RRB- but he comes across as bland and stoic throughout , and long hair -LRB- it may have been a bad wig -RRB- just does n't suit him !!!! Polly Walker is a lovely and accomplished actress -LRB- see Enchanted April and Patriot Games , in which she also costarred with Sean Bean -RRB- , but she appears colorless and lackluster . She has a cold sore on her lip that make-up ca n't hide , and the costumes do n't seem authentic . The late Robert Stephens does a respectable turn as Sir Ensor Doone , although he only refers to Lorna as his favorite rather than his granddaughter , which she was reputed to be in the book . Also , it seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles -LRB- maybe it 's the make-up -RRB- and the scenery is brown , cold , gray and barren , without so much of a hint of a sunny sky . I understand that it is set in Southwest England , but it is green there and they do get their sunshine !!! The portrayal of Tom Faggus ' character and his `` death '' , which does n't happen in the novel , depresses the film even more . The one positive note is Sean Bean 's performance as Carver . Although it does n't even come close to matching Aidan Gillen 's portrayal in the A&E movie , Bean does make one mean villain . In short , watch this only if you 've got a few hours to kill , but do n't expect anything exciting or for it to be true to the novel . See any other version -LRB- but I highly recommend A&E 's film -RRB- over this tired adaptation .
 When I first went to rent this movie , I was expecting a wonderfully portayed old-english love story with one of my favorite actors , Sean Bean . However , after watching it , I feel it falls short of a romance movie and instead makes its way toward a low-budget comedy movie . This movie was entertaining in that it had comical value in one of the main characters , John Ridd and it had some rather funny action scenes . It lost its potential as a romance when the production crew spent all its money on mediocre actors and gave little attention to sound effects and the screenplay itself .
 Carry On Follow That Camel -LRB- 1967 -RRB- lacks the pace and sparkle of some of the Carry On 's other historical epics which is surprising as it was always the period comedies where the team scored best . The fact that Sid James , Barbara Windsor and Hattie Jaques are missing may have something to do with it . As a substitute for the absence of Sid James , the team brought in American comedian Phil Silvers who enjoyed success with his self-titled television show in the 1960 's . Basically Silvers reprises his role as Sergeant Bilko in this entry -LRB- his only Carry On -RRB- and it does n't quite blend in so well with the rest of the teams characterisations although there are some laughs to be along the way.After being accused of cheating in a cricket match , Bertram Oliphant -LRB- Jim Dale in a familiar characterisation -RRB- gives up his fiancee -LRB- Angela Douglas -RRB- and with his bumbling butler Simpson in tow -LRB- Peter Butterworth -RRB- joins the Foreign Legion . The Fort he ends up in , which is run by Sergeant Knocker -LRB- Phil Silvers -RRB- soon comes under seige from Seeikh Abdul Abulbul -LRB- played brilliantly by Bernard Bresslaw who relishes every manically evil moment -RRB- . The desert scenes are vastly impressive and other regulars of the cast such as Kenneth Williams , Charles Hawtrey and Joan Sims -LRB- who is shamefully underused in this one though still puts inan effective performance as the sultry and exotic Zigzig -RRB- but the feel-good factor of most of the Carry On films is evidently missing here . Though there are some laughs to be endured the film can best be described as just enjoyably average overall .
 I thought this film was so bad that I wanted to spray my VCR with Lysol when it was over ! YECCH ! This `` comedy '' deals with a very unlikeable and unappealing family 's events surrounding the death of their equally unlikeable father . Sounds like a real knee-slapper , right ? Yes folks , it 's as funny as it sounds as 99 % of the characters are incredibly annoying to watch and are almost to a one without redeeming qualities . Bitter old women , trifling and lazy men , bratty kids , ad nauseum.BUT - LL Cool J -LRB- James Todd Smith -RRB- 's character does have a nice moment at the funeral where he tries to make some sense out of all this nonsense and straighten out this ultra-dysfunctional motley crew . Thus it gets two stars instead of one from me . However , the mess that one has to sit through to get to this good part near the end just ai n't worth it . Do n't waste your time.However , the one interesting thing about this film is that it is one of the few films of recent times with a Black cast where race is n't even MENTIONED or bears no relevence to the plot . In fact , this could have easily been done with a White cast . I guess that 's equality when Blacks have just as much opportunity to make bad films as Whites !
 this Film had a Promising Name List but it does n't Make it all the way through.the Jokes just did n't Hit Home for Me Fully.The Story Line was just kinda there.it was n't as Deep as it could have been for Me Personally.Very Average Film Overall .
 I agree with one of the previous reviewers . The plot was very weak . Too often I was left saying to myself `` ok , what 's the point here ? '' I did enjoy certain actors ' ability to take on diverse roles , but when it came to substance ... a needle in a haystack .
 I was definitely turned on by all of the hype before the movie . The commercial previews left me with much anticipation ... LL , Jada , Vivica Fox , Whoopi !!! I could n't wait ! Then I saw the movie ... What happened ? How could they have all of those folks in there and have that movie turn out that way ? All I can really say is that I was truly disappointed and I do n't know who was at fault . I 've seen all of these people in other productions , so I know they can act ... was it the director ? the producer ? Now here 's a good question , Toni Braxton WAS in the movie , right ? So why in the world would they have Jada up there acting like she was singing ?????? I ca n't go on ...
 For a comedy this one feels awfully glum ; perhaps this is because it 's about a funeral , but one gets the impression that it was n't intended to be so dry . Whoopi Goldberg plays the matriarch of an extended family whose members turn inside out when their `` Mean and Surly '' grandfather dies , leaving two sons -LRB- LL Cool J , Anthony Anderson -RRB- to deal with the problems that have divided them for too many years . Viveca Fox -LRB- in a surprisingly disappointing performance -RRB- and Jada Pinkett Smith -LRB- who tries to be charming but ends up going over the top with her role -RRB- play their wives . The film 's best moments come from the very funny Loretta Devine as the ultra religious and highly exasperated aunt whose dresses always match her Bible ; she comes as close as possible to giving this film some good rhythm . Other than that , the film has no real moments of tenderness , no exposition of character depth , nor much payoff in the end . Considering it is Goldberg 's first major role in almost four years , one would hope the writers would have given something meatier to work with .
 In `` The Wood '' `` Get On The Bus '' and `` Soul Food '' the filmmakers was able to balance the comedy with the drama but in `` Kingdom Come '' nuthin works ... One second there is a dramatic reminiscing about the death of an unborn child and in the next Jada Pinkett starts screaming and tries to be funny -LRB- which she definitly is not -RRB- ... I like Jada Pinket in `` Set It Off '' and in `` Jason 's Lyric '' but u find yourself wanting to strangle her character in this movie ... Not even LL COOL J , Vivica A Fox or Whoopie Goldberg can save this movie from being a disaster ... When making this movie they should have chosen either to make a comedy or a drama.The movie is kind of like a 90 minute commercial for the church mixed with Drama and strangled comedy .
 first off , i thought this was going to be a very funny movie , because of all the stars and wonderful people in it such as L.L Cool J , Whoopi Goldberg , Anthony Anderson , my girl Jada Pinkett Smith , Toni Braxton , and a host of others . first of all is was all about them at a funeral . it wasnt that funny and the plot was very weak , we was so excited about this movie when it came out but its not worth it , and i love everybody that was in the movie just not the characters that they played . so i give it a D -
 I would not recommend it .
 This movie sucks and thats all I can say . What a waste of some precious hours of my life that I ca n't get back.I would n't even rate it cos 1 star is rather generous .
 A huge disappointment !! If you are looking for the surreal eroticism and nudity , that was so much a part of the Hammer Vampire movies , this is a complete waste . What I got was 25 minutes of G rated clips , that skillfully avoided the erotic nature of these films .
 It 's almost like the other reviewers that gave this a good rating have seen a different movie . I have several problems with this movie , mostly with the acting and direction.For a zombie movie , I would expect lot 's of special effects and plenty of gory moments , and some ghastly , rotten looking zombies . Unfortunately , whether due to the low budget or the directors lack of balls , this movie does not deliver in this area . The zombies themselves look really stupid for the most part , and not scary or really very zombie like.Here is where we would expect the director to make up for these shortcoming with gripping atmosphere , imaginative dialogue , and nothing less than stellar performances from the acting cast . Unfortunately , the atmosphere is ruined by cheesy synth music , laughable zombies , and lines that could have been written by a 12 year old . The director does little to generate atmosphere , suspense , dread , fear , - it 's all missing.As for the acting , which could have saved this lackluster remake , I wanted to slap these people each time they grinned , chuckled , smiled and generally seemed to be having a laugh . How can you expect your audience to go along with the movie , if the actors ca n't be bothered ? The one possible exception is the character `` Ben '' who is mostly pretty solid.I think that another serious problem , is that the plot is too similar too the original , so there are few surprises , which takes much of the impact out ... there are few surprises when the truck blows up for example . Why could n't they have done something more imaginative , to give it a `` freshness '' factor ? Instead , they opted for `` women can fight zombies too , '' and some type of `` rednecks are as bad as zombies '' ending.I feel patronised !
 Normally I do n't fully enjoy remakes whatsoever mainly because they do n't do the original justice . The plot for this was alright , but I thought that if it was shown through the vision of how the world experiences this event rather than a house full of people , it would have been better . I also would rather that they would 've made a remake of a good movie . The original I thought , was cheap garbage from a director who thinks he can make anything enjoyable . If you feel like wasting your time , see this movie .
 They took everything that was scary and great about the original completely butchered it ! what were thinking?it was just awful , watch the original , do n't punish your eyes by making them watch this piece of garbage !
 I may be the only one who didnt like this movie , and thats fine with it cause people like different kinds of movies . This movie wasnt my fav because It really wasnt very much like the older verison , that one gave me chills , I didnt see it till after I saw this one but I must say the older one was better.The ending was changed which was a part I didnt really understand , he was alone in the basement -LRB- celler -RRB- and he turned to a demon he was never bit or anything and yet he turned to one of the zombies . The older one he was shot cause they though he was a zombie , and they never found him in the celler . The older one was a bit smarter then Tony Todd , I am sorry to say but it is , and if your going to make a remake of a movie wouldnt you want to have the same things ? . . Just try to make it more scarier to people ?
 I think this is the worst remake of any movie of all time . What a piece of garbage . Ca n't come close to original .
 Who would give the green light to this?It is a total remake of the 1968 classic . The only difference is that there is a slight revamp to reflect modern times.Since it mirrors the original then it deserves what the biggest complaint hsould be of it ... it pales in comparison to the original . This was really weird to remake this movie . `` Dawn of the Dead '' was cool b/c it had a new , fresh spin to the story . This has no scares , no atmosphere , no innovations and no riveting performances.Skip this one
 this is one of those movies that you have to ask , `` why remake a movie that did it right the first time !!! buy the 1968 version and forget this one ! skip it !!
 I know that most of you wo n't agree with me.But I just do n't understand how a bad horror film could have such high ratings . Mos people rates it 5 stars probably because of what the critics said
 Buy the DVD , the bluray has a terrible transfer . Everything is tinted a deep blue , which makes the entire movie look like it takes place in a room with very dim lighting . You can especially see it when a white moon shows up as dark smurf blue . I have no financial stake in trying to convince anyone this is a great product , I wo n't even dump my copy on Ebay as its such a poor product . I watched the first half hour , then had to switch to my DVD of this movie because I could n't see at all what was happening in the movie.Shame on Twilight Time for releasing the worst looking bluray in my collection . Buyer beware . Search out the DVD vs Blu comparison screenshots if you need to they 're accurate .
 Comparing to ' 1968 George A. Romero 's version , remake seems banal . That 's the effect of changing the script . After watching the original Night Of The Living Dead watching remake is pointless
 My first real taste of `` The Living Dead '' series was with Dawn of The Dead which I absolutley loved . This sparked my intrest into zombie movies and horror movies in general so when I spotted the remake of Night of The Living Dead I decided to pick it up . At first watch I thought it was alright -LRB- it was partly in denial , and the fact I had never seen the original -RRB- . So then a friend bought me the original and I watched that and I absolutley loved it . So then it brought me back to the remake and upon a second viewing I realized how crappy this remake is.I found it funny how much worse the acting was in the remake than in the original . I mean I figured that a movie made in 1990 could at least be at the same acting as a movie made in 1968 but the remake gets totally blown out of the water . I mean the characters in the remake are so blown out of proportion -LRB- Tony Todd does a good job but that 's about it -RRB- . They overdramatized the drama and the tension to such a ridiculous degree . I mean between Cooper spouting off overly angry stale dialogue -LRB- where did they get the term yo yo 's and why did they have to use like five times in a row , I figured it might have been a term from the 60 's but it 's not even in the original -RRB- , and Judy Rose going into hysterics every time a zombie hits a door I felt my head was about to explode.So I do not reccomend this movie at all , not just because I did n't enjoy that much but for the fact that if you want to watch a good version of this movie just pick up the original .
 No one was more excited than me when I heard that this movie would finally be released on Blu-Ray . `` The Night of the Living Dead 1990 '' is a minor classic , very worthy of cult status and deserving of all of the accolades fans have heaped upon the film since it was released . However , during the twenty plus years since the release of the film never did I hear anyone say `` Gosh , I really love this movie , but why could n't it be much darker and be much more blue in color ? `` Whether or not you wanted it , that is exactly what happened.What used to be an enjoyable , watchable movie has become a dark , murky , hard-to-see blue mess , a travesty of a high defintion transfer foisted on an unsuspecting public by someone that obviously is not a fan of the movie . Is this a case of someone looking for a solution to a problem that did n't exist -LRB- `` Gee , who wants to watch a movie where there is enough light to see everything and there are all of these other distracting colors aside from blue ! '' -RRB- and thought that their solution would be appreciated by fans of the movie , or is it a situation where someone , somewhere , simply did not have a clue to what they were doing ? Seriously , this should have been the easiest thing in the world to do , and they messed it up . Here is what should have happened : Step One
 Virtual scene-for-scene color remake of the 1968 classic , directed by FX wizard Tom Savini . George A. Romero co-wrote the screenplay , but all in all ; apart from being bloodier than the original it is all pretty pointless and boring . I 'm just grateful that they have n't done the same thing to DAWN OF THE DEAD .
 The thing that made the original Night of the Living Dead so great was that it was played straight and the characters was played realistic . This remake adds humor to the story and have the standard naive american view on people as either good or bad . One of the most interesting things with the original was that it showed that the hero became as evil as the monsters he fought against . This remake could be a winner , but turned out to be just another american horror film we do n't care about . It 's not that bad , it 's just ... nothing . We have just seen it hundreds of times .
 I do n't care if those zombies look real or not , this film is n't particularly scary . It 's moderately suspenseful , but has no eerie scenes that raise the hair on the back of your neck . And despite what many others say , I still think the zombies in Day of the Dead are a better looking design then this Night of the Living Dead remake . Most of the problem in this film is the acting . The only one that 's actually good is Tony Todd as the hero , Ben . His character remains mostly calm and cool and tries to help the others with him . However , the rest of the cast I ca n't say much . Patricia Tallman was not bad but also was n't very good . If you want to watch a good zombie movie , watch Dawn and Day of the Dead .
 I bought this and the original . My kids and I sat down to watch the original , and even my 7-year-old daughter got unnerved . But this remake I watched with my fiance . I was really disappointed . The acting was horrendous , and I just do n't understand all the rave reviews on amazon . I have to admit the first 20 minutes are entertaining , but afterwards the cheesiness of the film was n't even a `` cool '' cheesiness . It was annoying . Rent it , but it 's not worth buying in my opinion .
 OK . . I love the original Night of the Living Dead . When I heard there was going to be a remake way back when , I was totally against it . I believe that the first is just as effective as it has ever been . It stands the test of time . Then I heard Tom Savini was going to direct the sequel . This uplifted my spirits . I respect Savini a great deal , and if there is a man who knows zombies as well as Romero and Fulci , it is him . Upon seeing the movie , I was initially impressed . He changed little , and what he did change , was effective . Until , the end ... . I feel that this movie fell victim to what many movie makers of today fall victim to . They do n't want the audience to feel ` bad ' at the end of a movie . They do n't want them to be ` dummed ' out . If you remember the original , everyone dies . That is it . And I love the movie for that . There was no need to change that . Savini put his best foot forward , and made a great movie if considered on its own merit . But compared to the original , give me my Romero .
 Acting = Horrible !! Tony Todd was `` ehhh . . so-so '' but the rest of the cast deserved to be zombie chow for their lack of acting ability in a film that could have been soooooooooo much better !! Add the casting director as well . The only reason I watched it until the end was to teach myself a lesson for buying it , lol . My advice
 I admit that I do n't like horror movies , especially not the horror stereotypes
 Why did Romero do this ? I can not possibly understand why he would let his masterpiece be disgraced . I also do n't understand how anyone could like this garbage . The worst part is that all the characters have been turned into caricatures . There 's no confusion over who 's the good guy and who 's the bad guy . Remember in the original ... Ben got locked out of the house -LRB- with zombies crowding around him -RRB- because Harry Cooper was too frightened to let him in ? No , now he 's locked out because Harry 's trying to steal the gun from the plucky Barbara so he can take potshots at our Heroes . The acting and script have been reduced to the level of a high school play . When the TV anchorman talks about the dead returning to life , he rolls his eyes and makes a goofy face as if to say `` how could ANYONE take this seriously ? '' Barbara weeps with a goofy half-grin on her face , and it seems like all Judy does is scream like a four year old . Everyone seems very self-aware , as if they 've just had acting lessons from the entire cast of the `` Scream '' films . The new ending and additional scenes are just garbage . We get a nice feel-good happy ending . Romero 's original vision of NOTLD as social commentary of the 60s is reduced to this message
 Bad transfer on Blu-ray . The blu-ray transfer is very dark and has a blue tint . Do not waste your money .
 Saw a friend 's copy of this and the difference between the DVD and this bluray is like night and day - pun intended - someone over at Sony when transferring this disc made the entire movie so utterly dark - it renders the disc nearly unwatchable . Granted the film is supposed to take place at night , the new transfer is quite frankly awful .
 When a remake is made of a movie that you enjoyed you go see it no matter what . I wish that were not true . Tom Savini , the make up wizard behind Dawn Of The Dead and other classic horror films takes over the reign of director and try as he might the magic is gone.The movie becomes very politically correct very early and never seems to let up.The premis is still the same . The dead return to life and attack the living . Pat Tallman plays Barbara the heroin who in the first film became almost catatonic a half hour into the film -LRB- people have compared this to what Hitchcock did in Physcho killing off the lead -RRB- . This time however she 's more of a take charge kind of woman and that would be fine if not for the fact that it totally underminds one of the main plot twists . Tony Todd is the only one who comes off well in this film as the hero Ben . He comands the proformance the way that Duane Jones did in the original . The rest of the cast is very forgettable.Remakes have been made befor and have been good -LRB- remember that Ben-Hur was a remake -RRB- this one however fails to live up to even Day Of The Dead the weakest of all the trilogy.I have no problem with this film being remade . There are points of the first one that could be updated and if this movie were in better hands -LRB- John Carpenter , John Landis , Wes Craven or Steve Spielberg -RRB- this could have been a very good remake , instead it seems that Savini was more worried about how it looked than what the final result was.I have heard that a remake of Dawn Of The Dead is in the works and , I 'm sorry to say , I will go see it .
 My absolute FAVORITE horror movie of ALL time is `` Night of the Living Dead '' ... The 1968 , black/white , low budget version . I started watching the 1990 version ` Sci-Fi ' one afternoon , and I did n't stop watching it until it was over ... Why ? It was hilarious ... Plus they had a better zombie movie on afterwards , and I did n't have anything else to do until then ... This movie is despicable compared to the original . From terrible dialogue to terrible themes , this movie is just TERRIBLE ... If you have n't seen the 1968 version , with all enthusiasm from myself , please watch it a.s.a.p. , but never subject yourself to the remake unless you 're either punishing yourself , or you need a good laugh ...
 Are you kidding me ? Tom Savini directed this . The master of special effects gore . This movie should be rated PG except for the language . There is no gore or blood . None . I 'm not kidding . The original was edgier and gorier and that was 1968 ! I bought it because I love zombies and the Romero trilogy and Savini but let 's be honest , the acting was horrible and the gore was nonexistent .
 This movie was very scary watching it for the first time .
 I have not watched yet as i did not know that i cant watch movies from the U.K. here in the states ! Lesson learned . Pass this info on , Please !! I have reordered and am waiting for arrival . I found it in Blue-Ray at a high cost . Only 3000 copies made ! Will put post up when i watch it . Before halloween 2012 .
 < strong > Night of the Living Dead < / strong > -LRB- Tom Savini , 1990 -RRB- Another of those `` I swear I reviewed this back when it came out , but can find no record whatsoever of that review '' reviews . Twenty years later , therefore , I 'm reviewing it again . Film culture has changed almost entirely in those twenty years ; the idea of remaking a classic horror film is now as common in Hollywood as is making a rom-com , and having someone who worked on the original direct is not out of the question . In 1990 , though , that was groundbreaking stuff , and we were all slavering at the bit to see what Tom Savini , who got his start as the make-up guy on the original 1968 production of < em > Night of the Living Dead < / em > , would do with Romero 's updated -LRB- without the assistance of longtime confederate John Russo , who wrote the original novel upon which the first script , by Russo and Romero , was based -RRB- screenplay and a somewhat better-known cast who , unlike the cast of the original , were obviously destined for bigger and better things rather than being friends of the crew -LRB- or , in many cases , the crew themselves -RRB- . I wo n't say it 's totally botched . I would have in 1990 . In fact , I 'm pretty sure I < em > did < / em > in 1990 . Remaking < em > Night of the Living Dead < / em > and making Barbara a strong , intelligent female lead may have made for good press , and in fact the character of Barbara is written quite well -LRB- and brought to life exceptionally by Patricia Tallman , who would go on to fame and fortune in the TV series < em > Babylon 5 < / em > soon after -RRB- . But what you get is ... not < em > Night of the Living Dead < / em > . It 's something else entirely when the major part of Ben 's burden -- looking after a dazed Barbara who is deeply in shock , and was never all that well put-together to begin with -- is taken off his shoulders . He has more time to make good decisions , rather than the stressed-out-but-viable ones he makes in the original film . Only that does n't happen here , and that makes the entire film even less plausible . Well , okay , talking about `` less plausible '' when dealing with a zombie movie is probably stretching it a bit , but come on . Look at the final montage in the original movie , with the rednecks driving around popping zombies . The situation is clearly under control . How did civilization get to the point of the beginning of < em > Dawn of the Dead < / em > ? That question has been nagging at zombie fans for almost half a century , and if anything , the remake makes it even < em > less < / em > plausible that we could get from point A to point B , given that even rednecks could keep this thing under control . But I digress.In case you 've been living in a cave since 1968 , here 's the plot
 As someone who actually received and watched the blu-ray -LRB- and is n't affiliated with Twilight -RRB- , I 'll comment.The start of the movie , the graveyard scene looks tolerable but it starts to darken and get blue once the first zombie arrives . It 's as if the director of photography -LRB- responsible for this ` artistic choice ' -RRB- added a blue tint and dark shade over the opening of the movie to make it seem like nighttime , but forgot to remove that effect once it 's actually night time . Even the moon looks blue -LRB- ! -RRB- 20 minutes into the movie , whereas the same shot at the start of the blu-ray movie shows a white moon -LRB- because the effect had n't started yet -RRB- . By the time Barbara and Ben meet at the house , it 's so dark that for me I had trouble making out the action as well as Tony Todd 's performance ; his face literally disappears in the shades , so much so that if this was the first time you 'd see this movie , you 'd think they could n't light for a black person . It 's that dimmed down.Yes , it was an accident that the opening sequence was shot in full sunlight -LRB- Savini was hoping for a cloudy storm -RRB- , but this contrast was what gave the remake IMO an interesting look . The Twilight Blu-ray seems to want to cover that ` accident ' up by artificially create a different scenario and it simply does not work . In regards to the original -LRB- DVD -RRB- version I found this interesting quote : `` While the day lit cemetery scene was a happy accident , the rest of the cinematography is expert , with the lighting in particular being sublimely plotted . It is all immensely contrived
 Obsolete remake , indeed . From the very beginning this film is a bad joke . The terrible non-stop screaming from the women makes you want to see them become zombie-food as fast as possible . Barbara 's brother in this film is an i.d.i.o.t. , blablaing his text down already in the arriving-scene inside the car . George must have thought
 Have you noticed the credits at the end of every movie letting you know continuity -LRB- how well a plot line or action flows together -RRB- is being done . This film was supposed to have continuity too . In my opinion , this film had problems with this aspect . Being a zombie fan , the remake of Night of the Living Dead is a good film to have in your undead arsenal . The zombies were scary , the action driving and the characters believeable . But continuity problems made the movie appear disjointed -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . For example when Ben arrived at the farmhouse , Barbara was dragged back into the house . Tom 's uncle had just hit the floor a few minutes before . He was conspiciously absent from the hallway then appeared when Barbara picked up the fireplace poker . Did he go back into the kitchen to turn the stove back on after Barbara turned off his burnt bacon ? Another striking scene was at the end when Barbara , armed to the teeth , left an injured Ben in the house . Some key zombies were very close to the house and could have walked in sooner , which could have made more tension and an interesting fight scene , but some of them REALLY took their time to get to the door . It appeared that they were close and then far and then close again . I know zombies are suppose to be slow moving , but not that slow.Sometimes the action and plot flow of a movie can make a difference between a good and great film . Even with continuity problems , I still like this movie . Blooper alert ! Look for the cameraman visible in the kitchen door window when Ben was kicking the crowbar zombie out the door .
 Maybe Savini , who is a horror f/x master will one day get to remake Fulci 's Zombie and instead of having all the Zombies walking on the bridge he 'll have them dancing and skipping as they hold hands . It 's a more Hollywood ending much like his Hollywood ending in this re-make . I 'd expect this from someone outside the genre but not a guy like Savini!I 'm currently fearing the remakes of Texas Chainsaw Massacre and both Dawn and Day of the Dead ! All 3 are getting remade and I fear what will become of these classic films . Re-makes are made for a whole new audience that was n't able to get the thrills of when the original came out or maybe for those who have n't seen the original ! Why re-make a film when you are going to change everything good about it ?
 I could n't believe how bad a zombie movie this was in the hands of the two people most associated with the Living Dead series . Romero 's dialogue is awful , and is n't help by some of the terrible performances -LRB- esp . Tom Towles -RRB- . What I was looking forward to was better special effects than the original due to the bigger budget . The fx sucks . The zombies are boring and the blood looks brownish -LRB- chocolate syrup again ? -RRB- You 'd think with Savini behind the camera , the effects would have played an important role in the film -LRB- ala Chris Walas ' Fly sequel -RRB- . But the zombie 's look like a bunch of drunks . I know that this film had to be cut to get a R rating , but I 've seen much gorier films from the 80s . I watched this movie for the second time after seeing Day of the Dead a few days before , and there 's no comparison between this and Romero 's superior film . And all you people who keep giving this movie 5 stars must have never seen a real horror movie before seeing this snoozefest .
 The Whistle Blower , 1987 filmThe movie begins with a parade in London . Next we see a man being tested with a polygraph -LRB- the so-called `` lie detector '' which only measures emotions -RRB- . We see man in a subway fall under a train . -LRB- Was it a murder designed to look like an accident ? -RRB- `` Taking the bait ? '' Next we see a family gathering . Bob works at GCHQ , they are encouraged to spy on each other . -LSB- Unusual ? -RSB- His father Frank recommends job security . Bob talks too much about his work listening to telephone conversations . -LSB- There were no cell phones in those days . -RSB- Later , Adam is found in his garage with the motor running ? Another accident ? We see how business is done via the old boy network -LRB- its who you know -RRB- . A spy escapes from prison and goes into hiding . Is he safe ? Or is there some trick ? Frank Jones hears very bad news
 `` The Whistle Blower '' -LRB- 1987 -RRB- -LRB- 104 minutes -RRB- is an action/crime thriller , a rather grim British film made rather late in what 's turned out to be Oscar-winner Sir Michael Caine 's long , long , and varied celluloid career . It fits nicely into the older guy vengeance/vigilante school , such as Clint Eastwood 's GRAN TORINO
 Sorry , I could n't buy the ending . Such a loose cannon enters the house of a closely monitored spy , and none the wiser ? Unless ...
 When I slipped `` Someone Like You '' into the machine , I admit I did n't have an open mind . I was predisposed to like the film for several reasons
 I was disappointed because the video noted a directors cut for the movie , which is my favorite selection , but when I try to see it the movie just goes back to main menu . I have always liked the movie but am not happy with the product because there are selections missing .
 If your main objective , is the study of human relationships , social rapports between humans , and conquering and seducing otherpeople , this movie is for you.Not an embarrassing movie , at all , for any of the actors . Just , a nutty story , and enfatuation of the author of the script withpeople , relationships , seduction , etc.This is not to say that the above aspects are unimportant . Not true.Just that , perhaps a movie about such a theme might be more funfor some people than others .
 I was very surprised to play the video and see that it was a bootlegged copy !!! Please do n't use vendors that make illegal copies of videos !!! It therefore receives zero stars .
 Because I 'm not trying to sell you anything , you can trust me when I tell you that , contra the editorial review here , Tony Goldwyn 's * Walk on the Moon * was NOT underrated ; it was OVERrated ... and * Someone Like You * is a mindless waste of your time . The plot concerns a young career woman -LRB- an unnaturally chipper and undernourished Ashley Judd -RRB- who , after getting burned by a fickle lover , concocts a `` New Cow Theory '' that compares men to bulls . The premise is that bulls and men are distressingly alike in preferring variety in their sexual lives . Judd realizes that men might even be BIOLOGICALLY DRIVEN to sow wild oats , just as bulls are . Puzzlingly , the movie makes a very big deal over all this , as if it 's something that has never occurred to anyone . After an hour of convincing us of this cynical truth -LRB- `` okay , okay , we get it , '' we say to ourselves -RRB- , the movie then blithely does an 180-degree switcheroo and refutes its own theory . The mandatory happy ending is slapdash , trite , and worst of all , utterly -LRB- udderly ? -RRB- unconvincing , considering all we 've `` learned '' about human sexuality . I have a question for the ladies out there
 Someone Like You is an example of a truly horrible movie . The movie is based on a premise that men are like bulls and must move from woman to woman just as bulls move from cow to cow , never staying with the same one . The movie is structured around this theme . The great cast features Ashley Judd as Jane , the woman behind the bull and cow theory . She is jilted by Ray -LRB- Greg Kinnear -RRB- , who moves onto another `` cow . '' She moves in with Eddie -LRB- `` Hugh Jackman '' -RRB- for financial reasons . She builds her theory around Eddie . Eddie sleeps with and discards women all the time as if they mean nothing to him . In the end Jane and Eddie get together and pronounce they love each other.This movie is horrible because of Eddie . Actually the writers are to blame . It is established early on that Eddie is a womanizer . Then the movie hints at the reason behind this , showing him encountering his old girlfriend at a yoga class . We sense they have a history and that this may have something to do with why Eddie is the way he is . But we never find out why Eddie ca n't committ to a relationship . Then with a worthless plot point about a miscarriage , Jane supposedly realizes that men are n't the problem , she is . She throws herself at Eddie and we are left wondering why ? He 's just going to use her like all of the other women he has.This movie needed to show some depth to the characters . Most of this movie made no sense because the characters did some of the dumbest things . Besides , if you do watch this movie , you 'll realize how stupid that whole bull and cow theory is . A movie based on a stupid premise can not be saved when that premise is rejected . How can you take a woman like Jane seriously if she believes all men everywhere are like bulls .
 Jane Goodale -LRB- Ashley Judd -RRB- is the talent booker for ` Diane Richards Live ' , a New York talk show that has just been picked up for syndication . Ray Brown -LRB- Greg Kinnear -RRB- has just been hired from a Washington station as the new Producer . Eddie Alden -LRB- Hugh Jackman -RRB- is the writer/director of the show . Jane falls in love with Ray . Ray asks her to move in with him . Ray gets cold feet . Jane develops a theory about cows -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- . Jane becomes Eddie 's roommate . Jane 's attraction to womanizer Eddie grows as she also reconsiders Ray . `` Someone Like You '' is your basic girl-meets-boy-boy-becomes-jerk-can ` t-decide-whether-attractive-womanizer-is-the-right-guy story . We have all seen this story hundreds , if not thousands of times . If `` Someone Like You '' were just that , it would be a pleasant diversion starring attractive actors.Unfortunately , Jane comes up with a theory about cows and their mating rituals . She finds that they are very similar to that of humans . Huh ! Jane is the very young talent booker on a syndicated talk show . How did she become such an expert in biology ? She buys a lot of books at Barnes and Noble and then lays on top of them . You think I 'm kidding.Because the ludicrous ` theories ' that Jane Goodale -LRB- get it ? -RRB- comes up with are referred to repeatedly , they completely undermine any chance that we might have to get to know or believe the characters were real . The theories keep bringing us out of the story.Judd and Jackman are both very attractive and manage to generate some chemistry . Unfortunately , this is one of those stories in which we never see them kiss until the very end . I 'm not really revealing anything here . You can tell this will happen from the very beginning . `` Someone Like You '' is supposed to be a romantic comedy , yet I only laughed a couple of times throughout . Not very successful . It is also a classic example of a ` chick flick ' . However , calling `` Someone ... '' a chick flick is as insulting as calling `` Exit Wounds '' a guy film . Neither film is any good and prescribing them to a particular group only insults that group . More accurately , `` Someone Like You '' is just a bad film . Be careful you do n't step in it .
 I thought that this movie was bad and way too predictable . I do NOT reccommend it !
 Alas , despite the stellar cast , this was a lame and puerile film . But ... I wanted it in my library because , in part , it was shot in one of the penthouses in my building , and I remember the staff being furious when , for an entire day , the service elevator was only occupied by the film crew , equipment , Greg Kinear and Ashley Judd ... all for a couple of minutes of actual screen time . The DVD was in perfect condition , amazing price , fabulous vendor . If this film was not , in fact , shot in YOUR building , I would not go there . At all .
 Quite frankly , I watched this movie for Hugh Jackman , and was rewarded in that endeavor , as he is a spectacular specimen of Hunkus Austrialianus . I really like Ashley Judd as well , although she has never acheived the brilliance she brought to her role in the film `` Ruby in Paradise '' . She seems hell-bent on becomming a `` movie star '' at this point in time.Anyway , this movie was really stupid , the cow & bull theory , what a bunch of , you should excuse the expression , BULL . Everything was dumbed down & stupid to the extreme . Do n't get me started on Ashley 's ridiculous get ups ! My favorite was the strapless daytime dress for the office , give me a break!Everyone in this movie was a cipher . There was no plot , no character development , no romantic chemistry between the lovers , nothing.Ashley Judd appeared so emaciated , that she looked ill , and I do n't mean love sick.It looked like everyone in the movie just showed up to collect a paycheck.However , Hugh Jackman did look FABULOUS in his scivies .
 I fell asleep on this one . Enough said .
 I was warned that this was a bad movie but rented it anyway , figuring that a movie with Ashley Judd , Hugh Jackman , Greg Kinear , and Marisa Tomei could not be all bad . I was wrong , wrong , wrong!The story is disjointed and pointless ; the characters were terribly underdeveloped and shallow . None of them were really very likeable , especially the men.I realize that the movie was from the book `` Animal Husbandry '' but the cow and bull stuff just did not work . The whole movie was just plain excruciating.What also did not work was the love triangle , perhaps because both men were slimy weasels . Who would want either of them , cute though they are?There are many better romantic comedies out there ... unfortunately I can not put this movie into that category .
 In the universe of bad movies , why write a review about this one ? So it 's not `` Citizen Kane '' ... It 's intended to be fluff , ca n't you just enjoy it for what it is ? ... Please hear me out . This is exactly why the modern romantic comedy has become so stale , so dishonest in emotional character , and so not worth watching any more.Let 's all be honest here . The dialogue is lousy , the chemistry between Judd and Jackman non-existant , and the ending is implausible not because it 's `` against the odds '' but because there was no development of the relationship that would leave you to believe that these people actually cared about one another . It 's just not fun . Ashley Judd , who 's done some good work in the past -LRB- no really , see `` Ruby in Paradise '' -RRB- , and who has a really cute , likeable screen presence ca n't really need the money that badly.Really , just do yourself a favor and do n't buy this movie - it 'll only encourage the studios to bang out trite , by-the-numbers , poorly directed , sleep-walk acting filled movies like this . Break the cycle ! Demand better for your hard-earned dollars and maybe the studios will put a little more thought , honesty , and fun into the modern romantic comedy.More reason to put your hard-earned money towards Woody Allen 's `` Annie Hall '' or `` Manhattan '' , or George Cukor 's classic `` Adam 's Rib '' , or even Cameron Crowe 's `` Say Anything '' C'mon , you deserve better than this clunker .
 That was the line uttered by Ashly Judd right before she does a completely absurd cheerleading cheer brought on by the prompting of her womaninzing roommate , Hugh Jackman . Just one of the many , quite funny , but intended to be cute , lines in this movie , which ... was n't very good.BUT HEY !! I knew it was n't going to be good . Y ` see I was staying at a hotel and I love ordering movies , and they just did n't have that much of a selection . So , it was either Enemy at the Gates , a risky watch in my book , or a stupid romantic comedy that I could laugh at.Guess what I picked.So yeah , Ashly Judd is REALLY hot , so that was always nice . She really does have one of the prettiest smiles in the business . But she kept trying to be sort of Meg Ryan goffy and quirky , which became annoying on several occasions . Y' know she 'd act like a five yr old . And I thought the the relationship between Marrisa Tomei and her seemed a little forced . And her big speech on TV at the end was completely ridiculous and anticlimactic . Very unsatisfying . And Ellen Barkin had a totall ridiculous role as well . Her speech about how she wooed her man back though was really great . `` Two pastrami sandwhiches ... lightly toasted . '' Just priceless.So that was the bad stuff , and there was more than that too , but there was , to be fair , some good stuff . Mainly , and you 'll like this Rino , Hugh Jackman . I thought he was great . So much fun to watch . A real prescence . And funny too . He was great as the `` wounded '' womanizing roommate . I liked him more in this than I did in Swordfish . I think because he interacted more with people . Greg Kinnear was okay , but did n't have much to do . Ther were a few funny moments where they talked about the differences between women and men and why men ditch women they 've already banged . So yeah , some of that was funny.But overall ? Bad.C
 I thought this might be worth my time given the fact that it had Jackman , Judd , Kinnear and Tomei in the cast . I was wrong.I found the story to be lame ... just too dependable ... I give them all credit for holding out for the entire film given the script that they were handed . I found it irritating to have to listen constantly to Judd 's ranting about men ... She was involved with a married man HELLO !!!!! ... I find it extremely irritating that someone , like her character , who apparently can not find someone who is unattached would call every man a waste because the one who she is currently sleeping with will not , for whatever reason , get a new life with her . She needs the reality check , not her dull and duller boyfriend.Tomei was right when she tells Judd 's character that it seems to be always about her . I would second that.It became immediately apparent to me even before Tomei made the comment.I am pleased that Jackman apparently has moved on to other things , e.g. SWORDFISH etc. where he can do some serious acting because this one , and KATE AND LEOPOLD , do not qualify in my book ...
 After hearing a lot of good reviews about this movie , I expected it to at least be a somewhat entertaining chick flick . Although I laughed several times at some of Jane 's theories about men , there was n't enough comedy to keep me interested . Plus , the romantic parts were below average and the ending was disgustingly sappy . Both of the men in this movie were slimeballs -LRB- one was cheating on his girlfriend with Jane , the other slept with a different girl each night -RRB- . There are a few redeeming qualities ; for instance , Ashley Judd is a decent actress-she seems more down to earth than many other actresses out there . However , there is little that can save this movie-the plot is cliche and not very funny . The DVD also is lacking when it comes to extra features-it only has a few lame extended scenes and an alternate ending that is even mushier than the original ending . If you want a good romantic comedy , try Bridget Jones Diary , You Got Mail or My Best Friends Wedding . Skip this one .
 Saw the film because , to date , have enjoyed all this Judd 's films . Big disappointment.The opening of the film was promising . Thought I would be entertained with the `` cow '' theory . But the film went flat quickly and much time was spent bashing men -LRB- and their inability to be faithful to - or even desire only - one -RRB- throughout the film . 5-10 minutes of this would have been enough . But an entire film resting solely on this theme gets old.She 's beautiful and interesting to watch on film , but even a date with a great man ca n't make up for this miss . I found myself cringing with each line and new scene dedicated to exploring this premise.The previews looked interesting , and like many comprise the only slightly funny moments in the film.I did enjoy the soundtrack , however ...
 Someone Like You is a romantic/comedy . It starts off with Jane -LRB- played by Miss Judd -RRB- is a booking agent for a television talk show . She is having relationship problems because her boyfriend , Ray -LRB- played by Greg Kinnear -RRB- does not want to commit to the relationship . So Jane and Ray break-up . Jane then decides to move in with one of her co-workers just to get even at her ex-boyfriend . Jane 's co-worker , Eddie -LRB- played by Hugh Jackman -RRB- is a self-proclaimed wommanizer ; who enjoys dating women for casual sex . Both Jane and Eddie live peacefully , together in seperate rooms and each minds their own business . Eddie continues to seriel date lots of strange women throughout the movie and Jane feels lonely , depressed and bitter about her relationship break-up . She then thinks she stumbled onto a good theory about why men are dogs ... er actually like bulls and cows . Yes , humans are like bovines acording to this movie 's theory -LRB- bulls will mate with several different cows , but not the same one -RRB- . Does this sound romantic to you ? Does it sound funny ? It 's neither romantic nor funny . Because the characters in this movie do n't have good chemistry together . They barely seem to relate to each other on friendly terms . A good portion of the movie goes to Ashley Judd who has that wacked-out theory and the rest is about her being depressed . Hugh Jackman acts like a friend towards her but is n't romantic or sexual about it . When both characters realize they love each other at the end of the movie , you 'll be scratching your head wondering `` WHY ? '' there was very little character development in this whole movie . The only redeeming value is watching two attractive and popular actors working in the same movie . This movie is as bad as JLO 's and Ben Affleck 's `` Gigli '' . The DVD contains deleted scenes and an alternate ending which is not very different from the other one . There are so many other better romantic comedies out there . You should just skip this one .
 If your main objective , is the study of human relationships , social rapports between humans , and conquering and seducing otherpeople , this movie is for you.Not an embarrassing movie , at all , for any of the actors . Just , a nutty story , and enfatuation of the author of the script withpeople , relationships , seduction , etc.This is not to say that the above aspects are unimportant . Not true.Just that , perhaps a movie about such a theme might be more funfor some people than others .
 It 's sad in a way , that the movie 's this bad , because it should n't be . The stars are likeable . Production values are good . There are a few witticisms.But right underneath are some really nasty ideas , all of them hugely sexist in that `` men are evil '' way that gives chick flicks a bad name and should offend anyone who sees them.The plot of `` Someone Like You '' is simple
 I picked this because of Hugh and Ashley . Greg i figured would be the middle guy in this triangle . Ummmm ok next time more Hugh , less Greg and Ashley could be less shrewish . I hated seeing her like that . And how is she in love with Hugh all of a sudden ? yes others have said that , glad to see I was n't the only one thinking `` hugh '' where did that come from , even though we knew it would be there but come on ! Even the obvious has some relationship development . And why did he get all mad at the end ? Bizarre !
 I do n't like to brag , but I 'd like to think that I 'm a pretty good judge of movies and whether they 're good or not . I was n't expecting a blockbuster of a movie , or anything , but MY GOODNESS , this movie was awful ! One could ask themselves , `` What 's wrong with this movie ? '' But the answer itself is the very broad question , `` What is n't ? '' Ashley Judd plays strong , sexy women very well , but she does NOT convince me when she plays a character whom is heart-broken and borderline desperate.Not only is Judd 's character not believable , the actual plot pertaining to men behaving like cows who need many `` places '' to plant their seeds is just stupid . There are about a million and a half romantic comedies that are better than this , and I recommend all of them wholeheartedly over this joke of a film.Watch A Walk to Remember instead . Although not the best movie ever , it 's a heck of alot better than this drivel .
 This movie was not promising from the beginning . You know when Marisa Tomei , who reminds me of a Female-Italian Woody Allen wannabee , begins analyzing yet another relationship dynamic . Now she has enlisted the help of 21-forever Ashley Judd . Of course it is Ashley who comes up with this new-age bunk that becomes the `` bible of the month '' to women who always seems to get dumped on . I got a good one for you women . Date a man uglier than you and he will be faithful forever.Ashley Judd plays Jane Goodale -LRB- not the one that saves the monkey -RRB- , a self absorbed TV booker for a tabloid talk show a-la Sally Jesse Raphael . She seems to have things going well in her life , when she meets Ray Brown , a loveable guy who is new the job . He 's in a three year relationship but of course it is ho-hum . So he initiates an relationship with Jane and they get hot and heavy . Two months later -LRB- although in the movie it is more like 4 minutes -RRB- , they move in together . But nay ... Ray gets cold feet and runs back to his sweetie.This leaves Jane in a bind and heartbroken . She has given her notice -LRB- and in NYC you 're screwed if you do that ... trust me -RRB- and is forced to roomie with the company playboy/badboy/chauvenistic pig . The pig -LRB- or bull -RRB- is Eddie Alden , played by Hugh Jackman who looks like a cross between Tim Daly/Wayne Gretzky and Scott Baio and he is the little playboy , seemingly picking up all the sleazy women . This of course infuriates the hurt Jane and she focuses her thoughts on why guys leaves women . Hence her `` new cow '' theory . Her theory goes like this ... Men are the bull and women are the cows . The bull will shack up with the new cow , but once he has spread his seed , he will look for the `` new cow '' and never touch the now `` old cow '' . I guess this is one of Darwins theory of evolutions brought to mainstream pop culture/new age.Of course , the roomies become closer and the inevitable begins to happen . Jane 's article which appears in a magazine makes her the talk of the town and she finds happiness with the man she thought she would never want to hook up with ... This movie stank on all levels . First , the psychology makes no sense . They throw some dubious facts and call it reality . This `` new cow '' theory I guess would make no sense in places like Asia , where the divorce rates are less than 10 % . I guess half the Americans who live monogamously would find this bunk laughable , as would those men who want to be monogamous . What about `` new bull '' syndrome ? Do n't cows also leave bulls to be with other bulls ? Give me a break.Even worse than this silly theory/philosophy is the script . Jane is given a little treatment and we do feel a little sympathy for her blindness -LRB- cause we all probably did a `` Goodall '' once in our lives -RRB- , but her relationship with Ray is passed over so quickly , that many of my friends agreed that Jane and Ray never developed a bond with each other . I mean , in the couple of scenes , they have sex and BOOM , they move in together !? The other failed relationship is between Jane and Eddie . They pretty much stay out of each other 's hair . She hates Eddie for the way he is , because he proves her theory right , but there should be at least a little sexual tension or flirting right ? Nothing . They just kiss at the end because the script called for it . I did n't even know that they were in to each other at that point.This movie attempts to be a Sex in the City , but it is contrived and never develops into anything . I know that this was based on a book , but if the book is anything like this stinky movie , I would recommend that you try something better ... like Chocolat ... Rating
 This movie just did n't connect with me that well . It had some pretty funny parts , but is was just a little too crazy/weird for me . The ending was a little too unrealistic for me as well . I think the actors did well with what they were given .
 I loved this movie.I was very disappointed when i watched it on dvd . # 1 . it 's not in letterbox , i guess i should have looked more carefully at the description but when is the last time you saw a semi-recent movie on dvd that did n't have a letterbox version ? # 2 . the quality , it looks almost as if someone just pointed a camcorder at a tv and recorded it and then threw it on dvd . # 3 . extras - there are none , there is nothing on this dvd but the movie.i was so bummed i did n't even watch the whole thing . this is the first dvd i have bought that was a letdown .
 I 've been looking for the widescreen DVD of this film to add to my collection . Although this product was listed as widescreen , it was not . Still a good flick , but out of place in my collection ...
 The movie is great , for all the reasons others have stated . My rating and review are specifically about the bare-bones DVD that it comes on.You get
 Everyone is correct , the movie is a great movie . The problem is in the Amazon descriptions , or lack thereof . This movie has been EDITED ! I ca n't understand why , it was a good wholesome movie in the first place . Amazon should make this information more prominent . We watched the movie and that was how we found out it was edited ... what a waste of money . I wo n't buy anymore movies from Amazon .
 This particular movie is terrible , in my opinion . Just is not my kind ofmovie . Very bland .
 I had this DVD for a while , and thought I 'd come here and comment on how awful the transfer is . I 've seen better quality on normal TV without a cable/sat . Connection . The picture is extremely dark in the hospital scene in the beginning . Then there is a lot of grain and I 've seen wood with less grain . The grain makes the scene even darker then it should be . Then when he 's out of the hospital and on the road , the grain is still very noticeable . I love the movie , but this DVD is just horrible . Sadly there are n't any features on the disc either , so buying the VHS is so much better if you actually like this movie.Transfer 0.5 / 5Audio 3/5Features 0/5I really hope that the studio that released this film decides to re-release it and do a better job at it . It 's not even worth the cheap price .
 This is not a jab at Amazon , as Doc Hollywood is NOT available from Warner Bros. in anything other than full-screen , but how any studio can continue to sell full-screen-ONLY DVDs is beyond me . It 's unforgivable . I wo n't even go into the inconvenience of the Warner snap-cases . I mistakenly read the specs and bought -LRB- and returned -RRB- this movie . If you expect to keep your 4:3 SD television for the next 10 years , and do n't mind that you 're missing about 1/3 of the original shot , then here 's the movie for you . I really enjoy this movie , but I will not buy a 4:3 movie that was n't shot originally in this format . As of Feb. 2009 , standard analog -LRB- and I hope most 4:3 content -RRB- will migrate to widescreen/HD TV . All movies should offer a widescreen option . This , in my opinion , is the only positive outcome of the Blu-ray/HD-DVD conflict ... but that 's another story .
 WHEN I RECEIVED MY FIRST `` DOC HOLLYWOOD DVD '' I WAS UNABLE TO HEAR THE MOVIE , THEN I REQUESTED TO HAVE IT REPLACE AND WHEN I GOT IT THE 2ND TIME IT WAS THE EXACLY THE SAME PROBLEM . SO I RETURNED AND REQUESTED MY MONEY BACK , SORRY I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS SELLER .
 This DVD has a very poor transcription of the original . It 's either been poorly scanned from a very dirty print of the 16mm film version , or scanned from the VHS . I suspect the latter as the colors are washed out , and the film shows the ` Do not pirate this video tape ' warning after the film . I might even be tempted to think this has not been produced by the studio as the DVD menu looks like it was made in iDVD on a Mac.The only plus side is that the film is the full content , including the scenes that are omitted from the TV broadcast version .
 i liked the film good story fun bunch of colorful people , but now the down side the bad nudity for one & lauguage for another . minus those things it 's a great picture , when i saw it on television i love it the edited version aka airline cut so if you get a chance to see on tv than i recommend doing so personally i think that 's the way it should have been released in movie houses in the first place . but if you still want this version i 'd recommend that people over the age of 13 can see this . parents may want to view this film first before letting your family watch this . i know i 'm old fashioned but it better to be safe than sorry if you know i mean . i would actually buy the edited version of this one .
 I was disappointed with the nudity in the movie -- I guess the version I had originally seen and enjoyed was edited for tv -- I had to throw the dvd I bought in the trash -- guess I need to be more careful about what I buy .
 I thought I was purchasing the special edition of Pinocchio -- at least , that was the picture of the dvd that was on the website . What I got was a Korean version . I got my money back .
 Wrote to ask if movie was in italian or english ... opened to see after no reply . . will not play in our DVD so going to try a brand new one my daughter has . If works and is in English we will keep it . If it in Italian or it does not work in their dvd we will be sending it back.Stewart Schofield
 `` Pinocchio '' was n't my uber-favorite Disney movie when I was little . I liked it , but I was not into it as much as I was `` The Lion King '' from 1994 . Back in 2009 , when I heard it was going to be released on a `` Special Edition '' DVD , I was happy and wanted to get it , mainly because I wanted to see it again and relive my younger childhood . This review is not on the movie itself . `` Pinocchio '' is one of Disney 's best works and made it what it is today . It is now my favorite movie and I have seen it many times . This review is on its somewhat mediocre `` 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition . `` I must admit , the picture and restoration look a little bright , but it looks the same when the movie was released to VHS in the ' 90 's . While the restoration looks okay , it 's not spectacular.Now , on to the special features : On Disc 1 , you wo n't find any games to play , except a trivia game called , `` Pinocchio 's Matter of Facts . '' This might sound fun , but the one disappointment that comes out of this , is that it can only be played during the film . Wo n't it get distracting trying to play this game when you 're trying to watch the movie ? The second good thing in this disc is the `` When You Wish Upon a Star '' music video . That 's about it.As for Disc 2 , its quality and content is as bland as the first one , with some exceptions , but it 's still not good enough . There is only one game on this disc , an interactive jigsaw puzzle game , narrated by Jiminy Cricket himself . While being entertaining , at least , it just shows pictures of the movie that `` magically '' turn into video clips . There is nothing exciting , special or unique about it.Although , this two disc set has its exceptions , like the movie , music video , etc. , it 's not that interesting at all . It 's almost lacking in content for kids and adults , and most of it is bland and boring . If you want to see `` Pinocchio '' again for the first time in years since you were little , get this set JUST to see the movie . All I have to say is , Disney , keep trying . This `` Platinum Edition '' of my favorite movie is zero to none .
 I was sent a DVD that does n't work in my DVD player it says wrong region . I want to know why they think this is acceptable . Now I 'm stuck with a movie I ca n't watch .
 As others have mentioned , I bought this as a Christmas gift only to find that it will not work in either of my Blu Ray players . It states that it is region B2 but I must have overlooked it -LRB- honestly , I did n't think to check since I was ordering through the USA site -RRB- . We are stuck with a great movie that we ca n't even watch .
 This was undoubtedly Disney 's finest work , however the 1999 `` Gold Edition '' of Pinocchio is a disappointment . Not only was this transfer taken from unrestored film elements but they optically enlarged the picture to fill a 16:9 HD screen . By changing the original 1.33:1 aspect ratio to 1.85:1 , they managed to cut off the top and bottom of the picture , resulting in a very grainy image.With no extras other than the original theatrical trailer , my question is
 I love Pinocchio . I was so excited to hear it was being released on DVD . Heck , I was happy just to hear any classic Disney animation was going to be finally released on DVD . However , what disappoints me is that this DVD seems to be thrown together without any extra effort put in it to make it special . The DVD version is not in widescreen -LRB- like the laserdisk versions are -RRB- and it is missing `` the making of '' that is found on the VHS version . Why are these things missing and why are we paying more for the DVD version without any of the extras practically found on all other DVDs ?
 I would review the movie just the DVD ! First of all there are no making of , storyboard , production notes or any extra features ! The only extra feature you get with this DVD is the trailer ! Oh , did I mention that the DVD has beautiful picture on it ! Rent it first , then buy at Disney outragous price that they want for this DVD ! Just watch later on Disney will reissue it -LRB- and the others in their collection with all the extras this DVD lack ! If you want those extra features stick with the studios Disney owns ! They are Miramax , Dimension , Hollywood Pictures , Touchstones Pictures , ABC network , Anchor Bay and Walt Disney Pictures ! I hope this info helps others looking for disney movies other than the animated movies !
 I bought this disk for my daughter 's birthday and she was heartbroken when we sat down to watch only to discover that this is actually a DVD imported from England and therefore will not play on a standard American DVD player . No where in the description does the seller mentioned that this disk is imported and will not work in the US . I love the movie but save yourself the disappointment and find another seller .
 I 'll admit , I mistakenly bought this item without reading all the details , which I rarely do . I knew nothing about different codes for different areas -LRB- stupid BTW -RRB- . I paid a sensational amount for shipping thinking I was still getting a decent deal . The product showed up as advertised , albeit I felt the seller was a bit deceitful by not highlighting that this disc is not compatible with US DVD/Bluray players . I attempted to contact the seller to return the item a month ago and have n't received a response . That 's bad business and deserves a 1 rating on ethics alone . Do n't get duped by this seller . You wo n't be able to get your money back .
 I bought this blu-ray thinking that it worked on American players , because I am on the amazon usa . However , the seller using Amazon to process their orders is sending blu-rays from England . They do not state that it is imported anywhere on description and that it will not play on American blu-ray players !
 I am so upset right now ! this DVD does not play on my regular DVD player . The cover of the DVD is printed in Italy , the DVD comes and was shipped from Italy . I wanted the English version , as of now , i do not know if the DVD 's audio is in English or Italian because it does n't work AT ALL . Maybe if i was leaving in Italy would work but for some unknown reason this is a bad purchase , i DO NOT RECOMMEND this DVD at all ! i was looking forward to get it on the mail for such a long time , i was excited to put this movie on for my toddler boy , since i know Pinocchio sends a positive message to children , and that 's why i feel so frustrated that this seller is knowingly putting this out for sale . Amazon needs to make arrangements with sellers like this one ! too bad , i know i wont get my $ back and neither my son could watch his movie ! DECEPTION !!!
 didnt watch this/returned it for a refund / this was in italian notthe english copy i ordered . / i could n't watch it / i 'll re-order another movie so as i do like this movie
 Will return it - did not realize it was not in English until Christmas morning when I tried to play it for my son and got message not compatible in this region ?
 It turned out to be a Region 2 DVD and would not play on my Blu-ray Player . I had looked at so many before I bought it I must have not looked , or it was n't posted .
 I purchased this movie for my son -LRB- 6yrs -RRB- and the add stated that the DVD was in excellant shape . We played it once and noticed some sound problems but when went to play this again the sound was horrible . I sent an email to Amazon and received no response . I would like to get a replacement but I do not know how to go about this as I no longer have any information on the person who actually sent it to me.For the most part I have had good luck buying from Amazon but this was a terrible purchase and we are very dissapointed .
 This version of Pinocchio was in Italian ! No where in the discription does this item indicate that it is the Italian version ! Now I have to send it back to Italy for a refund ...
 well , this was not a real Disney copy of the movie . Plays fine . But for the price I expected a authentic Disney copy
 I did NOT read anywhere in your write-up that this DVD was in Italian . I wrote to the seller and asked if it could be used in the U.S. and he said it could just change the regional or country code . -LRB- But you have to have an `` all regional '' player to be able to use it that I did not know at the time . -RRB- So , I opened it and it did not work so now I am stuck with a product that we can not use . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNLESS YOU HAVE AN `` AND ALL REGIONAL PLAYER '' so you can change the region .
 While Pinocchio may be considered one of Disney 's classics , some of the scenes/content in this older animation would not be shown or considered appropriate in today 's children 's movies . Gepetto is shown smoking in bed . Many of the characters smoke . Young boys are brought -- as a treat -- to a place where they can smoke , `` drink '' -LRB- something frothy like beer or root beer -RRB- , and act very destructively as much as they want . The boys are tricked into thinking this is a fun place to go but are turned into donkeys and sold to work in mines -- never again to see their families . In the end , old Gepetto does get his wish . Pinocchio is a real boy . And old Gepetto gets to share his bed with the young boy . While all such scenes could be used for discussing appropriate behavior , I would n't recommend showing this movie to children . I made the mistake of showing this to my 4 and 2 yr olds . This is one those films I wo n't show over and over .
 This dvd has close captioning which can not be taken off which is distracting to the kids . It would appear that this is n't an original copy .
 As a child I grew up loving Pinocchio . I loved the story and the movie . But as an adult I have had time to reevaluate this story and it 's effect on our children . This movie contains too much violence and way too much fantasy for our children to handle . With all of it 's fluff and happy themes , how can you show this to our children when there is so much suffering in the world ? I think its grossly unfair to the children of other countries who are dying of starvation or war for our own children to enjoy something so blatently moralizing . I believe that there are some religious undertones in the story as well that should have been kept in check . Please , for our children 's sake and future , avoid this harmful film .
 This certainly is not one of my favorite Disney movies . I just really did n't get in to the movie I guess but then I never really cared for this Fairy Tale either.The voice actors are good and the scenery , and colors are great . But for some reason this one really just did n't hit home for me .
 I WANT THOSE TWO HOURS OF MY LIFE BACK !! this is so NOT a Disney classic , even though everyone seems to think so ! DO NOT SEE IT !! YOU WILL DIE !!
 if you honestly , seriously , loved your kid , and wanted him to be safe and not expose him to innappropriate stuff , this should not be shown to him . This DVD/VHS is chock full of useless stupid nonsense that I never liked . I think that if you wanted to watch something educational , watch some presidential speech . . or rugrats . . none of these new age cartoons or old age cartoons such as this . '' i want to be a real boy '' . Well , for one you ca n't talk in real life , and , nobody loves you enough for oyu to be real . This video was never one of my favorites , but instead i 've always hated it in heart . If I could put a penny on every stupid line said in this movie , I would be richer than mr.gates . This thing has horrible acting , unbelievable bad singing , and it hurts me to watch it . . knowing that people actually encourage kids to watch this . I for one think if blood and groteskness is innappropriate for their kids , this is much much worse . This and the little mermaid . . basically really all the older disney films . If you other people can recall , on the old L.M. VHS box , there was a . . Long ... golden . . figure in the background of the castle . Remember ? That just shows how uncalled for this is , and how all this money thats being made is going tot he wrong people ... . over at disney . . Avoid this film , and L.M. at all costs!Sincerely from the heart of , Me.Alex .
 I bought this &#34; new &#34; on amazon and when it was delivered I could tell it had been repackaged . Not only that but the plastic circle the holds the dvd into the case was broken for BOTH cds , and the dvd had scratches all over it . I would n't even consider this &#34; like new &#34; Of course , the movie is still a wonderful classic .
 I 've seen this movie , it 's great , however the item I thought I purchased was NOT the item I received . I am still waiting for a refund or an exchange . -LRB- the movie I received is formatted for European DVD players , not USA -RRB-
 No where does it state that the DVD will not play in my region . I bought a DVD in America , it should work on my DVD player . The same with the bluray from MovieMars , it wo n't play because it 's not available in my country . What in the world !!?
 The movie is okay , it 's the video I 'm talking about.The 1993 video edition of `` Pinocchio '' has been ruined by an advertisment for `` The Nightmare Before Christmas '' that comes before the video and this is the reason why . Before some scenes from `` The Nightmare Before Christmas '' are shown , the advertisment begins with the announcer saying , `` From the beginnning , Walt Disney established a tradition of inovation , from the world 's first full length animated motion picture `` Snow White & The Seven Dwarfs '' -LRB- which is okay because it shows how making Disney movies began -RRB- , to the new photographic technices introduced in `` One Hundred And One Dalmations '' -LRB- which also is n't bad either because I kind of liked that movie -RRB- , the combination of animation and live action in `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' -LRB- which is the flaw I am talking about because `` Who Framed Roger Rabbit '' was sort of a bastardization to Disney . It had to much Warner Brothers mixed with Disney . They could have shown a scene from `` Pete 's Dragon '' to explain a combination of animation and live action instead -RRB- and the dazzling use of computer technology in `` Beauty And The Beast '' -LRB- which is good because that one was okay -RRB- . And besides , the part where they mention `` The Nightmare Before Christmas '' is creepy and disturbing . I creeps me out . Oh , and one more thing , an other trailer for `` Aladdin '' is very bland . Not as good as the original theatrical trailer for `` Aladdin '' on my `` 101 Dalmations '' video . If you like Walt Disney 's Pinocchio '' , do n't get this edition . Get the 60th Anniversary Edition of this movie of Ebay . The 60th Anniversary Edition of this movie of Ebay . The 60th Anniversary Edition has the same pristine quality from the rerelease of this movie in 1992 that this 1993 edition has.Like I said , avoid the ad on this edition and order the 60th Anniversary Edition .
 I recently ordered the Pinocchio 2-Disc 70th Anniversary Platinum Edition blu-ray/dvd , and it did NOT come with a slip cover , just the basic blu-ray case . All the other Disney blu-ray 's I ordered on Amazon came with nice metallic slip covers , EXCEPT this one . I 'm almost 100 % certain I have seen this item sold in stores with a slip cover . Why not here ? I 'm considering returning it , as I have not opened it yet .
 This is really the pits . Disney could easily put a few little `` extras '' on these DVD releases , like `` the making of ... '' , interviews , etc. . But all we get is the bare movie . This sucks . How much more could it cost to add these extras ? Virtually every other DVD released nowadays has added features . Shame on you , Disney .
 i hate this movie and the cricket gave me nightmares as a child but it is classic disney and i am making a collection forget letting your kids watch this
 The one I bought at a premium price was advertised as being new and sealed . It was from an affiliated store with Amazon.com The seller went by at least 3 different names and one was ? `` Milano '' . What I rec 'd was a pirated piece of junk . When I complained , the crook said he made a mistake and would replace the video but that I should not tell Amazon that I had been sent junk . I never did get the promised video from that crook and so I stopped ordering anything outside the Amazon.com system for a long time and I still do not like the idea of ordering outside the system . I guess the only good thing to come from this is that the pirating crook did not get ahold of my credit card info because he probably would have stollen my identity and run up my bill .
 It looks more like a VHS transfer than an actual serious release . Where 's widescreen ? If you want to collect it since it will disappear , then go for it . Some day in the future Disney will re-release it again with all the goodies . Until then , this is Disney 's chance to make back the money lost with Divx .
 Pinocchio is one of my favorite movies and my children love it as well . What a gift it was to get it on DVD ! But upon putting it in the player today , found out that the Prince of Egypt was actually on it . The cover and holder showed Pinocchio . This was a very sad mistake by Buena Vista Home Entertainment .
 I 've always hated this movie , not due to it 's `` violent and disturbing content '' but because of it 's bad acting and pure stupidity . This movie is a children 's movie , anyone who complains that it 's too scary and violent for kids is out of thier minds and are being way too uptight -LRB- people like this are the reason why anime is so butchered when it comes to the States ! -RRB- . But that 's not what I 'm here to talk about , I 'm here to talk about how bad this movie is . It 's voice actors are n't that good , the wooden boy has equally wooden acting , and the ending of the movie made no sense whatsoever ! Come on Disney ! Explain to me why Pinoccio suddenly drowns at the end of the movie when earlier on the was walking at the botton of the ocean talking to the fish without any indication that he needs air to live in the first place ?! It was just plain stupid , a move to make the viewers feel bad for the little hero , when his death makes no sense !
 Do n't believe the item was authentic . Then when I contacted the vendor to return I never got a response . This was a gift and not only was I embarrassed I lost my money . This will make me hesitant to order from another vendor .
 Pinocchio , yes . . one of Disney 's better films before the organization went bad . The video is not bad , but I do not agree with the organization .
 I 've enjoyed a lot of classics by Walt himself - Dumbo , Bambi , 101 Dalmatians , Lady and the Tramp etc. . But I just can not bring myself to like Pinocchio . I 'm sorry , but it looked like was made for babies , or four or five year olds at the most . Although , even at the age of five , I found it too childish . I 've heard some reviewers say that this film is quite dark , but I just can not believe that ! Firstly , they tried too hard on the animation . It was far too saturated . The colour is all screwed up . The acting is poor . The only good well-developed character is Jiminy Cricket . The other characters are very underdeveloped , so I did n't really care what happened to them . They made Pinocchio really sickly sweet , and I did n't feel for him , he was just annoying . The plot is ridiculous . It was just Pinocchio and Jiminy running into one problem after another . Oh , and the donkey scene is not disturbing - it 's just plain stupid!All in all , Pinocchio is only of interest to VERY young children . Otherwise , do not waste your money . If you want a good family film , rent Amblimation 's ` Balto ' instead .
 That 's right , you heard me ! I hate this movie ! I used to give it two stars , or maybe even three , but over time it just got worse to me.One of the many misunderstandings about this film is that it is a kids ' movie ... when I was a little kid , I found it quite scary , depressing , and even disturbing -LRB- the scene where the boy turns into a donkey still sends shivers up my spine -RRB- . However ... . Jiminy Cricket should 've won an Oscar ! He is the true heart and soul of the film . He is very , very funny !!! Some might say that Pinocchio is the best . But he comes off as an idiotic little brat/punk . And supporting Oscar to Cleo the cat ! He 's awesome ! I hate the goldfish , however!All those who say this is one of Disney 's best
 It was n't clear this could not be played on a VCR in the US . that was in the small print
 The DVD came to our home quickly but it was the incorrect version . Since this was the second time I tried to buy this DVD , I checked on the information provided to make sure it was in the right region . It did n't say region 2 as some of the other DVDs for said so I assumed that it was the correct region . When it came , it was region 2 which we ca n't use in the USA .
 Bought this as a gift for my niece and wo n't play in many types of DVD players . Might be burned copy from original ?
 I thought this film was so bad that I wanted to spray my VCR with Lysol when it was over ! YECCH ! This `` comedy '' deals with a very unlikeable and unappealing family 's events surrounding the death of their equally unlikeable father . Sounds like a real knee-slapper , right ? Yes folks , it 's as funny as it sounds as 99 % of the characters are incredibly annoying to watch and are almost to a one without redeeming qualities . Bitter old women , trifling and lazy men , bratty kids , ad nauseum.BUT - LL Cool J -LRB- James Todd Smith -RRB- 's character does have a nice moment at the funeral where he tries to make some sense out of all this nonsense and straighten out this ultra-dysfunctional motley crew . Thus it gets two stars instead of one from me . However , the mess that one has to sit through to get to this good part near the end just ai n't worth it . Do n't waste your time.However , the one interesting thing about this film is that it is one of the few films of recent times with a Black cast where race is n't even MENTIONED or bears no relevence to the plot . In fact , this could have easily been done with a White cast . I guess that 's equality when Blacks have just as much opportunity to make bad films as Whites !
 this Film had a Promising Name List but it does n't Make it all the way through.the Jokes just did n't Hit Home for Me Fully.The Story Line was just kinda there.it was n't as Deep as it could have been for Me Personally.Very Average Film Overall .
 I agree with one of the previous reviewers . The plot was very weak . Too often I was left saying to myself `` ok , what 's the point here ? '' I did enjoy certain actors ' ability to take on diverse roles , but when it came to substance ... a needle in a haystack .
 I was definitely turned on by all of the hype before the movie . The commercial previews left me with much anticipation ... LL , Jada , Vivica Fox , Whoopi !!! I could n't wait ! Then I saw the movie ... What happened ? How could they have all of those folks in there and have that movie turn out that way ? All I can really say is that I was truly disappointed and I do n't know who was at fault . I 've seen all of these people in other productions , so I know they can act ... was it the director ? the producer ? Now here 's a good question , Toni Braxton WAS in the movie , right ? So why in the world would they have Jada up there acting like she was singing ?????? I ca n't go on ...
 For a comedy this one feels awfully glum ; perhaps this is because it 's about a funeral , but one gets the impression that it was n't intended to be so dry . Whoopi Goldberg plays the matriarch of an extended family whose members turn inside out when their `` Mean and Surly '' grandfather dies , leaving two sons -LRB- LL Cool J , Anthony Anderson -RRB- to deal with the problems that have divided them for too many years . Viveca Fox -LRB- in a surprisingly disappointing performance -RRB- and Jada Pinkett Smith -LRB- who tries to be charming but ends up going over the top with her role -RRB- play their wives . The film 's best moments come from the very funny Loretta Devine as the ultra religious and highly exasperated aunt whose dresses always match her Bible ; she comes as close as possible to giving this film some good rhythm . Other than that , the film has no real moments of tenderness , no exposition of character depth , nor much payoff in the end . Considering it is Goldberg 's first major role in almost four years , one would hope the writers would have given something meatier to work with .
 In `` The Wood '' `` Get On The Bus '' and `` Soul Food '' the filmmakers was able to balance the comedy with the drama but in `` Kingdom Come '' nuthin works ... One second there is a dramatic reminiscing about the death of an unborn child and in the next Jada Pinkett starts screaming and tries to be funny -LRB- which she definitly is not -RRB- ... I like Jada Pinket in `` Set It Off '' and in `` Jason 's Lyric '' but u find yourself wanting to strangle her character in this movie ... Not even LL COOL J , Vivica A Fox or Whoopie Goldberg can save this movie from being a disaster ... When making this movie they should have chosen either to make a comedy or a drama.The movie is kind of like a 90 minute commercial for the church mixed with Drama and strangled comedy .
 first off , i thought this was going to be a very funny movie , because of all the stars and wonderful people in it such as L.L Cool J , Whoopi Goldberg , Anthony Anderson , my girl Jada Pinkett Smith , Toni Braxton , and a host of others . first of all is was all about them at a funeral . it wasnt that funny and the plot was very weak , we was so excited about this movie when it came out but its not worth it , and i love everybody that was in the movie just not the characters that they played . so i give it a D -
 I would not recommend it .
 This movie sucks and thats all I can say . What a waste of some precious hours of my life that I ca n't get back.I would n't even rate it cos 1 star is rather generous .
 I 'm not sure what the others were writing about but the ending is no tear-jerker . This movie is weak and while Mr. Walken does his usual good performance there 's not much that can be done to make this stinker any better . Definitely not a movie I would recommend to anyone .
 The only thing this movie has going for it is that Christopher Walkin is a great actor and was perfecty cast as Johnny but the movie itself is rather flat and lifeless .
 The movie follows the book very well . Usually I prefer it when a movie attempts to be true to the book , except when the book is written by King . King is an excellent author , but his books do not translate to film very well.The Dead Zone is a prime example of a great book that made a boring movie . There is n't enough character development to make you care what 's going on . This is one case where they should have focused on one aspect of the book and left the rest out.Christopher Walken is the one reedeming factor in this movie . There is one scene where Walken gets angry and you catch a preview of some of his future roles . If you 're a Christopher Walken fan then that one scene is worth the price of the DVD .
 This movie was n't that great but it 's one that was relatively close to the book , unlike a lot of them . Most of the time you can read the same thing in the books and they are all out better.I would n't recomend buying it . . maybe renting or waiting for it to come on TV
 When I first saw this movie I thought it was okay but not the best I saw it again and I did n't like it and was totally bored . I read the book by Stephen King which I did n't really like too much either so it 's not my favorite movie or book , I preferred the books and movies The Shining and Firestarter .
 ** Warning Spoilers ** The movie was very good , I really Like Christopher Walken , I ca n't stomach Leftwingnut Martin Sheen . I can read between the lines , this movie is from 1983 , I saw it recently , I see the very silly and unnecessary jab at Reagan , Luckily Reagan Was The Best President this Country Has had . The Movie starts off great with Walken being this teacher , then crashing his car , falling into a Coma , waking up after 5 years and seeing/feeling things from the past , present then later the future -LRB- A scene later towards the end . where he sees Martin Sheen 's Character as President pushing the Button for Missiles -RRB- . Needless to say it makes me happy knowing that people at the time and era WERE and Are Wrong about Regan , He ended the Cold War , the only danger was from the USSR . Sadly this film Which Has So Much Potential Messes Up By introducing a small Political Anti-Missile Agenda in there towards the end , no Matter how subtle , in my mind it is propaganda and made a good Movie like The Dead Zone WEAK . Which reminds me Of Stephen King 's Movie The Mist later on being Also Messed up at the End !
 dear friends , believe it or not i have not received yet this product.thank youkostas emmanouilidis
 i was very upset with this movie . If you have read this book ... dont watch the movie . There are so many different scenes that were switched around from the book . for example in the book johnny tutored a highschool kid not a elementery kid . there was a fire at a graduation party not a drowning . this movie swayed from the book big time !
 `` Suburban Commando '' is one of wrestler Hulk Hogan 's many forays into `` family-friendly '' movies . In this one , he stars as Shep , an intergalactic hero on the run from evil bounty hunters and a preening , flamboyant bad guy . He crash lands on Earth , meeting an uptight businessman -LRB- Christopher Lloyd -RRB- and his wife -LRB- Shelley Duvall -RRB- . He gives helpful inspirational moral lessons throughout the film , not unlike the '80s kiddie shows of the time `` He-Man '' and `` She-Ra . '' The difference being , those shows were only a half hour , and actually enjoyable . In one cringe-worthy scene , Lloyd and Duvall are on the verge of making love . Yes , one day the kids will ask where babies will come from , but this scene will make them celibate . The final fight is horribly cheesy . `` Suburban Commando '' does embody the crass materialism of the suburbs ... . no , it 's just a bad movie .
 I was n't pleased with the video and audio transfer . The bottom line is that this HD DVD is for fans only .
 in any player ... all my players are fine and other dvds work . I wonder if I was sent one for the correct region .
 This is possibly the worst movie I have ever had to sit through , and believe me , I have seen some really horrible movies . The acting is deplorable . The `` special '' effects are n't special . It was a dog . No , that is an insult to that majestic animal . My husband is an Ed Wood fan . Even those movies have a comical appeal to them , whereas this movie is nothing short of inane . If there is a God in heaven , this movie will fade into obscurity , never to be heard from again .
 Movie was good but the delivery was poor . Movie feed continuously stopped & started , So far not a fan of the service
 One of my favorite movies !! Unfortunately , the picture and sound quality -LRB- dolby 2.0 -RRB- on this DVD are very poor -LRB- even on an upconvert player -RRB- . Not worth buying!Hopefully a better product will be released in the future .
 I ca n't believe they made a movie this bad , and worse yet i sat and watched it.In the 1950 's this would have made my all time monster list when i was 10 years old.The best part is when they showed Finn Cater bare legs.By the why i found myself rooting for the worms .
 This movie is extremely pathetic and contains some of the worst acting I have ever witnessed in a movie . I ca n't believe all these fools love this thing ... it 's about gigantic mutant worms coming out of the ground ! Check out Tremors 3
 Not one other reviewer has metioned Dune . They can not be blamed for thier ignorance ; Dune is not a well known movie . It -LRB- Dune -RRB- was made in 1984 , five years before Tremors -- a horrible movie , that proves Dune is not a rip-off of Tremors . The book Dune -- a great sci-fi novel was written over twenty years before Tremors was produced . I think Tremors is the epitome of `` Cool-dude '' movies . I liked the movie ; it was entertaining -- that 's what I thought six years ago when I was seven . I ca n't stress this enough , it was just a horrible movie . A C - rate cast , crapy music , no plot what so ever . If you agree with me please E-mail me .
 Why anyone would give this movie 5 stars is beyond me . It stinks to high heaven ... acting , story and all .
 Where do I begin?I have already wasted precious minutes of my life writing a review for `` THE WORST MOVIE EVER MADE `` And you can quote me on that.First off , where does someone get an idea for making a movie like this ? Are they mentally insane or just flat-out stupid ? I can imagine the directors and producers talking to each other at a meeting saying things like `` Hey , if we just borrow elements from `` Aliens '' and `` Redneck Rampage '' and splice it all together and then add some cardboard acting and a plot that could 've been written by a 7 year old and then top it off with a soundtrack that is so horrible you could n't force a deaf man to listen to it , we 'll have a movie that is so stupid and cliched that our only target audience will be 8 year old kids who do n't know any better and 40 year old men who should know better . Hopefully , enough morons go see it . If not , it 's no big loss -- it only cost 20 grand to make . `` I did n't know what a horrible movie was until `` Tremors '' came around . And today , whenever I hear that name , I cringe.By the grace of god , this movie will be forgotten about.Great movies like the `` STAR WARS TRILOGY '' are the best today and they will be in the future.TREMORS was NEVER ANYTHING except GARBAGE !
 Wow , now here is an accomplishment , this has to have been the most lazily made movie I have ever seen . In fact , it would have made a perfect parody if it were funny . The script appears to have been a phone in , if that . Every plot point and piece of dialog here is really just an excuse to get to another fighting or otherwise monotonous action sequence . And the fighting scenes are about exactly what you 'd expect from seemingly having had about 10 minutes total spent on each of them -LRB- 2 minutes = choreography , 2 minutes = rehearsal , 6 minutes = filming -RRB- . Also , if you are looking for breaks in this block of writing that would be meant to represent new paragraphs , you are n't going to find them . Uh uh , not here , this is a concept piece -- I plan on putting just as much effort into this review as the entire crew put into the making of The Musketeer . Anyhoo , moving on . The score , the score , the score ... the score is ... um , how do you say ... dog -LSB- explitive deleted -RSB- . No , no , no , that 's not true , my dog could probably take a -LSB- explitive deleted -RSB- more passionate than this film 's score . Now , I have a confession to make , I cry during motion pictures . Action , comedy , drama , it really does n't matter , show me emotions and I will show you a little dampness around the eyes . That little bit of unpleasantness disclosed , I did n't shed a single tear during The Musketeer . Casting ? Well , you know , it has Mena Suvari , you ca n't really go wrong there -- but what about the lead , you ask ? Well he was a model plucked from Calvin Klein ads . Says the director -LRB- also male -RRB-
 Peter Hyams explains his version of the oft-told Dumas tale as a `` re-vision '' of The Three Musketeers . -LRB- The hyphen in the word `` re-vision '' is not mine , it is included in all the accompanying literature associated with the Miramax release . Mr. Hyams does not explain why the story needs to be re-vised . Yet , after dozens of works of fiction , including stage , movie , television , radio drama , pantomime , ballet , orchestral works and point-of-purchase candy bar display racks , somehow Hollywood has determined that what keeps this classic swashbuckling product from selling is its story . So it gets re-vised . God save us all from the re-vision thing.Just to bring you up on the Hyams version of the story
 This has to be one of the most disappointing films I have ever seen . So , if you 're expecting the film to resemble Alexandre Dumas ' The Three Musketeers , the classic novel on which the movie is based , you will be sadly mistaken . -LRB- Dumas , on the other hand , must be turning in his grave . -RRB- The opening credits should have been a clue for what was to come because instead of being pulled into the film I felt as though I were being lulled to sleep . I do n't know what the director or editor was thinking by flashing pictures on the screen during the opening credits because for a moment there I thought I was watching a slide show.The script itself was far from intriguing because it droned on much like the monotone delivery of leading actor Justin Chambers . Worse still , because Chambers did n't have a French accent he could n't even pronounce his own character 's name , D'Artagnan , correctly . So , the authenticity of the movie was immediately questioned because of this glaring oversight . -LRB- Chambers began his career as a model . Surely he could have invested some of his money on a vocal coach . -RRB- Speaking of unconvincing-the fight scenes were highly forgettable not only because of the choreography , but because of the directing . The sequences felt so rushed that the audience barely had enough time to absorb the choreography . In addition , a few of the stunts reminded me of the gravity defying feats often seen on episodes of Xena
 My expectations for this movie were vague . I 'd never heard of star Justin Chambers -LRB- I now know why -RRB- , but I was familiar with director Peter Hyams and liked his `` Capricorn One '' and `` Outland '' , so I figured what the heck.What the heck , indeed.This movie was awful . Justin Chambers can not act . -LRB- I 've never understood the allure of the cherubic Mena Suvari either . -RRB- Not that acting chops could 've saved the script . I was willing to give the `` twist '' - Hong Kong-style hijinks in 17th c. France - a chance , but even that did n't work . The fact that the fight sequences were so contrived was n't the worst of it . It 's the fact that they were photographed so badly and the faces of the `` actors '' were nearly always in shadow . I realized the only reason I continued watching was to see Catherine Deneuve , who did n't have a lot to work with either , but still managed to be her usual luminous self.What I do n't get is how the director of two of my personal favorites managed to churn out this dust-bunny of a movie . Was he happy with the way it turned out ? Did he notice that his lead could n't act ? Did he care ? -LRB- `` Sean Connery ? Bah ! Get me that Chambers kid ! '' -RRB- It also put me to sleep . Zonked me right out . And I was n't tired . I just could n't keep my eyes open . `` The Musketeer '' should 've been called `` The Ambien '' . Save your time and money -LRB- as the studio that released this should 've done -RRB- and avoid this lackluster swashbuckler .
 Now this movie was flat out bad . I mean really bad . I mean so bad non sober person would say this movie was bad . The best acted role was that of a 4 year old . That 's really sad . In its favor , and this is amazing , it had wonderful costumes , and sets , and scenery designs , ca n't really speak highly enough about that . The movie had a couple of good action scenes , but you know only Jackie Chan can carry a bad plot and deliver good action and get by with it .
 Plenty of people have complained about the storyline and acting . I have to agree . I 've read Dumas ' book , it 's great , and this is not even close . Enough said.Others have praised the fighting , but really , you can see better fighting in better movies . The fights range from no-skills brawling -LRB- for example , knocking out two men with two punches to the face , or beating down two swordsmen with a tree branch -RRB- to Hong Kong-style acrobatics . But then , it was n't even close to the acrobatics you can find in Iron Monkey -LRB- from 1993 , directed by Yuen Woo-ping -RRB- in Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , or in Jet Li 's Fist of Legend . Those kinds of stunts fit nicely in the Asian culture but look strange in 17th century France.Are we really supposed to believe that overweight slob taught D'Artagnan how to fight like that ? And in the end , Tim Roth might have won the fight if he 'd spent more time fencing and less time jumping around on ladders like a circus clown . See Iron Monkey instead !
 The Musketeer , billed as a visionary new interpretation of one of the most filmed stories in movie history , falls far short of its promises.With weak screenwriting and poor dialogue , the audience will find itself silently groaning over poorly delivered , predictable lines and wondering if the director 's intention was humor or high drama.Poor editing can be found throughout the film and even the most casual viewer will notice inconsistencies.The action sequences , which add some fresh intensity to the film , ocassionally leave much to be desired . Obvious time compression in action scenes can leave an audience expecting blockbuster-quality seqences disappointed.Overall , the Musketeer is indeed a new vision of a tried-and-true classic , but whether this vision is worth seeing is debatable .
 Apparently in 17th Century France , the laws of gravity were suspended for a time . Everyone leaps around on wires to the point that it is getting silly . The swordfighting is O.K. but , it 's heavly influenced by Wu Shu Kung Fu which is understandable given the stunt coreographer for the movie . The acting is wooden with half the cast speaking with a French accent and everyone else speaking Californian.Justin Chambers ca n't pronounce D'Artagnian , it sound like he is saying `` Darten '' overall , it 's not that great a version of the Three Musketeers .
 I went to see `` The Musketeer '' expecting a fun flick with some over-the-top fight scenes . What I got was one of the few films I have ever wanted to walk out on . This movie is bad.I love Hong Kong action films , and I have seen many an actor fly across the screen in wire-fu action . Xin Xin Xiong is billed as a `` legendary '' fight master even though this is only the 3rd film he has choreographed . A quick check shows that most of Xin Xin Xiong 's career has been as an extra in various Jet Li films . The ladder scene is remarkably similar to a scene in `` Once Upon a Time in China . '' -LRB- Which was choreographed by Woo-ping Yuen of `` The Matrix '' and `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon '' fame . -RRB- The rope scene on the tower is just silly . -LRB- Why not just cut the ropes ? -RRB- Hardly a `` legendary '' fight master.The acting is a bad as any I have ever seen . Tim Roth , who is usually great , sleepwalks through the film . What Justin Chambers does can not really be called acting . There is no plot.Yikes ! I could go on ! Rent at your own risk . This movie is terrible !
 This movie was truly painful to watch . There is not enough space in this review to list all of the things wrong with this movie . But I will try.First of all ... Some actors have British accents , others French , and the lead has an American accent . Yet others have migratory accents that wander between these three . Much of the dialogue has obviously been dubbed in after , and it sounds like it . Also , exposition is painfully squeezed into every stilted , dubbed-over line . The characters are so cartoonish and unbelievable that you will be cheering for D'Artagnan 's death by the end . ... The only reason I bothered to see this movie was for the choreographed fight scenes that looked cool in the commercial . Unfortunately , they are short , poorly filmed , and badly edited . ...
 `` The Musketeer '' is one of the worst films that I 've ever sat through . I ca n't really say that I was disappointed with the movie . I had read the reviews here before seeing it . I really just wanted to see it for myself out of idle curiosity . Well , you know how the saying goes -- `` Curiosity killed the cat . '' What does baffle me though is that I 've actually read reviews by people who seem to be under the impression that if someone hates this movie , it 's merely because it is n't faithful to Dumas ' novel . Trust me , folks . This one is bad on its own . It does n't have to be compared to any book in order to get a bad review . I watched this movie with someone else who has never read any of Dumas ' work and he agreed with me entirely that the movie was garbage . It is bad in every possible way . The acting is bad . The writing is bad . The camera work and lighting is bad . If nothing else though I have learned something from this experience . Sometimes , ignorance is bliss . In the future , I 'm not going to let idle curiosity get the better of me and when a movie gets as many negative reviews as this one has , I 'm going to stay away from it .
 It 's not so much the fact that there have been far too many Musketeer films , as the fact that this movie stinks !!! The acting is totally atrocious !!! SOme of the worst acting I 've seen on film . Mena Suvari was so good in American Beauty , but in this dud she could n't act her way out of a paper bag.Whoever that guy is playing D'artanan ... he looked a bit like Chris O'Donnell , who did play this character in the three musketeers , he needs to take some acting classes or find a new career . What a bore!While this fellow was nice to look at , he was such a bad actor ! He needs to just stick to something easy , like male modeling.This is just another attempt at a swashbuckler film , and it failed miserably . Reminds me of some made for t.v. movie that might show up on the WB network.Watch the Musketeer film with Chris O'Donnell and Kiefer Sutherland . It 's a much better made film .
 This may not be the worst movie ever made but it 's the worst I 've seen in a long time . The tired premise will be instantly recognisable to anyone who 's ever watched the Saturday Kung-Fu movie special
 With a `` pert near '' absence of plot , acting , and storyline , Musketeer falls flat on its face . What looks to be a pseudo-copy of the Disney version with Oliver Platt et al , is a hopeless effort with truly awful screenwriting , character development , and fight scenes that imploy so much cloth and whirling that it 's impossible to tell who ever gets wounded . I distinctly notice within the first five minutes , however , that the film was quite dead . Please do n't make me ever watch a film where most actors have a British accent , but the lead actor mumbles along with an L.A. drawl . Please do n't make the mistake of renting this movie
 I 'm not sure who I am more dissapointed in
 ca n't remember the last time I rolled my eyes so many times in a movie I knew within the first 10 minutes of the show that it was gon na -LSB- be bad -RSB- See the acrobatic martial-artist French 17th-century swordsmen &#65533; words you had a right never to expect to see together ! and the action is so badly edited and darkly lit that it 's hard to tell what 's happening many scenes dark and difficult to seeThis movie was one of the worst I have seen this year bad acting and the awful remake you must have watched Richard Lester 's very enjoyable `` The Three Musketeers '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- and `` The Four Musketeers '' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- . Save your time and rent those two tonight .
 really awful movie . The main character was completely without expression or emotion . The climactic fight scene was so completely `` out there '' that you might believe you stumbled into Shrek outtakes . Honestly , what barn has over 20 ladders ?
 Unless something comes out in the future to trump this ... It 's going to go down for me as the worst film of all time . If you have a pet peeve that ruins a movie for you then it is probably in here . I feel symphathy for Tim Roth who must have took this role on a dare.I felt so blindsided when I watched this because I was not expecting the utter trash this film is . The negative review in the Spotlight Review section are right on the money . You could n't pay me to watch this again . Too bad there is n't a zero star .
 I think it is admirably quirky that they tried to graft a Hong Kong martial arts movie style onto a 17th Century `` Three Musketeers '' knockoff , but the final product here is flat out awful , and should never have been released . From the first , the stunts might have been cool , but the editing of the fighting scenes is so bad they are unappreciable , and it 's often difficult to figure out what 's going on . The whole ladder climax was so blatantly -LSB- borrowed -RSB- from Great Hero From China that even that could n't offer a tiny shred of redemption.The thing is just barely watchable . If this was made in 1985 , it might make for a funny bad rental , but this thing came out in 2001 ! Bad direction , miserable acting , horrible editing , and one of the most ineptly written scripts equals one big stinkbomb from start to finish.First of all , the miscasting was at such a level it is hard to believe it was n't deliberate . Justin Chambers is , frankly , horrible in this role ; I ca n't hypothesize what kind of role in which he might not be horrible . All of the other actors and their characters are ludicrous and instantly forgettable , except for Tim Roth , who had the decency to be a goof off . Chambers ' `` mentor '' reminded me of Andre the Giant 's character from the Princess Bride , and we never get to understand how this supposedly incredible swordfighter kid was trained by an overweight guy with bad lungs who rarely moves.The script was just appalling . The `` wooing '' scenes between Chambers and Suvari were , of course , miserably acted , but the dialogue itself was just embarrassing . You will cringe . The overall plot is ridiculously superficial , yet they still manage to make it a total mess of head-scratchingly bad ideas . That Cardinal Richelieu would have ever hatched plots of such idiocy is inconceivable . He was a schemer to the core , which Dumas always portrayed wonderfully , but ultimately his schemes were designed to enhance the power of the throne and his authority over the king , not undermine it and try and get countries to declare war on France . There 's no point listing the rest of its absurdities.Although this was billed as a quasi-martial arts flick , there are really only a few genuine fight scenes , and again , they are badly edited -LRB- way too many confusing cuts and obvious speed-motion edits -RRB- and it 's pretty clear that Chambers did almost none of his own stunts . Hyams should not be directing action flicks.The music poorly corresponded to anything on screen , and since I hate this movie , I might as well hate the music too . It was dreadful . Also , the transfer to VHS was awful ; for the first half-hour it looked dullish and yellow , and everything sounded flat . Maybe the DVD is better.Dumas ' original `` The Three Musketeers '' was obviously a wonderful novel , but none of the hilarious interplay between the Musketeers manages to find a way into the script . Aramis , Porthos , and Athos were instead lifeless dolts with no wit , even for the little time they were on screen . The reason they keep making movies from Dumas ' novels is that they were fantastic , well-written stories that have endured through the ages . Somehow , the movie versions almost always manage to then abuse them into barely recognizable mushes of hackwork . I know this movie was designed for 12 year olds , but they deserve a lot more credit than to have to endure this pandering , half-hearted miscarriage of a movie .
 If you have any respect for a story , characters or an era ... DONT WATCH THIS . The names resemble the characters from a classic story written by Andre Dumas . This is about as far as the similarity goes . This is a big budget disaster . Did they try to keep it real by lighting the night scenes with candles ? It provides a washed out set which might have been its redeeming feature.Dumas is turning in his grave .
 This is absolutely the worst 17th century movie I have ever seen.Words can not describe how much it revolted me.They could do a better job if they would not try to make a film at all.If halfway through the movie , the actors began to turn into lizards , it would not have surprised me.Controlling the urge to vomit was hard to say the least.As an armourer , reenactor , historian , and having studied the sword arts for more than two decades , I can honestly say that I believe in my own heart that Micky Mouse could have played the lead role and the little pigs could have been the Three Musketeers , which by the way , we do not even get to know the Musketeers in the movie , due to the focus being on superhuman acts of levitation and flight.But if you must watch it , please bear in mind that this movie is pure fantasy when it comes to any historical value and I would not recommend it even to children if you ever want them to learn `` real '' storylines , from `` real '' books , based on `` real '' history .
 this is the story of the musketeers as you 've never seen it before - with everything from bad acting to pathetic special effects to poor lighting . this , being probably the worst adaptation of the story i have ever seen , can be seen more as a comedy than an actual action-packed film . the girl in the film -LRB- does it really matter what her name was -RRB- survived a major blow to the chest with a gun and lived to be fine and healthy as ever -LRB- must be the bullet-proof corsets -RRB- . and , of course , there are the fight scenes . somewhere between the poor choreography and the fact that the musketeer `` gravitated '' to his enemies like something out of the matrix , i began to realize that this movie was n't going to be oscar material . if you one of those people who think they absolutely must see this movie , i should warn you , you 'll never look at the story of the musketeers the same way again . this low-budget attempt to give a new twist to the old tale does not do that original story justice .
 The tagline on the theatrical poster for `` The Musketeer '' proclaims
 I saw this in the theaters with my friend , expecting to see a cross between `` The Three Musketeers '' and `` The Matrix . '' Instead , I saw this poor substitute for a movie with terrible acting , character development , storyline , and notice how on the cover the `` critics '' say `` Spectacular Action Sequences . '' They can only say good things about the fight scenes which are too short to count ! Take my word on this
 Lord , have mercy . This is one of the most stupid movies I have ever seen . The plot is weak . Even Tim Roth ca n't save this movie from being silly mostly because of the leading man and the action sequences.Firstly , Justin Chambers is a terrible lead . Maybe he 's pretty , but he ca n't act ! I have no idea how such a bad actor got the leading part . He is completely unconvincing and has no charisma whatsoever . I did n't even care about the character and I found myself rooting for Roth.Some people say that the action sequences are spectacular . Well , to me they are stupid and irrational . I mean , what the hell is this ? Does nobody care about realism ? D'Artagnan is fighting with a european sabre Kung Fu/Jackie Chan style ! I have no idea how somebody could come up with such an idiotic idea . Do n't get me wrong - I love Kung Fu flicks , but putting in Hong Kong action in a costume drama in 17th century France is ridiculous ! You might as well cast Jackie Chan as King Arthur!To sum up , this movie is just plain bad . If want to watch a good Musketeer film , then watch Richard Lester 's . The fights are choreographed by William Hobbs , a EUROPEAN FENCING choreographer .
 It must be awfully hard to mess up a screen adaptation from a great novelist like Alexander Dumas , but here they somehow managed . I hate to sound so cynical , but here goes : The single most thing that really ruined this movie for me was the acting ... -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- This is what you get when you cast a pretty-boy model who 's never acted before and expect him to carry the film in a lead role . The rest of the actors were unknowns or hardly-knowns who did n't perform much better than he did . Even the prestigious roles of Porthos , Athos , and Aramis were demoted down to bit parts and played by extras ... Okay , maybe that 's an exaggeration , but were you familiar with any one of those actors who were playing the Musketeers?What prevented this movie from being a total disaster was the cool action scenes plus the magnificent scenery . Still , it has to be one of the most disappointing musketeer films ever . If you decide to watch it , just imagine talented famous actors playing the parts and it wo n't be so bad after all .
 I 'm not even all the way through this movie yet and already I 'm -LSB- upset -RSB- that I spent $ 3 to rent it . The acting is horrible , save for Tim Roth whose always great , and not-so-bad performances by Mena Suvari , Stephen Rea , and Catherine Deneuve.So really who does that leave ? Justin Chambers . I can understand to a certain degree that he got the role with his pretty face to charm the women into sitting down in front of the screen , but damn ... He 's incapable of showing any emotion , and what emotion he does show is all in the same monotone voice . He 's the only one who ca n't seem to pronounce his characters name , and his accent sounds suspiciously American for something based in France . Call me crazy , but it seems that in the 14 years between boyhood and young adult , poor D'Artagnan lost his accent . But never fear ladies , he takes of his shirt a couple times which apparently seems to make up for his lack of acting ability.As for the actual movie , I find it rather boring , and decidely so being that I 'm writing this as I 'm supposed to be watching it . I 'm trying to tune out the incredibly elaborate , hollywood story and focusing on the action scenes because thats the only thing thats got my attention , and even that is n't so great , I 've seen much better.Anyway , if you 've got a few bucks burning a hole in your pocket , go ahead and rent this , give it a shot , I promise it wo n't hurt that bad . Now I guess I 'll go ahead and finish watching this heap , I hear the final fight scene is truly * cough cough * amazing .
 This is the worse film that I have ever seen , the only thing that it has in common with Alexander Dumas story is the names of some of the characters , the rest is pure fiction , is a mixture of a series B chinese film Kung Fu fighters dressed as Musketeers -LRB- but only at the end of the film -RRB- and a story created by someone that spend a night smoking or drinking God knows what and decided to make a film inspired by Alexander Dumas.No historical facts , nothing in common with the book apart from a few names , an insult to history and Dumas.This DVD ended in my dust bin . .
 This movie sucked . The Disney version was way better . Do n't waste your money on this .
 But I ca n't bring myself to give it only one star . Probably because the fight coriographer seemed to put so mush effort into the thing ... too bad most of the fight scenes were either too dark to see what was going on , or badly shot making the fight scenes a confusing mess . Anyway , I was actually going to write a much longer review of this movie , but there is no way I could do better than wild_man_dave from Austin who said just about all that needed to be said . The only thing that I want to add is that if you are a fan of the Musketeer books like I am the only way you will ever enjoy this movie -LRB- even as a cheesy action -RRB- is to make sure you see this movie as having no connection what so ever to the Musketeer books .
 Of all the swashbuckling action movies I 've seen , this is , unfortunately , the most horrid one I 've witnessed . Using martial arts with French swordsmen sounds like a good idea in theory , but to see it played out onscreen was just unforgiveable . You 'd think more time would have been spent on the dialogue than the look of the film . Granted , it comes across as an attempt to be a trendy action flick , but it falls flat due to the acting . Justin Chambers had the look to play D'Artagnan , but he left his emotions at the door . Stephen Rhea was horrible as Richelieu . His delivery was flat and emotionless . Thank God for Tim Roth . He was the only bright spot in this film . You just want to hate the guy for who he is and how crazily mean he is . The action sequences are okay at best , but I was n't amazed by any of it . The ladder fight sequence was interesting , but it ended kind of unheroically . It 's a shame , since Roth did so well throughout the rest of the film . Would I buy it again if given the chance , probably not , but I would rent it ... once .
 If there were zero stars I 'd give it that . The fight scenes did n't bother me or the fact it has nothing to do with the real muskateers did n't bother me . However , it has some of the worst acting I have ever done . Basically they just read there lines . School plays have better acting . This so far is the worst movie I have every seen , and I watch a lot of movies . Whatever you do , do not see this movie
 I love swashbuckling movies . There are far too few made now so it is always with excitment when one is . But in the end this adaptation just does not come through . Tim Roth is excellent as the villain . Stephen Rhea has some good moments as the Cardinal . But they never really let him shine . Porthos was a rare find in this film , he had most of the best lines.D ` Artangan is too American to really work , he was a CK model after all.The action scenes were poorly done , the fencing bad and the wirework way too obvious . It just does not work well . I hope they continue to make films with flashy swordplay and all the things that make us like a good old adventure film . But sadly this one is not it .
 it 's just awful . although the movie is allegedly based on a famous novel by dumas -LRB- the three musketeers -RRB- , the movie violates both the spirit and the plot of the original story . There is no Milady , D'Artagnan 's young lover does not die , D'Artagnan does not go on a mission to the UK , and so forth and so on.What makes the movie truly unwatchable is not just the fact that it has little if anything to do with Dumas 's masterpiece , but is the fact that the movie is phenomenally poorly scripted and equally poorly acted.don ' t waste your money buying this dvd . it 's not worthy . it rarely gets any worse than this .
 THE musteteer was about `` A '' musteteer . The whole story was horrible . You do n't have to be a fan of the older Musteteer movies to know this was BAD . My advise is to watch the 15 second preview of the movie . This displays the best action that takes place in the entire movie and you ca n't tell just how bad the acting was . I wish I never wasted my time watching it and I was able to watch it free . Just do n't bother with this one .
 In the spirit of public service announcements , I am compelled to write this review.PLEASE DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM . IT HAS NO REDEEMING QUALITIES.Not even Tim Roth can save it . -LRB- Why , Tim Roth , why are you in this `` film '' ???!!! If it 's money you need , you should have come to me , and I would have PAID YOU not to make it ! -RRB- I do not know where to begin to `` review '' this , so I shall begin with d'Artagnan 's hat - it is hideous . As are the other three musketeers , but note that this is `` The Musketeer '' - singular , so expect a lot of solo work from Justin Chambers . Justin Chambers has a nice face , but it does not belong in this crap either . The sixty-year-old and apparently barren queen -LRB- played by Catherine Deneuve - why , gods , why ???!!! -RRB- is delightfully prettier than Meena Suvari -LRB- whose name is inexplicably `` Francesca '' in this chef d'ouevre of cinema -RRB- . There is no plot , only poorly lit , mal-orchestrated excuses for people to flip through the air and slash at things blindly with their swords as if they were being attacked by a murder of crows , instead of human opponents . There was also apparently not enough money left over -LRB- after , presumably , paying all the famous people to be in this -RRB- for good cinematography , costumes , art direction , screenwriters , etc. . Have I mentioned the lighting is REALLY BAD ? And the titles look so cheap , as if they were literally stolen from another -LRB- possibly 80 year old -RRB- movie.If , for some reason , you do not heed my warning , and DO find yourself watching this film , I recommend you take some Ambien as soon as possible and pray for oblivion .
 The star of the show is Justin Chambers and he gets incidental billing which is ridiculous despite his lack of acting skills . Having a weak lead actor is not the way to have box-office success . Stupid dialog does n't help either , along with the Rambo action mentality in which the good guy does n't get hit from close range.On the upside , some of the action scenes were spectacular , the best swordplay I 've ever seen . The ones at the beginning and the end of the film were the best , with some incredible stunt work.This movie is beautifully photographed , too . Tim Roth was a good villain , as usual , and the heroes - even if they could n't act - were fun to watch . The language is tame in here and the film should be rated PG , not PG - 13 .
 I will not review this based on the book , as I was never a big fan of the book anyways , but on the film itself.Mostly , I simply found most of the characters to be bland and lifeless , with the notible exception of the villian Febre , and the plot and dialogue to be fairly weak and unexciting.The swordfighting skills displayed in the movie were dazzling , but -LRB- as another reviewer also mentioned -RRB- considering that everyone appeared almost identicle , it was a little hard to tell at times who was fighting whom . Also , while again the fight scenes were dazzling , there was no practicle reason why some of the more over the top ones were even engaged in . I am referring mostly to the fight outside the tower on ropes -LRB- why did n't someone attempt to cut D'Artagnan 's rope instead of engaging him in an ariel fencing match ? -RRB- and the fight on the ladders -LRB- why would Febre give up stable ground to fight D'Artagnan on unsure footing ? -RRB- .
 I 've never seen any Musketeer movies , not even the Kiefer Sutherland one , but I can tell this one ai n't the best . It 's very rushed and the script is as flat as a blown-out tire . I mean it 's written by the guy who created the Police Academy franchise . Surely he should be blacklisted in Hollywood by now.Peter Hyams once again becomes his own cinematographer and does a kinda okay job . None of his trademark flair or wonderful use of widescreen is in this film and nothing really comes across as pretty or atmospheric . And this whole deal with the film apparently having an Eastern influence is total nonsense . There is like 2 fight scenes and neither of them are that spectacular and come across as a bit contrived . Just because an Asian guy did the choreography it does n't mean that this film has to look like The Matrix.The actors do what they can with the poor story and limp dialogue but still come across as being bored , especially Stepehen Rea . Tim Roth looks and acts like a cross between Chuck Norris and Charles Dance and his character is a bit of a clich&eacute; . ` The Man in Black ' ... puh-lease . And if you 're kinda wondering who that is playing Mena Suvari 's evil uncle then you might recognise him as Arthur Fowler from long over-running BBC1 misery and despair soap Eastenders.The Musketeer also seems to be badly edited around the PG-rating . Obviously this is what the studio wanted to aim for but it just seem right given the tone of the film and any scene in which someone dies looks like a badly staged pantomime . Even Dogtanian and the Three Muskahounds was more grown-up than this . And boy are those opening credits ugly!See it only for free on a day you 've got nothing better to do .
 Of all the swashbuckling action movies I 've seen , this is , unfortunately , the most horrid one I 've witnessed . Using martial arts with French swordsmen sounds like a good idea in theory , but to see it played out onscreen was just unforgiveable . You 'd think more time would have been spent on the dialogue than the look of the film . Granted , it comes across as an attempt to be a trendy action flick , but it falls flat due to the acting . Justin Chambers had the look to play D'Artagnan , but he left his emotions at the door . Stephen Rhea was horrible as Richelieu . His delivery was flat and emotionless . Thank God for Tim Roth . He was the only bright spot in this film . You just want to hate the guy for who he is and how crazily mean he is . The action sequences are okay at best , but I was n't amazed by any of it . The ladder fight sequence was interesting , but it ended kind of unheroically . It 's a shame , since Roth did so well throughout the rest of the film . Would I buy it again if given the chance , probably not , but I would rent it ... once .
 While my wife and I are fans of this genre of film , we were at first appalled , and then disgusted by this poorly executed version . Some people have praised the fight sequences , but I found them lacking for the most part , and laughable in others -- esp . the men on ropes on the castle 's turret , and in the room full of ladders . Why were there so many ladders there anyway ? Most disturbing were the inconsistencies in the plot . Why does n't the hero make it back to the queen BEFORE the bad guys whom he beats up at the river scene ? Why does he ride to Paris rather than to the ferry , where he could have saved Lord Buckingham and foiled the cardinal 's plot ? Why was this movie even made ?? Save your money ... we were disappointed even though we only rented it .
 Well most of the Musketeers in this film did anyway , except for the leading male hero of the film , D'Artagnan ! I had no idea this film would be so dull considering that Peter Hyams -LRB- 2010 , Outland -RRB- directed it and Tim Roth -LRB- Rob Roy , Reservoir Dogs -RRB- , who is totally wasted here , starring as the bad guy , Febre . The film is just not exciting and I found myself not really caring about the hero 's revenge or much of anything else after a certain point . First of all , I have no idea who Justin Chambers -LRB- leading man/hero , D'Artagnan -RRB- is but I do know he turns out a dull and uninteresting performance in this film . It doesent help that he resembles Chris O ' Donnell who played the same character in `` The Three Musketeers '' with Charlie Sheen and Keifer Sutherland . That movie may have been silly but at least it was entertaining . I would like to see the DVD feature of `` Casting Justin Chambers '' to find out what they were thinking . Even the one thing that I thought would save `` The Musketeer '' , the fight sequences , were not as exciting as I thought they would be , but they did keep me awake . I had heard the fight choreography compared to `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon '' somewhere - my answer to that is
 The Musketeer could have been so good . The locations and sets are so beautiful and there are some beautiful fight scenes . However , those fight scenes are a part of the problem . Wire action is used , but instead of the beautiful grace of Chinese wire actions movies , the action here is a little too speedy and choppy . Also a lot of the fight scenes include moves that seem unnecessarily flashy and impractical -- for example , doing a full split on two barrels while fighting a swordsman . Just unnecessary . I think the director wanted the audience to say , `` Cool ! '' , but instead they just say , `` Huh ? `` Another bad point is the acting . There are no good performances in this movie . Everyone seems to be reading their lines . All of the parts are miscast . The heros have no charisma , and the villians have no menace . Another thing that really bothered me was that half the actors have American accents and half have French accents . I do n't have anything against either accent , but I would like to see some consistency .
 So Bad . I 'm giving it 1 star to cancel out that guy who is trying to raise the stars by giving it a five . It should stay as low as possible , so people do n't get suckered into watching this as I was . Worst Movie I 've ever bought a ticket to see , and I 've seen some bad ones -LRB- e.g. Signs -RRB- .
 Allright . I fell asleep . I was n't even tired and I fell asleep . I never fall asleep . That 's sad.If I could give this 0 stars I would have . The movie sounds interesting , but it makes little sense and has an ending that could of been guessed five minutes into the movie.Don ' t watch it . Please . Unless you really need some sleep .
 Is it possible to give ** minus ** five stars ? I feel ashamed at being forced by Amazon.com to offer this debacle even 1 star.This film , from its very beginnings , had me saying aloud what an incredible mistake it was to waste good money on buying it.And an even greater insult was to squander the not inconsiderable talents of Tim Roth and Stephen Rea . I could only shake my head in disbelief as scene after horrid scene unfolded.It felt like some of the worst fan fiction I 've ever read . And the finale with the ladders ? Obviously the stunt coordinator has spent his entire life living in a box with no air holes , and nothing but Jackie Chan movies to help lighten his otherwise empty hours.Ten thumbs down , way down .
 ... although a dubious one
 This ... um ... `` adaptation '' owes far more to the Hong Kong cinema of Jackie Chan than it does to the seminal work of Alexandre Dumas . Indeed , the credits on the DVD flap do not even credit Dumas 's work as the inspiration for the script.Mastering the one-note delivery and obvious graduate of the Evelyn Wood School for Former Models Turned Actors , newcomer Justin Chambers keeps his delivery monotone while promising upstart Mena Suvari is absolutely wasted . It 's hard to tell if even the action is enjoying as horrible lighting and cinematography waste nearly even frame of it.As a side interest as to how bad this film truly is , everyone in the flick has an accent of European accent EXCEPT for the two young American leads , making them appear dreadfully out of place.Honestly , do n't bother .
 ... This is by far the worst so-called adaptation of Alexandre Dumas classic ... Let me describe each character
 This movie -LSB- stinks -RSB- . The story is nothing like the original , the acting is horrific , the swordfighting utterly ridiculous.The scene that sums it all up is when the guards wo n't chase after a carriage going about 1 mph and everyone escapes.I have no idea how on earth anyone could make a movie so terrible . Extremely torturous to watch . Do not buy it , do not rent it . In fact , just read the book , which is awesome .
 By any standard , this is a very strange movie . The fight scenes are quite remarkable , but because they seem more appropriate in THE MATRIX or CROUCHING TIGER , HIDDEN DRAGON or , even , SHREK , they seem bizarrely out of place in this film . They also make the rest of the film look all that much worse than it would have otherwise . It is worth noting that the fight scenes were the product of Xin Xin Xiong , whose background is in Asian martial arts films.Numerous reviewers have noted the absurdity of the script , especially in that it changes the story of Alexandre Dumas . To tell the truth , the original story is n't so terribly special that some emendation is out of order . The trouble is that the changes that are introduced do not produce a good story . So , it is quite true that one of the great faults of the film is a very bad script.A more serious problem is the acting , especially in several of the key roles . Based on his wooden , monotone performance in this film -LRB- an amazing achievement considering all the action in this one -RRB- , Justin Chambers would have to compete for the title of the world 's worst actor . The only other thing I have seen him in was THE WEDDING PLANNER , in which he was the most irritating element as Jennifer Lopez 's would-be Italian fiance . He was bad in that , but he is far , far worse in this film . Tim Roth is a talented guy , but has anyone noticed how many bad films he is in ? And how many ham roles he gets ? Basically , his role in this film is essentially a rehash of his Oscar-nominated role in ROB ROY . Stephen Rea is more or less wasted as Cardinal Richelieu . The portrayal of Richelieu in films has always perplexed me . He is almost universally portrayed as a villain , and yet he is easily one of the most important figures in French political history , providing important national leadership at a time of crisis in the monarchy . Certainly he was not any more ruthless than many other strong national leaders in the seventeenth century . Mena Suvari is not cut out for costume pictures , and while she seems perfectly in her element in AMERICAN BEAUTY and the AMERICAN PIE films , she just does n't belong here.The film did look good , and whoever was in chart of art direction did a bang up job . But good looking sets and great fighting sequences can not in themselves make a good picture . Not a very successful film at all .
 I join with the other reviewers who have condemned this terrible film for its sins of omission and commission . Giving this `` thing '' one star is too much praise . The title `` The Musketeer '' immediately brings to mind the Dumas classic , which is everything that this movie is not . Dumas created memorable characters , adventure , action , and romance . Although `` The Three Musketeers '' is not great literature , it is a well-told story of a young man coming of age as he makes his way in the world . In contrast , the movie , `` the Musketeer '' , is tedious and a travesty on every level . Cynical , badly written , with no real plot , and a feckless , unconvincing , pretty boy carrying the lead role of D'Artagnan , this film is vapid and confused failure . Could this film be any worse ? Not possible . This is simply one of the worst films I have ever seen.For comparison
 ca n't remember the last time I rolled my eyes so many times in a movie I knew within the first 10 minutes of the show that it was gon na -LCB- be bad -RSB- > See the acrobatic martial-artist French 17th-century swordsmen &#65533; words you had a right never to expect to see together ! and the action is so badly edited and darkly lit that it 's hard to tell what 's happening many scenes dark and difficult to seeThis movie was one of the worst I have seen this year bad acting and the awful remake you must have watched Richard Lester 's very enjoyable `` The Three Musketeers '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- and `` The Four Musketeers '' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- . Save your time and rent those two tonight .
 The picture is dark , and so dark that sometimes you ca n't even see the movie !! This is incredible , actors are speaking like if they were reading their text . No emotion , no feeling ! What a deception !!
